would be impracticable , and that the attempt would be rescinded ; he therefore begged leave to enter his most sincere protest against the passing of this bill , and he should oppose the second reading . said , he would not trouble the house at any length , but he wished to make a few observations . There was certainly a considerable difference of opinion , as to this bill . Some said it might be highly dangerous in its consequences ; others , that it could not fail to be very advantageous . It was however ascertained , that the slave trade had been very advantageous to the West India islands . This bill was built on theory , and he was not fond of theories ; they had been productive of too much mischief . The real fact was agreed upon by all parties to be this : the West Indies can not be cultivated by Europeans , whose constitutions will not bear fatigue in that climate . It is therefore necessary , if they are to be cultivated at all , that it must be by some other class of the human species , who being natives of warm climates , are able to endure that degree of labour and fatigue which no Europeans could do in that climate . This being the acknowledged fact , the question , is , shall we abandon the cultivation of the West India islands altogether , or what class of the human species shall we employ to , cultivate them ? Some say , that it is much better to employ free negroes than slaves , and that the labour of freemen would be more productive . This is , however , only a supposition , a mere theory , The fact is known to be , that the natives of warm countries are not naturally disposed to labour . In warm countries the climate produces the means of subsistence with so little labour , that they have no necessity , and consequently no inclination , for laborious work ; and for that species of labour which was necessary for raising sugar and 659 other Colonial produce , it was obsolutely necessary to use something of compulsion . It might appear to some to be a great hardship to compel men to labour , but it was the common condition of the lower orders of society . It was by compulsion that we made our sailors go on board our ships , and this sort of compulsion was often very proper and necessary . As to the general management of the slaves in the West Indies , he could assert , from his own knowledge and means of information , that they were universally much better treated now than they were formerly , and that there has been as great a disposition as possible evinced to encrease them in the natural way . As to the Creoles , although they were superior for generation , they were inferior to the Africans in ability to labour , and it was found that they gradually grew weaker . It might , therefore , well be said , that experience has taught us that we can not go on without the continued importation of those African slaves ; and the only question would be , whether or not we were , in abandoning the trade , abandoning the cultivation of the West India islands altogether . He had often remembered to have heard many splendid theories advanced in that house , and supported with eloquence , which went off altogether , or were not found to answer . Eloquence was not always a proof of the justice of the cause , which it so powerfully supported . The great duke of Marlborough was certainly a very superior man , and a man of most excellent judgment , but he was never famous for his eloquence ; he , however , had discrimination , and Weighed matters well ; he knew what measures should be adopted , and what should be avoided . This was more than many eloquent men knew . To