species of exaction . Such , then , was the state of the country , and such were the impediments to former plans , at the time when the present bill was , proposed : in fact , the anterior project was no longer operative , and some new ; scheme must be adopted . Then this measure was proposed under the following recommendations : 1st , it was to suspend all balloting ; 2dly , it was to relieve the parishes and individuals under an insupportable burden ; 3dly , it was to raise a body of men , better disciplined , and in greater number , than under the former expedient . It was by these tests the bill ought to be examined . If it had answered any , much more if it had fulfilled all these purposes , ministers would be entitled to credit for having proposed this mode for the benefit of the service , He could by no means agree with a noble lord ( King ) who represented this bill as opposed to the sentiments of the coun- 489 try ; he trusted it had given much , satisfaction ; at least of this he was confident , that the former bill , however effectual for a time , had , from its increasing oppressive tendency , excited general discontent . The bill now under consideration had some times been opposed on constitutional grounds . He well knew the language of the bill of rights , that there should be no army without the consent of parliament . Such , he contended , were the forces raised under this bill ; because they were subjected to the mutiny act , and were thus periodically subject to the control of parliament . The objection , therefore , on this ground , must be acknowledged to be unfounded . While he would admit the application of every constitutional principle , he must likewise attend to the . public security , as it would be affected by the reduction of tire public force at the present time ; and lie would frankly and boldly declare the crown was not sate on the head of the sovereign , if the force were not provided which it was the object of this bill to acquire . If the country had been exposed to danger , it was because this beneficial plan bad not been earlier resorted to , and it was most unreasonable to expect its immediate operation in all its extent . Time must be allowed to dissipate the effect of the former exorbitant bounties , and to admit the country to recover from the drains by which its resources had been exhausted . But this interval was not to be unemployed . The reduced militia was to supply the regular army , and a further source was to be acquired from the army of reserve . Then time must be granted for the meetings of the commissioners of the parishes ; yet , before it was possible that all the multifarious parts of tins scheme could be organized , it seemed to be expected that the whole operation should be discovered . Under these circumstances , the fairest way to estimate the progressive importance of this bill would be to consider the 2 last weeks as a specimen of its efficiency . The number raised within this short interval was 600 men , which would amount , in the course of the year , to 35,000 , if the future weeks were equally productive . It was frequently the disadvantage of a measure , in itself conducive to the public good , that it so far interfered with others , that the advantage derived from it was counter-balanced by this interference . Such an objection could not apply to the present bill ; it had been found to obstruct no other service , but rather 490 to co-operate and assist , than to interrupt and oppose.—Adverting to what fell from noble lords , at the other side , expressive of their present opinion of part of the existing administration , he observed , it was not