would not allow her to fulfil her treaty with France ; if they thought it prudent to wink at her supplying the enemies of this country to a certain extent , they ought clearly and explicitly to have intimated to what extent that , supply was to be countenanced , what were the specific terms of neutrality they would submit to , and none other . If they had done so , and if their conduct had been actuated by that moderation and humanity which the noble lord had stated , he should have agreed in the propriety of their conduct , he should have rejoiced that they had made every becoming effort to preserve peace . But was this really the case ? Had the conduct of our govt . been characterized by humanity and moderation ? All he had read on the subject , in the voluminous bodies of papers on the table , led him to form a very different opinion . He had seen nothing of firmness or consistency , nothing of moderation or humanity ; their conduct was altogether made up of inanity and indecision . He should notice a few particulars , from which he was induced to draw this conclusion , and to regret , that in many respects , duplicity and want of candour had distinguished the instructions of ministers to our ambassador at Madrid , more than open and ingenuous conduct , which ought to distinguish a great nation . Mr. Frere was desired , in his instructions from govt . to get every explanation from the Spanish minister he could , but himself to give no information . The Spanish ministers , therefore , justly complained , that they did not know what he wanted . In one place he is desired to state , that the granting of pecuniary succours will be esteemed a sufficient ground of war ; and immediately afterwards he is instructed to require infor- 346 mation on certain other points before he , gives any answer on that subject . Mr. Frere 's own conduct shewed that he did not know what his instructions meant . Indeed they were so various and contradictory in themselves , that he could hardly be supposed to be able to reconcile them . There was , besides , a want of vigour and attention on the part of govt . which was truly astonishing , and was unquestionably reprehensible in the highest degree . There , appeared in the communication from ministers in this country to Mr. Frere , a chasm , at one period , from the 22d June to the 24th Nov. ; again , one to a smaller extent , being from the 2d Nov. to the middle of Jan. ; and a still more remarkable one from the 21st of Jan. to the 29th Sept. being a period of upwards of eight months , during which a new and important discussion was going on ; one in which from its delicate nature , as embracing the alternative of peace or war , the honour and character of the country were concerned ; but in which not a single line of instructions was sent from the govt . of this country to the person at Madrid , who was carrying on this important negotiation.— The detention of the Spanish treasure ships , was also an instance of the mild measures of hostilities , adopted by the British govt . It had been attempted , but most unjustly , to assimilate it to an embargo laid oil in a port . To such a measure it had not the most distant resemblance ; and before our govt . resorted to such a step it was called on by every principle of candour and good faith , and by every sentiment of honour and propriety , to give the Spanish govt . intimation that if it did not receive every information required , it was its determination to adopt a step of the kind . It was said that Mr. Frere had left Madrid before the news of their capture or detention was known there . But what