have a suspension of their friendships and predilections from an accident , he thought such a circumstance ought not to be made the subject of acrimonious observations , such as had been indulged in by a noble earl in this debate . He , on the other hand , had rather observe , that those who had long and frequently been in the habit of differing in opinion , had expressed their sentiments with considerable heat and animosity , perhaps , sometimes , towards each other , could nevertheless find a principle which called upon them to bury their animosity for ever , and to unite their efforts in the service of their country , and then treat each other with that warmth of heart and real kindness which is chiefly to be found in domestic affection , but which he did not think ought to be banished from public life . He had observed these things a little longer , as he was an older man , than most of the noble lords he-now had the honour of 514 addressing ; he had observed that notwithstanding a good deal of apparent rancour , reconciliations of this kind sometimes , took place ; if any thing of that kind could take place on this occasion , a good deal of public advantage might be derived , from this digression . It was worth while for persons distinguished in public life , to consider what the public thought of these acrimonious observations , and how easy it was to doubt the sincerity of them , and to conclude that public men were not really interested in what they said , when , they appeared to forget it so soon . These exhibitions of anger and rage on the parliamentary theatre , in which the whole public was the audience or spectators , had '' not the happiest effect in producing the best opinion of those who made these exhibitions in that house . He therefore thought they might treat one another like gentlemen and cease to abuse one another . When men acted together fairly , the world never found fault with them , and gave them credit for good intentions , but parliamentary rancour was a thing the public disliked . As to warmth of debate , nothing was better ; but that was not the same thing as rancour , which had always a bad effect on the spectators , who put a bad construction upon the practice of indulging it . He thus endeavoured , as well as he could , to smooth the combatants in these matters , a practice in which he had had some experience . He had only to repeat , that he should always wish every parliamentary debate to be animated , but not rancorous ; that men might speak against each other with as much heat as they pleased , but still that they should treat each other like gentlemen . There should be ho such asperities and personalities between men who might expect , that from political changes or events , they would be called on to act with those very persons against whom their asperities had been directed—a thing which might lead to their never being cordial . He was an old man , and had had much experience . He hoped noble lords would think of this principle , for they were all young enough to benefit by his advice . said a few words in support of the motion , but in so low a tone of voice , that we could not distinctly hear his lordship . said , that even those who saw objections to the act which it was now proposed to repeal , in the first in- 515 stance , and compared it with some other system , might now with the most perfect consistency vote in favour of that which was established . He thought , therefore , that the charges on that head against his noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) and others were totally groundless . The measure had been adopted by parliament , it had laid the basis of a