in each country would , incase of a land-tax , be subject to the tax imposed in that country . He recollected that the Irish parliament had laid an additional tax on the land of absentees ; and therefore they proceeded upon quite a contrary principle to that on which the proposition of the hon . baronet was grounded : Indeed , he never heard of any project of exemption , similar to that proposed by the hon . baronet . persisted in maintaining that it was contrary to the principle of the union to draw these resources from the use of Ireland which would be otherwise sent into it . Independently of this ground of objection , however , he claimed ' the exemption he proposed , upon the same principle as that which induced the house to exempt the funded property of foreigners . Unless the property of the latter were deemed more sacred than that of the Irish , he saw no reason why this proposition should be resisted . If the hon . gent . should persist in opposing his object , he declared he would move to expunge from the bill the exemption in favour of foreigners . brought up a clause , to exempt from the payment of this tax all lands , money , or other property , vested in trustees for the use of almshouses , or other charitable purposes only . said , that he should shortly have occasion to move for leave to bring in another bill relating to regulations which would give his hon . friend an opportunity of submitting this exemption ; but , if he thought proper to offer it now , he did not suppose it would meet with any opposition.—The clause was then brought up and , agreed to , and the bill having passed the committed , was ordered to be reported to-morrow . as chairman of the committee , to whom it was referred to consider of and investigate the various matters alleged in the charge against Mr. Justice Fox , came forward , pursuant to his notice of yesterday , and of a resolution of the committee . He adverted generally to the serious and uniform attention which the lords committees had paid to the important subject under their consideration ; and 713 in which it was their wish to proceed in the most unexceptionable manner , as well with a reference to individual as to public justice . Under these considerations , the noble chairman moved to the following effect : `` That the said committee be empowered to report from time to time , respecting the matters exhibited before them , and to state their opinions separately upon any of the articles of charge , if , on due examination thereof , they should find sufficient grounds for the same . '' expressed his disapprobation of the motion . He was adverse from the mode of offering any partial reports to the house upon the subject . He rather thought the committees should be instructed to withhold all reports until the whole of the charges against the accused should be gone through . The course generally adopted by grand juries would be the best to adopt in the present instance , which was to consider of , investigate , find , or throw out all the bills brought before them , instead of deciding upon any one , two , or three separate charges of what they might have to consider . He thought the duty imposed upon the committee , in the present instance , was similar to that which grand juries of the country had to fulfil . In considering the question then before the house , the situation of the accused , one of a very serious nature ought to be considered ; the possibility of his being brought to the bar upon any one or two of the charges , while the rest may be pending or undecided , the situation of the accused person 's mind , on such an occasion , was worthy of consideration . Added to this , was that of the