having had the advantage of the arguments of counsel . It was impossible for any one mind to consider ail the bearings of a case , as completely as he would be enabled to do after it has been discussed by a number of persons . For his own part he wished for the benefit of counsel . The only point was , whether that would be consistent with , the practice of the house . It had been said in a former debate by some gentlemen , that it would be proper to hear counsel in some state of the business , but he was of opinion that if they were to be heard in any , it ought to be the present stage , 835 which would be more advantageous to the house , and to the parties , than if they if were to be heard when they came to discuss the degree of punishment . There was a total absence of precedents , for there was no case of counsel being offered . If the case had been only left sub silentio , it would be for the house to determine how far it should admit a practice on which the law was silent . He threw out these observations for the purpose of their being considered by those who were more conversant with the usage of parliament . perceived that the question was rendered much narrower than in a former debate , when the hon . gent . ' ( Mr. Fox ) argument went to hearing the whole of the case . The motion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) which he understood the other hon . member to acquiesce in was solely confined to the hearing of counsel . If counsel were at all to be heard , this was the time ; and if the house should be of that opinion , he should not object to it . At the same time he confessed , that from the best consideration he had been able to bestow on the subject , he was not aware of any case in which the party had been heard either by his counsel or by himself . But there were a variety of cases , and no doubt there must be some of them bearing on this question , and she wing what was the sense of parliament upon it . The resolution of the committee had been accompanied with the evidence , and appeared to him to come under the fourth head contained in the report of the committee appointed in 1789 to examine into precedents . He did not think , and he was sure no gent , who heard him could think , that much light could be thrown upon the particular case by the arguments of counsel , however it might be desirable with a view to the general principle to have them called in Me agreed , that the question ought to be decided not by any abstract reasoning , but by what had been the practice of the house . The point of importance was , not to set the example of departing from the practice of parliament , nor to follow the example of attributing less weight to the decision of their committees . As , however , a number of gentlemen seemed to be of opinion that counsel should be heard , and his learned friend also inclined to that opinion , he should not have any objection , provided , however , it was to be clearly understood , that no other proposition was to be grounded on his agreeing to this . explained by observing , that he was still of opinion with his hon . friend near him , that evidence ought to be heard , though he only how contended for hearing counsel . With regard to the evidence on the scrutiny , if it appeared there that a number of voters who had no legal title to vote had been received for Mr. Mainwaring , equal to that of the mill voters , then the charge of corruption would