then rose for the purpose of moving an address to his Majesty , on his most gracious speech from the throne , and spoke as follows : —My Lords , it is not my wish to trouble your lordships at any great length in moving , as I shall have the honour to do , an humble address to his Majesty , in answer to the gracious communications his Majesty has just condescended to make to this house ; but I think it necessary shortly to state the grounds on which I intend to found my motion for that address . The contest in which we are and which forms a Majesty 's speech , is , the fate war , so closely connected with the cause of royalty , and so intimately interwoven with the essential interests of the country , that in adverting to the measures for supporting it , it seems to me , my lords , that the only question is , whether the address which I shall have the honour to move , be conformable to the usual practice of this house . I hope , in this point of view , it will not be considered as informal , and that it will receive the approbation of your lordships . The first point in his Majesty 's speech is one on which , I am convinced , there can be but one opinion . That no invasion of this country has yet been attempted , notwithstanding the boast and menaces of the enemy , made even at the commencement of hostilities , is a subject which can not fail to be gratifying to every person throughout the kingdom . Although it is true , that no apprehension need be entertained as to the event of an invasion , and convinced as I am , that no fear has been felt by the people as to the result of such an attempt , yet it ought not to be forgotten , that a desperate attempt at invasion made by a desperate enemy , would be productive of the most disastrous consequences . Notwithstanding the high state of preparation , however , in which our enemy has long been ; notwithstanding it is a fact that , according to his own accounts , his armament for the purpose of invasion has long since been completed ; notwithstanding the great display of ships and of forces on the opposite shore , our gasconading foe has never yet attempted to put his threat into execution . It must , 5 therefore , be a subject for just pride to your lordship ? , and the country at large , that the enemy has been deterred from making the threatened attempt , by the vigour and decision displayed on our part , by the excellent arrangement and disposition of our forces , and by the admirable skill and judgment displayed in all our operations , both for home defence , and for the annoyance of the enemy ; by which means he has not only been prevented from making the attempt , of the success of which he has so much boasted , but has been made to tremble in his turn for the safety of his own shores . It is not to any change in his purpose , but to our own energy und vigour that we are indebted for our safety . These advantages we owe to the excellent measures adopted for our defence , to the skill and gallantry of our officers and seamen , to the courage and admirable discipline of our army and militia , and to the patriotism and valour of another description of force unknown to former times , but which has been reserved to grace and adorn the present age . Formerly we relied upon the bravery and discipline of a regular army , and often had occasion to admire and congratulate their splendid achievements . Now , in addition to that great and essential support , another description of force has arisen in the persons of our brave and patriotic volunteers ; who , actuated by the most fervid