the present under the existing circumstances . The gentlemen who had conducted this business , had a little incautiously disclosed the secret ; they said , plainly , that the question was not so much what new scheme of military defence should be adopted , as to what ministers , 772 in future , the military defence of this country , whatever it might be , should be intrusted . To increase their strength , they had invited the country gentlemen to inlist under their banners . The gentlemen of that description were respectable for their property , for their character , for their numbers , and for their attainments ; and they would not oppose that bill from the views on the opposite side of the house , so evident and palpable ; they knew it was not only necessary to have a competent force to attack the enemy , but to have united councils ; and that the security of the country depended on the one , and on the other . On these grounds he should oppose this motion . observed , that he should support the motion for repealing the bill , from a thorough conviction of its inefficiency . It tended directly to destroy the recruiting system , which was proved from the circumstance of the regimental officers having been as successful as could be wished , till this bill had been introduced into the parishes , when all the sources of supplying the army in the ordinary way were instantly dried up . It had defeated itself completely , and when compared with the promises made , must be acknowledged to be quite nugatory . disapproved of the speech of the right lion . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) who seemed to be an enemy to-the volunteer system ; but any man who could entertain such an hostile opinion , would say that black was white , or white was black ; res non verba , he looked to ; his wish was not to have flourishing speeches , but substantial measures ; he should vote therefore , for the repeal , from the impossibility of carrying the act into execution . thought it necessary to say a few words , after the example of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. B. Bathurst ) . He disclaimed any idea of giving a factious opposition to the govt . ; but he felt it incumbent on him to declare , that with all the consideration he had been enabled to give the additional force act , if the repeal of it depended upon his single vote , he should think it his duty to vote in the affirmative , and upon grounds that were perfectly satisfactory to his own mind . Conscientiously speaking , he was firmly convinced of the wisdom of the military plans of that administration with which he had been connected ; and as this bill went to render null the whole of them , he thought him- 773 self , upon principles of consistency , obliged to vote for its repeal . The right hon . gent . here entered into a very clear and elaborate justification of the measures of defence resorted to by the late administration . Their object in suspending the army of reserve act , was to relieve the country from a very onerous pressure , and to employ those milder measures which they had reason to think would be more efficient . The right hon . member then enumerated the various modes which they had proposed for recruiting the army , all of which , and particularly the raising eight battalions for rank , he defended against the unmerited imputations which had been lavished on them . His great objections to the bill , which it was moved to repeal , were founded on constitutional grounds , and never could , by any temporary , or even the greatest possible success , be wholly done away . It tended to . create a great permanent standing army , a description of force which had ever been regarded with a constitutional jealousy in