he had a sacred duty to perform . We were engaged in a contest for the defence both of rich and of poor ; supplies must be found ; and no mode of raising them seemed to him so little liable to objection as the present . On the day when he first introduced this and his other measures of finance , it was objected by an hon . gent . that they did not fall sufficiently on articles of consumption . The noble lord had not been just in saying , that govt . had abandoned the interests of the lower classes . Let him look at the taxes from the year 1793 to the present time , and he would find that they have been in every instance 698 exonerated at the expence of their superiors . The income tax , the wine duty , the duty on foreign spirits , and a variety of others sufficiently proved this . The sum estimated as likely to be raised from this additional duty on salt , was 500,0001. at 5s . per bushel , and therefore proceeded on a calculation of two millions of bushels being consumed . There were eleven millions of consumers , and it must be obvious to the house , how much greater a proportion of this tax would fall or the higher classes than , on the lower . On a fair calculation , the consumption of a cottage containing a family of five persons , would be considerably short of a bushel in the year , making an annual duty of only 3 or 4s . and this it should be recollected , was collected gradually , and from week to week , so that its influence would scarcely be felt . Taxes on consumption to be productive , must be laidon articles of general consumption , As to the apprehended increase in the assize of bread , it never varied , unless a fluctuation of at least 1s , 8d . took place on each sack of flour , and the quantity of salt used in this case was so small , it was such a trifling fraction , that it could not possibly affect the price . He hoped , therefore , however specious the arguments used by the opponents of the measure , however they might affect to be the advocates and protectors of the poor , that the house would see through the fallacy of their objections ; and that in the support of a cause in which the higher and the lower classes were equally concerned they would not hesitate to afford to his majesty 's government those means which were proved by them to be the least objectionable for that , purpose . declared that he had seldom risen to give his opinion against any tax ' which appeared to him more objectionable . The right hon . gent . had asked why , if the suggestions of the committee on the salt duties were politic and expedient , they were not acted upon during the existence of peace ? To this the answer was at once simple and conclusive . The house would recollect that the report was made in 1801 , and it was only in that one session that the interval of peace gave any opportunity for bringing forward a proposition for the repeal of the salt duties . At that time those at the head of affairs , and those who brought forward the report , had hot time to make up their minds how far a bill for the repeal of the duties was expedient , or in what manner the deficiency arising to 699 the revenue should be supplied . But it was , indeed , a very different thing to talk of the absolute repeal of a tax allowed to be obnoxious , and to come forward with a proposition for augmenting it to a monstrous extent . Whenever this country was restored to peace , he hoped and trusted that the tax would be totally annihilated , But , said the right hon . gent , if the old