manners . This observation , he doubtless thought , came with peculiar propriety from a person of his own blushing humility ; from a person so perfectly averse to all like ill-natured personalities ; so eminently distinguished for soaring above all little political enmities , and so complete a foe to every thing sarcastic or biting . The right lion . gent . has thought proper to describe my speech as coming from a person who has never read the act it is proposed to repeal , and who knows nothing of it beyond its title . What I said is regarded by him as a collection of jests and sarcasms which have been for a long time stored up , in order that they may burst all at once on the meek , gentle , modest , but devoted head of the right hon . gent . If my speech , however , was so very unworthy of the serious attention of the house ; if I did wander so very much from the object of the debate ; if I did entertain the house with nothing but hoarded repartees or common-place jokes , is it not a little singular that the right hon . gent . should have done me the honour to start up immediately to answer me ? The right hon . gent . well knew that his vast and splendid talents were not necessary to answer a speech , distinguished for nothing but irregularity : Nec Deus intersit , nisi dignus vindice nodus is a maxim which no man better understands than the right hon . gent . Why did he not on this , as on a former occasion , employ a substitute ? The right hon . gent . supposes I said that when he went out of office he stood high in the opinion of the public . I said no such thing . I said , that he stood comparatively higher than when he returned to power . But though the right hon . gent . has replied to this observation , he has thought proper to take no notice of the reasons on which it was founded . Not a word of a certain pledge to the . Catholics of Ireland which he is known to have give on his abandonment 784 of the office to which he has since returned ! No man is more ready to acknowledge the great and eminent talents of the right hon . gent . than I am . No man esteems them higher than I do . But if I were to characterize his ministry , I should say , in language which the right hon . gent . may recollect to have heard before , namely `` that he has added more to the burdens and subtracted more from the liberties of the people , than any minister that ever governed this country . `` —The right hon . gent . has attacked me for bringing charges against his colleagues , who were not in this house to defend themselves , and has taken up the glove for the First Lord of the Admiralty . For my part , I really entertain a respect for the noble lord ( Melville ) as a man of business ; certainly there are many differences between him and his predecessor . He does not , like the noble earl , pin himself down to his desk by four in the morning , examing into abuses , but he goes boldly afloat himself to superintend , or rather to judge with critical eyes ( occulis subjecta fidelibus ) of the explosion of his own catamarans , I will not call in question how nice an ear the noble lord may have for the blowing up of a carcase ; nor do I wish to allude to the festivities at Walmer Castle , where the right hon . gent . opposite me had prepared a sort of Alexander 's Feast , and where he and his friends were anxiously wailing for the noble lord 's triumphal return : The jolly God in triumph comes , Sound the