the act could be enforced by the levy of the penalties . The act gave powers to the parish officers and the penalties were to fall on the parishes , which had no controul over the parish officers to compel them to do their duty . He was sure no court of law in England would compel a man to pay a fine incorred by no delinquency of his own not by any default which it was not 822 in his power to prevent or controul . He was sure , that if any court of law could be found to authorize such an injustice against the whole people of England , it would be impossible to enforce the decision . In proceeding , however , to the alteration proposed , it was singular that their lordships would have to take the very same step which was now refused because it came from that side of the house . They should go into a committee , in which the whole military state of the country was to be considered . The measure had been proposed at a period when we were told to count not weeks or days , but hours , in expectation of the danger of invasion . It was brought forward as a means of immediately raising a considerable force ; yet , after all the predictions that had been , made , and the expectations that had been formed of its success , the result was almost too trifling to be mentioned . Supposing , which he much doubted , that it had raised 2,500 men , was that a number of which a great nation like this could boast , when it was considered how much had been vaunted of the act before it was put in force ? The noble secretary of state , in the very extraordinary and delusive statement that he had this evening made , of what he termed the military force of the country , instead of shewing distinctly the situation in which it stood , had wrapped the seamen , the volunteers , & round the real military force , for the purpose , no doubt , of disguising it as much as possible . The object of the Additional Defence act was not to increase our whole military strength , but to raise a large and immediate disposable force . With all the claims which administration had made to the gratitude of the country for their exertions , if the house would look to the returns of the British infantry , they would rind , that in the last year , instead of having increased , it had decreased . On the 1st of Jan. 1804 , the number was 105,886 ; on the 1st Jan. 1805 , it only amounted to 105,033 , making a decrease of 853 men in the year . After deducting garrisons , & there remained British infantry for general field service 78,195 ; but an allowance must be made for casualties that had taken place abroad , and of which no mention was made in the returns on the table . In the East Indies , where such bloody , though glorious , battles had been fought , and in the West Indies , where a malignant distemper prevailed , be could not calculate these casual 823 ties at less than 4,000 , reducing the whole number to 74,19 . The apportionment of v these troops would be , abroad 31,113 , at c home 43,082 . But the house should recollect , that our establishments in different t pans of the world must be maintained , c and this , on a moderate computation , would require thirteen thousand men , which I would leave the British infantry in this I country about 30,000 men . The only chance we had of re-establishing G. Britain in the rank which she held in Europe , before the peace of Amiens , was by a. cooperation with the continental powers ; but to make this co-operation effectual , we must not be satisfied with granting pecuniary succours ; how were we qualified to