. If a property tax be allowable^ even in time of war , it is only on the ground of its being regular and moderate . If this is to continue many years , and consumption , so far as yielding a revenue , is at I an end , it is likely the property tax will be considered as a land tax , or any of those other taxes that are voted annually as matters of course . I do not say that this crisis is near , God forbid it should be ! If ever we come to the state when we can not levy taxes on consumption , we shall inevitably be going the road that leads to the point at which we take from our income , where we can , and all we can , till we go to the principal , and in time take that like wise . With these impressions of the vast impolicy of such a growing tax as this , I own to you , sir , that I do from my heart wish the right hon . gent . could have devised any other measure . I never approved of this tax , nor of the principle on which it was founded , and I think that limits should be set to it which can not be exceeded . In my mind , the taxes proposed , particularly 555 that oh salt , will be found highly exceptionable , and I do from my conscience believe , that others less oppressive must be eventually resorted to . —I do not intend , sir , to take up more than a very few moments of the time of the committee doubtless , meant the proposal respecting the vote for 5 millions to be as conditional as it has been spoken of by the hon . gent . I certainly did not mean the house to be pledged to the application of that sum , without full evidence of the policy of such a measure ; only when the subject of the general ways and means for the year were before the house , I did think it right to bring before the committee the amount which I apprehended would be necessary , in case certain events should take place . Hat as to the time of applying that sum , the manner of its application , those circumstances of the state of Europe under which it may be wise and politic to apply it , on all , that the house will hereafter decide . Other motives induced me to bring the subject forward now . I thought it necessary , not to defer the vote , because nothing can take place in the state of things that has not taken place , except either the acquiescence or the refusal of the powers of the continent to enter into an alliance with us . On the other hand , it was desirable that the business should be brought forward early in the session , because from the lateness of the period at which this session commenced , if we did not provide for the vote now we should drive it later into April , when near a quarter 's interest would unnecessarily attach to it , which , on the fair supposition of the funds being worse than they are now , would occasion a diminution of our means of providing for the general loan . Now , sir , as to the vote in itself , I could only say , that with regard to voting a subsidy of 5 millions for continental purposes , when the day comes for the house to take such a proposal into consideration , gentlemen will do as they please ; in the state of the question at this moment they are pledged to nothing . With respect to the observations on the mode in which this subject has been brought forward to night , there is no informality at all in bringing the question forward in the committee of ways and means . It is , most certainly , not unconstitutional .