members of the other house , or of any noble lord out of the 360 of which the peerage consisted , they should be required to answer at that bar accusations of the most serious nature . However as their lordships had proceeded so far , he thought it their duty to continue , notwithstanding the objections to which their proceedings may give rise . explained the different modes which might be employed far the removal of a judge guilty of misconduct , both by the ancient law and the act of settlement . The other house might have proceeded by impeachment , and he was sorry that mode had not been resorted to ; but still it was competent to either house to proceed by address . His lordship explained the anomalous proceedings , in which it was possible the present measure might lead their lordships , and , slated more explicitly than what had been pre- 857 viously done , what he conceived to be the intention of the noble marquis in making his motion . declared that it did not appear to him to accord perfectly with the usual course of their lordships ' proceedings in criminal matters , that the allegations of the noble marquis , as well as the petitions , should be referred to their lordships ' committee . adverted to the novelty of the case , and urged the necessity of proceeding with extreme caution and precision in a case for which there was no precedent . would , with the leave of their lordships , propose an amendment , which he thought would have the effect of obviating the objection suggested by a noble lord . He thought it a subject for deep regret , that an occasion for any measure of the sort upon which they were engaged should have occurred ; and he particularly lamented , that the mode of impeachment had not been preferred to one which was likely to involve them in a sea of eternal discussion , where they would have to labour without rudder or guide . The honour , the character , and the fame of one who filled the most important office in the magistracy , should not be subjected to the delays and inconveniences inseparable from the mode of proceeding , into which the house had unfortunately fallen . His lordship 's amendment was then read and adopted , which was in substance '' that so much of the allegations against the hon . Mr. Justice Fox , as were not contained in the petitions , should be referred to the committee. '' ߞAdjourned . brought up a clause by way of rider , which contained the oath to be in future administered to all members serving on regimental courts martial , and also another for swearing all the witnesses who should give evidence before them . then rose , and , after adverting to his proposal on a former day , that no person should be permitted to sit as president on a regimental court mar- 858 tial who bad not attained the age of 21 years , said , that if be thought it could have the slightest tendency to weaken the discipline of the army , he would be the last man who should think of proposing it . He did not say , that the usual punishments inflicted were more severe than necessary , for which reason , the clause he should recommend , would , in its effects , rather serve to strengthen the powers of regimental courts martial . As it must , however , be confessed that the punishments were at times extremely rigid , the greater attention should be paid to have them carefully administered . If the same gravity and dignity were infused into these regimental , that always accompanied general courts martial , the men , finding the same impartial trial in the one , as in the other , would be naturally led to a more cheerful compliance with their decisions . He maintained that the powers given to regimental courts martial went beyond the object for which they were originally established