house to originate subjects of every kind , but their lordships well knew that the chamber of commons did in fact claim and exercise the right of commencing questions of finance ; and it could not be denied but that , the house of lords , by possessing the power of administering an oath , was peculiarly fitted for the discussion of judicial questions . He therefore thought this question properly began here ; and he could see no just ground whatever for the delay of six weeks ; at the end of that time they might be in the same situation as they were now . It was of the utmost importance that the matter should be deckled on forthwith . The noble lord who spoke last , seemed to resolve the power of the two houses as to inquiry into the conduct of judges , into the single case of supervening imbecility . Now , he thought , that this was a case more suited to ministerial arrangement , and of which the noble and learned lord on the woolsack would feel it his duty to take cognizance . said , that he could scarcely 581 believe that the noble viscount had been in the house when he spoke , so totally had the noble viscount mistated what he had said . He had expressly enumerated three grounds upon which the two houses would feel it their duty under the act of King William to address his majesty ; 1.crime in the execution of his duty ; 2. criminal conduct not in the execution of his duty ; and 3. supervening incapacity.—The question was again put , on which their lordships divided , when there appeared for the motion of the duke of Clarence , 63 . Against it , 36 . Majority 27. adverted particularly to what had passed on a former night , in consequence of a motion of a noble friend of his ( lord King ) now absent , He contended , that the species of information required by his noble friend was of great importance to enable their lordships to understand the subject in question . It was right parliament should know upon what conditions those who were liberated from arrests were discharged ; the production required was agreeable to the practice and usage on former occasions ; he was at a loss to know upon what grounds that which transpired between govt . and those whom they deemed traitors or conspirators should be kept secret from parliament . However , the proposition originally made by his noble friend had been qualified , so as he thought would remove the objection then offered ; and he should before the other order of the day was entered upon , move an address to his majesty , `` that a statement of the conditions upon which persons liberated from arrests , & c. should be laid before the house , except so far as the same may relate to information given , or to be given , respecting any traitorous proceeding , '' & c.—On the question being put , observed , that what he said on a former night had been misconceived . He said that he knew of no such conditions , not being aware of any proceedings in the way of release to which they might apply ; but his objection was to the principle of the motion in the manner it was brought forward ; and he repeated his conviction , that under such circumstances , and at such a time , to agree to such , a motion , might be productive of 582 consequences the most dangerous ; neither did he approve the motion as qualified by the noble lord ; it would involve as admission of the fact , and its consequences in every other shape would be nearly the same . The specification required by the qualified proposition was , in effect , liable to the same objections , it would imply a degree of suspicion , as , with the other objectionable considerations , would amount to as pernicious a result as the original motion certainly