which the right on . Gent . dwelt with peculiar emphasis . This dispatch was occasioned by letters received from Mr. Frere , dated 9th and 11th Oct. in which the treaty between France and Spain is stated to be in the act of negotiating . The right hon . gent . had laid Considerable stress upon what he calls the precise instructions contained in this dispatch to Mr. Frere . To him the principles it contained appeared so intolerable , that the most violent infractions of the law of nations by that power , against whom the right hon . gent , had so frequently thundered his anathemas , were moderate in the comparison . He must in the first place , observe , that though lord Hawkesbury had been perfectly aware of the treaty carrying on between France and Spain , he had not previously insisted on any explanation of that treaty , or of the circumstance of the passage of French troops through Spain to Ferrol . In this dispatch of the 24th Nov. lard Hawkesbury thus expresses himself : `` The preservation of peace with Spain has , from the period of the commencement of the present war , been the constant object of his maj. 's policy , but the Spanish govt . must themselves feel that this object can only be attained by their earnest endeavours to do every thing which depends upon them for the maintenance for a fair system of neutrality , and by their causing that neutrality to he respected by the other be digerent powers . When the question 390 therefore occurs . `` —The question had occurred , and lord Hawkesbury knew it had occurred— '' When the question therefore occurs , how far his maj. would consent that the Spanish govt . should purchase their neutrality by an advance of pecuniary succours to the French govt . and would still regard them as neutrals , this must be considered as in some degree depending on the amount of the succours so to be advanced , and likewise on the determination of the Spanish govt . to insure their neutrality in all other respects ; for , at the time , when his maj. might be disposed to disregard any small or temporary advance of money , if essential for the attainment of such an object , it would be impossible for him to consider a permanent advance to the extent of that stated by you , in any other light than as a subsidy to the French govt . and as possibly the most effectual assistance which the Spanish govt . could afford them for the prosecution of the war . '' —What should naturally follow all this ? Why , that if the terms were not agreed to , a declaration of war must ensue . Our govt . should have described with accuracy , the limits beyond winch they would not allow the conduct of Spain to pass , under the name of neutrality , and should have fully authorised their agent at the court of Madrid to declare war , should the conditions not be complied with . Lord Hawkesbury goes on : `` His maj. can only be induced to abstain from immediate hostilities in consequence of such a measure , upon the consideration that it is a temporary expedient from which the Spanish govt . are determined to extricate themselves as soon as possible , and that his maj. must be at liberty to consider a perseverance , in the system of furnishing pecuniary succours to France as , at any period , when circumstances may render it necessary , a just cause of war . '' —The hon . gent . requested that gent , would attend particularly to this part of the question , as it was one of the most important in the whole discussion . If the principle contained in this dispatch was admitted , there would be an end at once of all public faith and national security . What is this principle ? That having once a justifiable cause of war , explanations may be suspended ,