possibly might afterwards Come before them as judges ; and he contended , that , on the score of expedition , the line of conduct recommended by his noble friend was by far the most preferable . quitted the woolsack , and directed his observations chiefly to the situation in which the question stood and the most eligible mode of proceeding In point of form ; he declined delivering his sentiments upon the subject till a future opportunity , but he seemed to prefer proceeding with the investigation , as the house had already determined . There was one point which had transpired in the course of that evening 's discussion which he was happy to observe , and for which he had to express his thanks to noble lords ; nay , even his gratitude ; namely , the apparent disposition to act upon the opportunities which the constitution afforded them , of having recourse to the assistance , when necessary , of the law lords , and to render their attendance effectual . spoke in explanation , and expressed his astonishment at the way in which the noble secretary of state seemed to consider what had fallen from him . He thought his conduct , on the occasion , required no apology ; it was the bounden duty of every member of that house to come forward and otter his opinion , in every stage of a business , and on every opportunity , as to what he thought might ' best favour the ends of public justice . He was prevented by indisposition from attending when the subject was last discussed . No considerations of delay or inconvenience should militate against the paramount principles and more important ends of public justice . They should consider the novelty of the case before them , and that they were about to set a precedent to future ages , on a point of the last importance in the exercise of all their functions . explained . As far as his recollection served him , he had said nothing which ought to induce astonishment on the part of the noble baron ; he regretted the cause of his inability to attend when the subject was last discussed ; but a considerable interval had since elapsed , in which the noble lord had an opportunity of coming forward . He had so far conceded as to agree to the noble lord 's proposition in the first instance , but he had to deprecate all unnecessary delays in the investigation of the case . expressed his satisfaction at what had fallen from the noble lord who had opened the discussion ; but not having attended the former discussion upon the subject , he confessed himself rather at a loss to know the precise situation in which the case then stood , and begged any noble and learned lord present would inform him . quitted the woolsack , and explained generally to his R. H , that the object of the committee , which had been ordered to sit , was to investigate the truth of matters alleged , so far as to ascertain whether a sufficient ground appeared to warrant their lordships in calling upon the accused to answer , or to entertain a motion for an address upon the occasion . The witnesses were to be examined upon oath before the committee , as to the truth of matters alleged , but to what extent it was for the committee to determine.—The question was then put upon Lord Grenville 's motion , which was accordingly ordered , called to the recollection of their lordships what had fallen from him on a former evening , relative to the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland , and the great discretionary power vested in the crown in consequence . It being in agitation to renew the measure , as one of very questionable importance , he thought that adequate reasons should be assigned for it . With that view , he called for the information which was stated in his motion on a former night . He expressed his hope that the noble