are repeatedly referred to , by the British , as well as the Spanish ministers , and the breach of those very conditions is all edged as the motive on the part of G. Brit , for her actual commencement of hostilities.—That the omissions and defects which distinguish those transactions , as well as the fatal consequences to which it has led , can only be ascribed to the erroneous principle on which it was grounded , and to the criminal and almost incredible negligence with which it has been conducted . That it is particularly our duty to represent to his maj. that in a negotiation for peace or war between G. Brit . and Spain , carried on principally at Madrid , no instructions were sent to his maj. 's minister at that court , from the 2d of June to the 24th of Nov. in the year 1803 ; from thence to the 21st of Jan. in . the year following ; not again from that date to the 29th of Sept. That in the first of these intervals , being little less than 6 months , the negotiation for a treaty of neutrality between France and Spain was begun , continued , and concluded ; yet not the smallest intimation was , in that long time , given to Mr. Frere , of the light in which that negotiation was considered here ; of the language it was proper for him to hold ; or of the measures it might be necessary for him to take ; although frequent communications were made to him on the subject , by the Spanish govt . who appear to have been disposed to pay great attention in this instance to any representation from G. Brit.—That during the last of the above mentioned periods , the same minister though left again for many months without any instructions 399 whatever , negotiated and concluded some agreement with Spain on this most important subject , of which agreement no opinion was ever expressed to him from hence , either before or after its conclusion ; nor does it even now appear , from any official documents , whether the same was meant to be allowed or disallowed , ratified or rejected , by the Brit . govt.—That we feel ourselves compelled to express to his maj. that in the farther progress of these transactions , the indecision and neglect of his govt . were succeeded by precipitate resolutions and acts of violence equally injurious to the honour and interest of his kingdom . —That we should have applauded any endeavour by firm and temperate representation to extricate our relations with Spain from the confusion in which they had been involved , and to bring them to a distinct issue of acknowledged neutrality or decided war , but that we find no trace of any such attempt . And that in the middle of Sept. on the first intimation of supposed movements in the Spanish ports , acts of hostility were decided on by his maj. 's govt . previous to all complaint , and executed without notice during a period of amicable negotiation.—That the dispositions of Spain appear , from the information of his maj. 's minister at Madrid , to have continued up to that moment friendly to G. Brit , and that the conduct of his maj. 's ministers , in having , under such circumstances , anticipated all explanation by concealed orders for an attack on Spanish ships , property , and subjects , can not be justified on any ground of public law , much less reconciled to those principles of moderation and liberality which belong to the British character , and which in the present situation of Europe is peculiarly the duty of this country to maintain inviolate . —That on reviewing the discussions which immediately preceded the present war , we can not but represent to his maj. the essential difference between the conduct of the person left in charge of his maj. 's affairs at Madrid , and the tenor of the only instructions under which he appears to have acted . That the explanations