to enter . He should merely say , that such European troops as it might be expedient to send to those colonies , he would not send without a gradual preparation for the climate . This preparation to take place by transferring the men in a sort of succession from one spot more congenial to the constitutions of Europeans to one less so . For instance , he would first send them to the island of Bermudas , or the Bahamas , and having remained there some time , they might be safely conveyed in rotation to those islands where the climate was wanner . The advantage of this arrangement , as the house must conceive , would be to fit the men to endure that climate , which had been heretofore so great a drain on our population . This drain he always understood to be aggravated by the practices to which the drafts generally resorted on their arrival in the islands . If they did not suffer from the common effects of the climate , they either fell victims to despair , or got into habits of intoxication which speedily produced their death . This furnished another reason for the abolition of drafting , and the adoption of the plan of preparation lie had sketched to the house.—Another head of reform which the right hon . gent . strongly felt it his duty to bring forward , would be the abolition pf corporal punishment , unless for acknowledged and specified crimes . Such punishments , he agreed with the correspondent he before alluded to , were by much too frequent and , too severe in the army . There were many means of correcting a soldier without resorting to them . Any offence that shame , fine , or imprisonment was adequate to punish , ought not to be the subject of corporal punishment . So much severity as was known to prevail was the more to be deplored , because it , was not necessary to the preservation of discipline . Discipline , if it be properly managed , will , like a machine well contrived and set together , move on with the less force . It is generally owing to some great fault in the original structure , or some great mismanagement and unsteadiness , in those to whom the machine of discipline is committed , that these excessive severities are at all 610 had recourse to . The reform which was so desirable on this point could not , he was aware , be effected , without a material change in the construction and conduct of courts martial . They must be more solemn in their proceedings , more deliberate in their investigations , something must be contrived to intervene in all cases between , passion and its effects ; some check on summary punishment must be provided ; it must be settled that no corporal punishment shall take place , no sentence of that nature shall be executed , without previously submitting the proceedings of the court martial to the review of the commander in chief . This last provision would , he was persuaded , have prodigious effect , particularly if combined with , a specific description of the crimes for which a soldier should be subject to corporal punishment . To such a description he could not conceive that any objection could be made . Certainly on the score of justice and humanity , it was much fairer that such a description should be promulgated , for the government of both officer and soldier , than that the latter should be left entirely to the mercy of whatever conception of crime the former might happen to entertain . He cared not how voluminous , this description of crimes might be , all he wanted was , that the soldier might know what was really to be deemed criminal . The penal code of this country , although death was almost in every line , did not terrify the great mass of the people , because it referred to such crimes as no proper man would commit ; nor would a precise