to the principles of strict justice and absolute impartiality . I would go further , and say , that , under all the circumstances that belong to this contest , I would not insist on strict justice in every particular , against the power in dispute with us ; and I hope the question , whenever it comes to be discussed , will be discussed with good temper and propriety . —I do not , sir , conceive it necessary , at this time , 35 to trouble the house with any observations , but I think it necessary to allude to a few things which have fallen from the hon . gent , who spoke last . The hon . gent , has expressed some degree of surprize that the nature of those communications with some of the continental powers , alluded to in his majesty 's speech , has not been more distinctly explained to the house . He has declared it to be impossible to judge of the necessity of making a communication of the recent overture of the French govt . without knowing on what terms our relations with those powers now stand . I confess it appears to me that the speech does state what is fully sufficient to warrant such a communication . It states distinctly , that confidential communications do subsist betwixt his majesty and some of the continental powers ; and it gives the house assurances of the magnanimous sentiments entertained by the Emperor of Russia , relative to the highest interests of Europe , as well as the security and independence of this country . All those then , who agree that in making , any peace we should look to the situation of the Continent , and think of the most effectual means of establishing those ancient relations which French ambition has overthrown , must be of opinion , that the speech does disclose all that it is now necessary to discover , and will acquiesce in the expediency of being satisfied with what his majesty has laid before the house . I admit , that a period will come , when the house will have a fair right to demand much more ample information , but I flatter myself it is fully aware , that circumstances may exist which would render it equally imprudent and impolitic to enter into a minute or particular description of our relations with the continental powers . I hope , therefore ) that the information furnished by the speech will , in the mean time , be received as satisfactory under all circumstances.—As to the other points to which the hon . gent , has alluded , being connected with subjects which will , in all probability , at no remote period , engage the attention of the house , I think it unnecessary for me to go now into any length of discussion . I can not , however , help saying a few words on what the hon . gent , has termed omissions in the speech . The hon . gent . began with expressing his astonishment that the state of Ireland was not even alluded to ; and argued , that till the situation , of the Irish Catholics was 36 taken into consideration , that country-never can enjoy any thing like permanent tranquillity or repose . In the broad view which the hon . gent , took of the question , it is impossible for Ireland ever to enjoy the smallest advantage from the union , fill the measures which he appears desirous of recommending are actually pursued . For my part , I entertain a very different view of the subject , for though Ireland certainly , has not derived all the advantages from the union , which that measure is capable of affording , I will maintain , that great advantages have already attended it , and many others may speedily be expected . But I beg leave to ask , how it comes to pass , that , though tour years have elapsed since the union , those measures which the hon . gent . now