convenient for that purpose . in explanation , adverted to the competence of any noble lord to move for a summons of the house on any given day . He deemed the opposition which noble lords , over against him , seemed inclined to give to the intended motion of his noble friend , for summoning the house for Thursday se'nnight , as rather extraordinary , even under the circumstances of the case ; the option , however , certainly rested with his noble friend . deemed the opposition which the noble lords in office seemed inclined to give to the discussion of his noble friend 's intended motion on Thursday , as most extraordinary , even on their own grounds . They professed their anxious wishes to have the subject fully understood and considered : why not then appoint a later day ? Friday , for instance . He saw no necessity whatever for positively fixing Thursday . shortly adverted to the great importance of the Spanish question , on the grounds alleged by his noble friends on this bench with him ; at the same time , he admitted it to be more regular and consonant to the orders and practice of the house , not to propose any particular day , until the papers were upon the table . in explanation , ad- 158 verted to the anxious wish of his noble friend to have a subject of so great importance fully considered and discussed . He did not mean to say the proposition of the noble earl was not of considerable positive importance , but he thought , its discussion should not interfere with the decision of parliament , upon a topic of such peculiar importance as that previously submitted to its consideration . thanked his noble friend for adverting to his anxiety to have the subject alluded to fully considered and discussed ; but he had forgotten his second consideration , which was one that equally operated upon his mind , namely , the propriety of having the question decided upon , with as little delay as the nature of the case would admit , in order , principally , that the public mind should be set at rest upon the subject . observed , that he saw not the least necessity for selecting the day chosen by his noble friend , as that for the discussion of the Spanish question . By what fell from a noble secretary , it appeared , that the papers which remained to be produced were , comparatively , of no great importance ; in that case , wiry should not an earlier day be fixed for the discussion ? If the remaining papers were of importance , and necessary to the due understanding of the subject , ministers were deserving of censure for not bringing them forward in the first instance . then moved , that their 1dps . be summoned for Thursday se'nnight for the consideration of the repeal of the defeuce act . Ordered . — Adjourned till Thursday . from the exchequer , presented an account of the nett produce of the permanent taxes for the year ending 5th Jan. 1805 . Ordered to be printed.—Mr . Pole presented the ordnance estimates for the year 1805 ; and gave notice , that he should move them in the committee of supply on Monday.— Lord W. Russell brought in a bill for raising a further sum of money for the prosecution of the Surrey iron railway . Read a 1st time , and ordered to be read a 2nd time.—On the motion of Mr. Long , it was ordered that the house should , at its rising , adjourn till Thursday , Wednesday 159 being the anniversary of king Charles 's martyrdom . — The bill for granting the usual taxes on land , malt , pensions , & c. were read a 2nd time , and ordered to be committed on Thursday.—On the motion of Lord H. Petty , the order made yesterday for a more particular account of the imports and exports to and from Spain , was discharged , and the account already