and zealous supporters of that bill , were in the house , no conclusion was come to against the returning Officer till he was heard in his defence . There was no other precedent which , bore upon the present case . With respect to the general question he should beg leave to submit a few questions to the house , which , to save them trouble and time , he should answer himself , and by monosyllables . Does the house , or does the law , give a copy of the charge against them to the returning , offi- 832 cers ? No.—Have the committee power to bring the returning officers to trial ? no ? —Have the returning officers power to oblige the committee to try them ? No —Have they the right of challenging any number of the jury by which they are to try them ? No.—Have they a voice in appointing them ? No.—Have they a voice in appointing nominees ? no . In a case where there were three parties , two were allowed to chuse nominees in the house , whilst the third was put upon trial without any such advantage . He contended therefore , that the sheriffs had aright to be heard by counsel . It had been frequently of late thrown in the teeth of the house that they could not examine witnesses on oath . This could never have been the spirit of the constitution , and if they had not that power , it was time they should have it , and he was sure no branch of the legislature would object to it . Here he thought it not amiss to advert to what had been the practice of the Irish parliament in similar cases . The question often occurred , and the practice had been to retry the sheriffs , and hear over all the evidence . This had been found troublesome and laborious to the house , and therefore they passed an act , whereby the copy of the charge was directed to be given to the sheriff , and the committee had power to try the whole case , so that decision was final and conclusive on the house . On a future day he , should move for leave to bring in a bill similar to that which had been passed in Ireland . He concluded by moving that the word `` now '' be left out . concurred in the object of the hon . gent . though he differed with him in his statements of facts , and the conclusions which he drew from them . He agreed with that hon . gent . in wishing the sheriffs to be heard by counsel , and on this subject there had been hardly any difference in the committee , whose sentiments he expressed . The whole of the evidence undoubtedly had not been laid before the house , but such parts had been selected as were best calculated to enable them to form a just opinion on the conduct of the sheriffs . All that dry part of the evidence respecting particular votes , which could throw no light on the subject , had been omitted . As to the assertion that the sheriffs had not been fully heard , he should say , that though the committee had informed their counsel that they need not attend during the whole of the scrutiny . 833 the counsel for the sitting member had attended to their interests , and were allowed the privilege of cross-examination . The noble Lord concluded with declaring his wish and that of the committee to be , that Counsel should be heard . thought it unnecessary to trouble the house , after the opinion that had been given by the noble lord . He should only observe , that all the arguments that had been used on a former day applied against the hearing of evidence , not against the hearing of counsel . The argument had been that the evidence on oath before the committee was better than any parole evidence . The house had decided