answer would be very ill applied ; for , as a bill for raising men , I say , that by getting rid of it , you can possibly lose nothing at all ; as to a substitute for it , as a tax bill , I say , take any thing . I have already avowed , myself a friend ^to the old constitutional force of the militia ; and I say now , that the high bounties of the militia do not arise out of that system itself . They arise out of the violation of faith with the militia . The principle of the militia originally was to engage country gentlemen to become officers , and to give little inconvenience to them in fact , to keep them in their own counties as much as possible . Something may have been gained by moving them about , in their discipline and precision , but there have been some disadvantages attending it . It is , sir , with great pride and satisfaction that I see in this country , noblemen and gentlemen leaving the hospitalities and splendour of their mansions to go out and discipline regiments of their countrymen in their service . But when I see faith broken with them , what am I to expect ? You put them into a situation in which they can not refuse to act contrary to their own wishes and intentions . Faith must be whole and unbroken , or it is nothing ; a breach of it in the slightest degree , is like a flaw in an indictment , and destroys the whole . Faith is a mirror , in which the slightest fracture destroys tb.6 perfection , and you may as well shatter it at once to pieces . When militiamen are intoxicated , and means are used to tempt them , and they snap their fingers in their officers ' faces , what an effect must it have ; and how can you ever expect low bounties again ? How differently used to be the inducement to the service ! But now men are almost certain of being tempted or entrapped into service for Holland , or Egypt , or some other foreign destination , you create the cause of these high bouutks.—One word on the subject of recruiting for rank . I confess I have not such strong 743 objections to this practice as some gentlemen entertain . When the country is pressed for men you may surely avail yourselves of this mode , especially in certain circumstances , such as formerly among the clans in Scotland , and even in some parts of Ireland . You may get men in this way more speedily than in any other in . some places , I can not think that the body of the army can suffer much , by a few men of title and rank coming into it , and getting up rather hastily . It is better for the country that men pf property , rank , and title , should be in the army , and it is much less likely to excite any jealousy . I must trespass a short time longer on the subject of recruiting for a limited time . When the universal opinion of the thinking part of the public , and of military men , is expressed in its favour , when we can do it as soon as we can say it , when there can be . no doubt that his majesty would listen to it , when we find that the minister 's own plan has totally failed , why should we not attempt it ? I will not dwell further on the many reasons for it that have been so ably argued before . But I dislike much the . taking of poor ignorant boys , and fixing them in the army for their whole lives . A great lawyer has considered even the necessary mutiny act as an anomaly in the law and constitution of the country . Why should such anomalies be extended ? Why should you , in this