settled understanding among the public , that this is to be the condition of enlistment before it can have such fair opportunity of operation as to form a judgment upon it . There had been so much confusion and perplexity in consequence of the frequent and rapid succession of changes that had of late years taken place in our military system , that a great degree of jealousy , distrust , and uncertainty had prevailed among that class of men who generally entered into the army . Until that class should feel that the mode of enlistment he referred to would be established as a general principle , he did not think the efficiency of the plan could be fully and fairly judged of . Whether , or not it should become necessary in the course of the session to call for higher measures for our military defence , he hoped that a plan , recommended by so 508 many men of great military experience , and by the obvious principles of human nature , would be brought under consideration . Such a plan , operating in conjunction with the old and simple mode of recruiting , would , it was his firm conviction , he much more effective than all the complicated machinery introduced by the bill under discussion ; a bill , the repeal of which would not , as was pretended , involve the necessity of resorting again to the Army of Reserve Act . This was a bugbear which some noble lords bad conjured up in their fancy . If this bill were repealed , surely the house would not abrogate its legislative functions ; and if an additional force were found to be necessary , the house would be free to enter into the subject , and it would be hard indeed if , without much exertion of mind , it should not devise a more efficient project for raising such a force than this bill presented . The question , upon the whole , for the consideration of the house at present , he thought to be shortly this : was an additional force necessary , or was it not ? If it was , this bill was useless towards obtaining it ; and , if it was not necessary , to allow this bill to continue was pregnant with mischief and danger . Upon this he would rest the whole argument . With these impressions before me , said the noble lord , I have thought it unnecessary as well as improper to argue this measure on personal grounds . I have ever cautiously avoided that mode of treating any public question . It has always appeared to me the more regular , becoming mode , to argue the principle and merits of the measure without any reference to the motives , feelings , or character of the persons by whom such measure is supported or opposed . Such is the line of conduct I have pursued on this occasion . I should be sorry to say that any individuals are influenced in their public conduct by unworthy considerations , and least of all , should I say that which my thoughts would not warrant respecting the individual to whom my noble friend ( Mulgrave ) has particularly alluded in the course of his observations . My noble friend , feeling hurt by some personal remarks , which he conceived addressed to himself , has thought proper to make my personal conduct the subject of discussion I am accused , if I understand the accusation , of having passed a great part of my life in terms of intimate friendship , with a person of great weight , 509 and high rank ( Mr. Pitt , ) and having acted for many years in concurrence with him against an opposition , comprehending persons of great ability and consideration in the country . To this accusation I plead guilty . I have lived from early years in habits of the warmest friendship with the right hon . gent , alluded to , and I do not think there is any thing in the present