, when there appeared said , that as he deemed the bill to be bad in principle , he must object to its being entertained at all , though , as there was other important business before them , he would not push his opposition so . far as to take the sense of the house upon it in the present stage . He thought it came with a peculiarly bad grace in a time of such distress , that there were societies forming in the metropolis , and other places , for the purpose of supplying the poor with provisions upon moderate terms , to which this tax would oppose no small impediment.—The bill was then read a. first time . informed the house , that , upon looking into the bill for levying a duty upon horses , it was found that it would be impossible to divide it , as he had proposed doing on a former night . The body of the bill contained nothing but matter of regulation which might apply , generally , to the collection of the duty on any description of horses . The amount of the tax was afterwards specified in a schedule . He should therefore , move that the duty upon agricultural horses be expunged from the schedule , as that appeared to be the exceptionable part ; and he would afterwards bring in a separate bill for the levying of that tax.—The bill as far as it relates to the tax upon all other horses but those employed in purposes of husbandry , was then passed through a committee of the whole house , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday . pursuant to the notice he had given some time since , rose to move for the continuance of the powers granted to the commissioners of naval enquiry . To those who were not in the house at the time when he put some questions to the 678 gentlemen at the other side , whether they had any intention to prolong the commission , it was necessary for him to state , that he had put such questions , and had received no answer ; and this was the cause of what might otherwise appear extraordinary , that the motion for the continuance was brought forward by him . Every person must admit , that the object of the commission , which was , to inquire into the irregularities and abuses connected with the navy , must be desirable . The persons appointed had , in the two years they had been in office , pursued the enquiry with an industry and integrity deserving the highest approbation ; and their merit was established beyond the necessity of further proof , by the reports they had laid on the table of the house . At this moment they were still actively continuing their investigation , and they had yet much to do . The duration of the act by which the commission held its powers was uncertain . The act of the crown , which was but another term for the will and pleasure of a minister , might put an end to it in a moment , by proroguing parliament only for a day . The duration of the act was fixed , at its passing for two years , from the 29th of Dec. 1S02 , and to the end of the next ensuing session of parliament . If parliament had met , as in the usual course , before the 29th Dec. the act would have held in force for another year . It was probably in the contemplation of parliament , at the time of the enactment , to afford an opportunity for the renewal of the act , if it should be thought advisable , by allowing the whole of a session of parliament to make a motion to that effect , in addition to the greater part of the session in which the expiration was likely to take place . He made this motion thus early in the session , because the commission was issued by act of parliament