that committee had stated that various bounties might be withdrawn if the salt duties were repealed , though these bounties were given for things having no connection with salt . He would perhaps find , however , that in these works salt was employed , otherwise the committee must have been devoid of common sense , which he knew they were not . The restrictions and revenue laws must be multiplied in consequence of this duty . The difficulty of finding a substitute would be increased by the additional duty . He concluded by reading a statement made to him by a person who had long been in the employment of the fishery , explaining the ruinous effects of being restricted as to the quantity of salt used ; and said that the salt duty was certainly one of the greatest impediments to the improvement of the fisheries that at present existed . stated , that the report of this committee had been ordered to be reprinted under an impression , that the printing of it should not cause any delay to the bill . The salt duty was collected at an expence of only 2 per cent , being less than any other tax required in the collection . The fisheries could not be effected by the tax , as they would continue still to have the duty free . said , that there was one point which he wished to have exactly ascertained . It seemed to be agreed that the salt of Scotland was inferior in quality to that of England . He wished to know exactly the degree of difference between them . On the one hand great injustice might be done to Scotland , in case the consumption was great , and on the other hand , in case the food used in Scotland was much easier 793 cured , such as salt-fish , than the food in England , then some injustice might be done to the poor of England . He wished to know exactly how much more than a peck of salt in Scotland , it would take to render it perfectly equal to our English peck . —The repost was then brought up , and agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday.—Adjourned . rose , and observed , he thought that no apology was necessary for calling the attention of that house to the subject upon which he had announced his intention to bring forward a motion ; its intrinsic importance and great magnitude , were so evident as obviously to render any thing of the kind unnecessary . In discussing a subject the nature of which was equally extensive , various , and important , a variety of arguments and considerations , founded on the multiplicity of facts , presented themselves to his mind ; but among those which struck him , as the most prominent and forcible , was the contradictory nature , as well as the great inefficacy of the different measures of the two last sessions , for ameliorating the military system , and augmenting the military force of the country . The perusal of these , he thought , would be sufficient to convince every discerning and unprejudiced mind of the total absence of all system , regularity , and connection , in the various measures which had been devised , It was impossible , from the consideration of the acts alluded to , to collect that even the intention of the framers was to create a disposable force in the country . Neither in the plans which had been adopted , or in the course of their execution , could such an object or intention be traced . In the measures which had been suggested , there was nothing like order , regularity , or system ; every step that had been taken added to the difficulties , and departed wider from the attainment of the proposed object . Such was the conduct of the government on these occasions , that it reminded him of the situation of an unfortunate man plunged into an abyss of difficulty