arable land , and this , computing one quarter of corn to each individual in the kingdom in the year , would amount only to an additional charge of 1½ per annum , a sum , he apprehended , not so alarming , nor any thing , likely to check the growth of corn . said , he was perfeetly convinced the operation of it would be to take away all inclination to agricultural improvements . There were at this moment fewer horses employed than when the last tax took place , and there could not be a doubt but that , from this additional tax , the number would continue to decrease , which must of course prove an injury to the general interests of agriculture . It would prevent the bringing of marle from any considerable distance , and render the carriage of every kind of manure more difficult and tedious , from the decrease in the number of horses . He was thoroughly satisfied , that if the tax took place , the same quantity of corn would not be grown as had been heretofore , which must prove highly injurious to the country , and contribute to enhance the price of bread . It was , he said , an old , and he believed , a true saying , that when poverty once gets into the stable , it will not be long before it makes its way into the house . He warned the right hon . gent . that the farmer might be induced , in many places , to substitute oxen to perform the offices of agriculture . In every part of a country like this , there would be always a prevalence of local prejudices ; he could wish they were not so common . In Norfolk , where farming was carried to a great degree of nicety , he believed there was no such thing known as the use of oxen in husbandry , but it was otherwise in many other counties , and might be brought into far more general use in those counties where there was more grazing land . If the farmer did not receive a fair remuneration , there could be no doubt his corn would grow less . From all these considerations , therefore , he should certainly vote against the motion . argued that the present tax would bear heavily , in particular on the holders of mountainous farms , where six horses are sometimes required to do work which two could perform in a low flat country . He hoped also that there would be an exemption , if the bill were persevered in , of horses under 14½ hands high . said , that although farms of 20l . a year were exempt , yet thousands of small farms were now subject to the tax , and ought to be relieved from its pressure . opposed it as immediately pressing hard on agriculture , and would not soon fail to fall on the consnmer . He had , however , one objection to the tax entirely , and that was , a breach of faith with the farmers . They were only to be taxed three-fourths of their rents , which was an estimation of his profits , and you can not lay a direct tax on the profits of the farmer without making an alteration in his property tax ; for if you lay a tax on him , you diminish his profits , which can not be done without a breach of faith . contended that the arguments of the hon . gent . who spoke last , proved too much , and therefore ought not to weigh in the consideration of a measure of this nature . said , that he agreed with all his hon . friends , that a more injurious tax could not be proposed . If we are to bear additional burdens , that can not be done without attending to the principal resources of the country . He was doubtful as to the real policy of the corn bill , but sure he was