, that only 5000 men had been gained for the general service in the first instance , and the remainder of the increase by measures which the hon . gent . had reprobated , so that only one-third of the increase had been supplied by the means that had been employed . Some small addition had been made to the cavalry , but when it was considered how favourite a service that was , the supply was by no means such as it ought to be under proper encouragement . If the troops employed on colonial service , which were all set fast to answer the local demands , and could not be detached , except , perhaps , en small expeditions , for no man could suppose that the troops in garrison at Gibraltar , & c. would be safely employed in that way , all the regular infantry we had to dispose of , amounted only to 53,000 men ; and , indeed , if we took off the amount of foreigners , we should find it to be only 47,000 British infantry . This was all we had for any important and unexpected demand whatever , whether it were at home , or for any effort in any great continental operation that might be undertaken . As for the Foreign troops , it was , doubtless , very proper to have them in our pay ; but one could not help being struck a little with the character of these foreign troops . Soldiers of this description were generally supposed to be for general and unlimited service , ready to go any where . But a greater part of them were Canadian Fencibies , and New Brunswick fencibles . The house would , however , think it odd that in these foreign corps were included 4 or 5,000 native troops of Ceylon , armed , he supposed , with bows and arrows , From what he had stated , it would be evident , that something more than the present measures was necessary to fill the ' vast vacancy in the army , and after having shewn what 604 were our military prospects , he was satisfied that every body would agree in the necessity of resorting to the wisdom parliament , for that something that was necessary to be done . In saying that it would be right to resort to the wisdom of parliament , no man , of course , could be supposed to mean his own wisdom ; but the more he felt himself incapable , and the more he looked to others , as more competent to point out the measures that ought to be adopted , the more necessary it was to resort to the wisdom of parliament , and of the nation . As , however , in the event of his motion being agreed to , he should feel it his duty to submit his sentiments on the subject in the committee which it was his intention to propose , he thought it would not be altogether out of place to stats summarily the particular objects to which his observations would apply . And here he begged to disclaim all systems , his object being only to remove the obstructions which at present interfered with the regular supply of the army , and to restore our military establishment to the old way of recruiting it . He had already shewn from experience the ruinous effects of the system of ballot , that had first created , and afterwards continued , the difficulties in keeping up the numbers of the army ; and he was confident that the fault was with the government . Wherever difficulties and impediments were felt in any branch of the public service , it was a priori to be inferred , that the fault lay with the government . He was aware , however , that no minister could , as had been boasted by Pompey the Great , raiset in army by stamping his foot on the floor . The creation of an army would be a work of time . He was not