only 5 shillings , yet the retail dealer would certainly raise it to six , if not to a still higher price . He wished gentlemen to bear in mind , whether this addition would not , to a poor cottager , prove a very serious addition . Now , as to the effect of the tax , so far as respected our agriculture , he had consulted many of the best judges in the kingdom , and they were all of one opinion , that the total repeal of the salt duties would be one of the most important measures which could be adopted . They all allowed , that if salt free of duty could be employed on a large scale , it would be productive of incalculable benefit . It behoved gentlemen then well to weigh this before they consented , to a fresh , imposition , by which the use of salt in agriculture would be in a great measure prohibited . Here the same arguments as applied to the fisheries could not be employed , because a drawback could by no possibility be employed . Conceiving , then , the tax in all points of view impolitic , he most heartily supported the motion of his noble friend . said , he had received the most positive instructions from his constituents in Cheshire , to oppose a measure always so injurious to their interest , at the 701 same time , he could not refrain from returning his thanks to the right hon . gent . for the candid hearing he had given to the gentleman deputed for Northwich on this subject , although unfortunately their arguments had not produced the desired effect . also spoke shortly against the tax . From his own intimate experience , he was sure that it would be highly detrimental to the fisheries . When the last tax on salt was imposed , over a great extent of coast , the curing of fish was for a considerable time almost wholly suspended . In many parts of the country where the people almost wholly lived on salt provisions , the tax would be productive of much serious inconvenience , even misery . He strongly recommended the substitution of some other tax in its room , as the present was unjust in its principle , and impolitic as well as oppressive in its operation . was decidedly against the measure . He had no doubt that if the war had not broken out , the suggestions of the committee on the salt duties would have been carried into effect . The only question was ; if the salt duties had been repealed , what other duties should be resorted to to cover so great a deficiency in the revenue ? The argument of the right hon . gent , opposite , that the tax would not be oppressive , because it would only make an addition of 4 or 5 shillings to each family , was totally unfounded . The fact was , it would create an addition to this amount in every individual of a family , and would any one deny that this would be a most heavy and serious pressure ? Hitherto it had been the object of the house to exempt from taxation all articles of indispensable necessity to the sustenance of life . Other articles of convenience or luxury might be given up , but here , it was proposed to lay a very severe impost on an article admitted on all hands to be an article of primary necessity , and one which was essential not to the comfort only , but the very existence of the lower orders . Salt was like leather , and candles , and a few other articles , which only deserved the name of necessaries in the strictest sense of the term . The house were aware that a tax on such articles was attended with inconveniences far greater than the bare amount of the impost in the first instance . The moment the tax was promulgated the , retail dealer took advantage of raising the article taxed