in the system of moderation upon which they had hitherto acted . To act longer upon such a system , under such discouraging circumstances , would not be to give way to the influence of generous sentiments , or honourable feelings , but to enable Spain , under the dictation of France , to accumulate resources , and armies , and fleets , and arsenals , to be at the disposal of France : and for what purpose ? France might at once demand the contingent of 15 sail of the line and 24,000 men ; she could moreover demand , that Spain should put into activity the whole force that she 369 could command . At any moment it was in the power of France to call for the whole , cither of the treasure of Spain or of the blood of her subjects , unless the contingent succours should be deemed sufficient ; and for what purpose ? the purpose of aiding the French in the war against this country ; for a purpose announced at the very outset of the war , continued through every stage of its progress , and never once suspended , but in practice , for the purpose of destroying the power and independence of this country ; for the purpose of overthrowing this noble barrier against the encroachments of French ambition on the liberties and independence of mankind . The duties of the ministers of this country were , by all these circumstances , rendered extremely delicate and difficult . Standing at the head of the affairs of a nation like this , to be at once moderate and forbearing towards Spain , and wise and provident to G. Britain ; to feel and to vindicate the justice of their cause , yet to mitigate the rigour of justice as far as true policy and the safety of the state would bear , was indeed a trying situation , and required the utmost prudence ; particularly when they were sensible that Spain might be pushed on to war with us , though ruin might be the consequence to her , provided her cooperation could in any manner facilitate the projects of the ruler of France for . our destruction.—Having stated these general principles as applicable to the state of our relations with Spain , it remains to consider how they have been followed up . Gentlemen will see in the papers on the table the instructions by lord Hawkesbury to our minister at Madrid , so far back as Oct. 1802 , instructions which I am confident all must approve . They will there see that the first object of our policy was , if possible , to detach Spain from her degrading connection with France , and if that was impracticable , at least to endeavour , that in case of any future war , either a system of neutrality should be settled , or at least that hostilities with her might be deferred as long as possible . It can not be questioned that these principles were acted upon by our minister , and that every effort was made to prepare the minds of the Spanish govt . for these alternatives . In June 1803 , instructions were given to . Mr. Frere to demand from the Spanish govt . a renunciation of the treaty of St. Ildefonso , nor will any man , I believe , dispute that the instructions to which I allude , as to the points to 370 be insisted on , are fully justified by the laws of nations.—It is needless for me to dwell upon the question , how far the limited succours in the treaty of St. Ildefonso would have been consistent with the neturality of Spain , as that makes he part of the case . I must say , however , that it never was admitted that we were bound to acquiesce in those succours being given ; so that all argument founded upon the commutation of assistance in kind into pecuniary aid are inapplicable , because , if we did not admit the one , we were certainly no way