to be appointed to militia commissions . That circumstance alone pointed out the necessity of the reduction of the militia . He felt perfect relief and satisfaction at this reduction , though he wished the military to be kept up in the volunteer force of the country . He did not wish the volunteers to be kept up at the expence of the other descriptions of force ; our security lay in the diversity of our military means . The volunteer force was the tribute of a free people in support of a free constitution . He did not see any grounds for the motion , until experience should prove that the bill could not succeed : but , though it should succeed to the extent of his noble friend 's expectation , even then he should think it would require revision and alteration . It had been stated , early in the debate , that he had characterised it as inefficient . He had always thought the army of reserve bill a necessary measure ; and when this measure was opened , the ballot was induced in its provisions , which being afterwards given up , he had stated that rigour had been abandoned for inefficiency . But it had been said , that it was not the intention of the noble earl who moved for the repeal of this act , to repeal it without proposing something more effectual in its stead . He should have been glad to hear what this something was . Was it the restoration of the ballot ? That was a measure which had been universally reprobated . Was it by a draught from the militia ? That also was a subject which would require consideration . Was it by service for a period to be limited ? That would , not answer any good 498 end . By that very system had the high bounties been created , and to procure men in that way , similar temptations must again be resorted to . The present bill , however , he was happy to think , whatever it had done , it had done without interfering with the other measures which had formerly been pursued , and which he himself in a great measure had recommended . The German legion had been increased to the extent he had proposed ; black corps had been established ; regiments for rank had been raised . He saw nothing improper in the practice ; he objected to it if pushed to the extent that it had formerly been , where persons were put out of civil life , and placed , in the course of a short time , at the head of the army . But he could see no reasonable objection to giving a military officer a step in rank , as in the present mode , and of allowing a meritorious individual an opportunity of finding men with advantage to his country , instead of paying money for a commission.— During the time that he sat in another house , he was not unused to the charges of incapacity , inefficiency , and other illiberal epithets of the same nature , which had been with more profusion than decency applied to him , and to the measures which he bad proposed . Whatever his talents might have been , whatever portion of judgment and vigour of intellect he possessed , they had always been applied honestly and assiduously to promote the advantage and security of the country . Having nothing nearer his heart than the glory , the happiness , and the prosperity of his country , he might , perhaps , lament that he did not possess greater talents than those with which he had endeavoured to promote those great objects . But as to neglecting to provide for the defence and security of the state , that was a charge he could never acquiesce under , and which he found himself called upon peremptorily to the repel . He would refute that charge from whatever quarter it came , by referring to monumental records before parliament From those it would