. For this , however , there was , nothing but the assertion of ministers . These were not grounds for the house to act upon . Parliamentary evidence of the necessity of the measure was requisite , before any consent could be constitutionally given , unless in a case of ultimate necessity . No such case existed in the present instance , or indeed was even attempted to be stated . He begged however , that their lordships would not misunderstand him . Whether or not insurrection or even Strong disaffection existed in Ireland he knew not . God knows , said his lordship , that as a private individual , I am much in 587 the dark en this subject , and certainly , as a member of parliament , I am completely ignorant respecting it . Many respectable lords who are members of this house , and who have , come from Ireland , have told us that there is a necessity for this measure . With me certainly their testimony is not without its proper weight . In deference to what they say , I am willing to admit that there may be a strong probability that the measure may be necessary . But as a member of parliament , I know nothing of the matter , and therefore it , is , that an inquiry appeals to me of so much importance . In what situation then am I placed ? I can not say that the bill is not necessary . Ought I therefore , to allow it to pass without any inquiry ? No certainly . As . I , as a member of parliament , know nothing of the matter , the burden of the proof lies upon these who propose it . The plain line of conduct for me to pursue then would appear to be not to shew that it is not necessary , but to give it my opposition , because it has not been proved to me that it in necessary . His lordship concluded with saying , that there was , at all events , no parliamentary ground for agreeing with the recommendation of the noble lords on the other side , and , in the absence of all such proof he could not agree to dispense with the established orders of the house . If it should happen that the act should expire before evidence of the renewal reached Ireland , he presumed the government there would know so much what was required of them , as to continue it in force for a few days , and he knew that in doing so they would be indemnified by parliament . If , however , it , was the resolution of their lordships so far to overturn the ordinary resolutions of that house , as to allow the bill to go through more than one stage in a day , he thought they had better carry it through all its stages this night . expressed his astonishment that the noble lord should have argued against a measure , which , on former occasions , had been adopted without any previous inquiry , and when there were no stronger grounds for it than on the present occasion . A bill of this kind had been passed year after year , without any parliamentary investigation , but merely on the notoriety of facts ; it was not objected to in the manner it was at present ; and would any one pretend to say , that there were not circumstances at this 588 moment as strong as any which had hitherto existed , to warrant an act of this kind ? It had been stated that Ireland was at this time in a situation of great tranquillity , that there were no disturbances , no insurrection in that country . That such appearances might exist there he would not pretend to deny . But experience had taught us , that appearances were not to be trusted to . Every noble lord who heard him must recollect , that at a time when Ireland was understood to be in