bring with them such a pleasing disposition to mutual agreement and mutual forgiveness , that there never will be any more differences between them . The right hon . gent . on the floor has talked of a junction and a coalition of discordant parties . But let me tell the right hon . gent . that he is the last man iii the world who ought to throw out taunts against that coalition . Did he find fault with it last year ? Would he be sitting in the place he now occupies if it were not for that coalition ? Would the `` weak , imbecile administration , '' as he called it , have been turned out ? Or , to complete the climax , does he believe that this bill would have passed , if that junction which he now treats with contempt had not been effected ? With respect to the question of coalitions , my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , has , in my opinion , said quite enough to repel any charge of that kind . I have always been of opinion , that unless public men can be persuaded to lay aside their animosities on past transactions , which do not necessarily influence their conduct in different circumstances , it would be impossible to continue that species of government which has existed in this country since the revolution . For instance , what is there to hinder those who formerly differed about the American war from agreeing as to the policy of this country towards American independence ? Or what is there to prevent those who differed about the late French war , from concurring in the measures to be adopted in another war ? But what has been the conduct of the right hon . gent ? What were the grounds of his opposition to the late administration ? It was not this or that measure that he objected to , but he arraigned the whole of their measures as the offspring of folly , weakness , and Heaven knows what else ! Did he not publicly brand them with the epithets incapable and imbecile ? Did he 777 not insinuate that they had as little honour as sense ? And has he not restored all those weak and incapable men to the ministry , with all their unfitness ? Even all this violence and personality could be surmounted , and the right hon . gent . may say to his new allies , `` though I called you fool , though I called you imbecile , though I represented you as not possessing more virtue than understanding , yet now I have got your places , I do n't care if you are regarded as a very meritorious , sensible set of people . `` —I know it is not regular to advert to what took place on a former debate , but before I proceed to examine the bill itself , I wish just to take notice of an observation made by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , that besides the vast merits of this bill , the improvement of our naval situation has been so great as of itself to be an argument against any inquiry . The right hon . gent . has thrown out a challenge respecting the merits of the late and present naval department , which , I trust , will in the course of the present session , be accepted ; when possibly , the late board of admiralty , which has been subjected to so much uncalled-for censure on the part of the right hon . gent . opposite me , may , when they come to be weighed against each other , be found to possess as much vigour as the present.—All those who recollect the speech of the right hon . gent . when he proposed this famous bill , which was to work such instantaneous prodigies , must remember that the professed object of it was to raise `` forthwith '' a very considerable number of men . But what