income 4,000l . a year , which was stated to be , as in the case of Mr. Barré , `` in full satisfaction of all wages and fees , and other profits and emoluments , previously enjoyed by former treasurers.—The additional sum of 2,150l . granted to Mr. Barré , not producing him a net annual income of 4,000l . owing to the taxes and other charges on the additional sum , the grant to lord Melville was therefore increased , and a clause was inserted in the warrant , authorizing him , in case the additional allowance should not make up in each year the net sum of 4,000l . to charge the deficiency in the annual account of monies disbursed by him for fees of divers natures.—A warrant , similar to that granted to lord M. has been given on the appointment of each succeeding treasurer.—Mr . A. Douglas , who acted as paymaster under lord M. , being dead , we had recourse to his lordship for information , whether the conditions of the warrant had been complied with ? To the question put to lord M. , Whether , during the period of this treasurership , he had derived any profit or advantage from the use or employment of money issued for carrying on the current service of the navy ? —he objected to answer , under the 5th clause of the act by which we are constituted ; which provides , `` That no person shall be compellable to answer any question which may criminate , or tend to criminate such person , or to expose such person to any pains or penalties ; '' and upon the ground of not disclosing delicate and confidential transactions of government , alluded to in his letter to us of the 30th of June 1804 . We shall defer the discussion of this objection , as coming more in order when we speak of the 2d part of his 2d treasurership.—His lordship having objected to answering this question , and Mr. A. Douglas his paymaster being dead , it was not in our power to pursue this enquiry further ; otherwise , we should have thought it our duty to investigate the manner in which the public money had been employed , and the extent to which the use of it had been carried . We however deemed it necessary to ascertain , whether his lordship was aware of the conditions of the warrant , and what construction he put on 1155 hem . By his answer to a question for his purpose , we learned that he certainly lid consider the additional salary granted to him to be in lieu of all wages , fees , profits , and other emoluments , previously enjoyed by former treasurers , excepting only coals , candles , and some such small contingencies . When a treasurer of the Navy has gone out of office , it has been usual to continue to make the payments in his name to the end of the month in which his successor has been appointed , to prevent confusion , and the necessity of making out two accounts for the same month . The payments were therefore continued in lord M. 's name to the 30th April 1783 , at which time he stood charged with the sum of 220,446l . 14s . 9½d . We have entered in the Appendix , an account , shewing the amount of the sums received and paid , and the balance with which his lordship was charged on the 31st of Dec. in each year during his Ex-Treasurership ; by which it appears , that no payments have been made upon that account since the 31st of Dec. 1795 , when the balance was reduced to 5,563l . 6s . 2¼d . This balance was paid over to his lordship about the time of his quitting the office of treasurer a second time , in Slay or June 1800. was appointed Treasurer on the 11th April 1783 , and continued in office until the 4th Jan. 1784 . The accounts of his treasurership have not yet