of apprehension from these preparations was removed . No man could seriously believe that Spain had hostile intentions . If any thing had been wanting to convince us of her pacific intentions , her conduct on this occasion ought to have removed all ground of suspicion . He condemned ministers most warmly for issuing those orders which had produced such unpleasant and unfortunate consequences ; which had plunged in war two countries having no cause of hostility to each other , without inquiry into the information which admiral Cochrane had transmitted from Ferrol . He meant no reflection on the character of that gallant officer , but he had transmitted erroneous information , both as to Carthagena and Cadiz , in none of which ports were there the least symptoms of preparation . The pacific views of Spain were , indeed , manifest to all Europe , and it was the height of absurdity to talk of her armaments . It had been said by the hon . and learned gent . that the armament at Ferrol was at least mysterious , and remained so . On the contrary , there appeared every reason to believe , that Spain considered that armament no violation of the existing agreement ; and indeed its being so speedily countermanded most clearly evinced that it could never have been undertaken on any system of hostility to this country . With respect to that armament , however , lord Harrowby , in his second letter , admits that it might not only be capable of satisfactory explanation , but might even be such as this country would approve its continuance . Much had been said about the refusal to communicate the treaty of subsidy , but , in fact , from what appeared in the papers , no formal official demand of its communication had been made till Oct. just before Mr. Frere 's departure from Madrd . Nor was this , in all probability , an accidental omission ; for the circumstance had frequently been the subject of conversation , particularly on an interview with the prince of peace , when the latter referred Mr. Frere to the Secretary of state for Foreign affairs , M. Cevallos ; and though Mr. Frere had resolved to demand a conference , in order to state the question to 455 the secretary , it seemed that no such conference ever took place . Nor was it perhaps a matter of blame that the official demand of this communication was deferred , because ministers might have seen that , there was no immediate occasion for it . The certainly had it in contemplation , on the recal of Mr. Frere , to send a person every way qualified for the station , Mr. Wellesley , to negociate on the whole state of our relations with Spain ; and if that recal was proper , for the sake of avoiding prejudices that might Lave been hurtful to the success of any negotiation in the hands of Mr. Frere , after the difference with the prince of peace , it surely would have been proper also to have recalled his brother , whose connection was calculated to keep alive those very prejudices which the recal of the former was intended to prevent . The demand of the treaty , however , was at last made officially just before Mr. Frere left Madrid , and at a time when it must have been manifest that war was resolved on ; although indeed there was nothing in lord Harrowby 's instructions that authorized Mr. Frere to leave Madrid , if in the first instance the claims he had been directed to insist on were not granted in all their extent . Besides , though not formally communicated , it was pretty evident that ministers were acquainted with the terms of the treaty , and perhaps too from confidential communications by the Spanish govt . Yet even the refusal of the communication of the treaty could not be considered a justification of the war , so far as the capture of the frigates was concerned , because that refusal was subsequent to the