such hands as those of the nobleman now at the head of the Irish govt . the moderation and lenity of whose measures had shone so eminently conspicuous . In that part of the country with which he was more immediately connected , he was happy to know that the utmost loyalty and tranquillity prevailed ; but he had lately heard that some resolutions of the magistrates of the county of Waterford had been published , in which they state their determination to apply to govt . to revive martial law , if the seditious did not desist from their daring conduct . He had thought it his duty to make some enquiry on this subject , and several gent . assured him the advertisement he alluded to did exist , and was called for by the sense of the magistrates as to the state of the county . He appealed for the truth of this statement to an hon . bart . opposite ( sir John Newport ) , who had delivered his sentiments on the subject on a former evening . Such , he was convinced , was the existing necessity which called for this bill , in many parts of Ireland , that numbers of those who had been formerly most clamorous against it , were now most 477 earnestly anxious for its adoption ; and so far from being deemed a grievance by the loyal inhabitants of the country , nothing more acceptable to them could be done than to pass this bill . said , that being called on by the last speaker , he should offer a few remarks in support of the consistency of the opinion he had formerly thought it his duty to deliver . He did not deny that there were appearances of disaffection in some parts of Ireland , but he never could admit the principle , that because one part of a kingdom was deficient in the duty they owed to their king and country , the whole kingdom was to be placed beyond the pale of the common law of the land . He was aware of the proceedings to which the hon . member alluded , but he thought that they afforded no reason whatever for the measure now before the house . The fact was , that the principal offenders in the county of Waterford were now actually in gaol and liable to be tried by the judges of assize . It was not therefore to be argued , that the proceedings referred to offered even an excuse for a bill which had a tendency to place the whole people of Ireland beyond the protection of the common law . On a former day he had not argued that the measure in question was unnecessary , but what he called for was an inquiry to demonstrate its necessity . Nothing short of a notoriety extreme and uncontradicted , could , in his opinion , justify this measure , and conceiving that this necessity had not been made out , he had moved an amendment , the object of which was to institute that inquiry , by which only a fair decision of the house could be formed . He wished the business to be probed to the bottom , and he never would submit to the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , unless on the clearest grounds . opposed the bill . It was , he said , highly improper to pass a measure of this sort without a previous inquiry . He would ask any dispassionate man , whether it was fair to the people of Ireland to treat them with less respect than the people of G. Britain ? This bill was sown in suspicion and reared in jealousy , and might be attended with the greatest miseries to the people of Ireland . The only reason for all this was the traitorous committee at Paris . By the total omission of any mention of Ireland in his maj. 's speech at the opening of the session , he 478 was inevitably led to conclude , that no doubt whatever was entertained by