until he has consulted certain powers , not allies indeed , but powers with which he has certain discustions , certain confidential intercourse . As I said before , it is impossible to judge of the propriety of all this , until we know the nature of that confidential intercourse j though if I did know it , I might , perhaps , be one to approve of it ; but how can the house approve of a statement , the occasion and circumstances of which it does not know ? —There is one omission in the address which I own has a great deal disappointed me . After what passed three or tour years ago on the subject of the Catholics of Ireland , I did expect , when I heard the name of the lion , mover , that the very first communication from the throne would have had a reference to that subject . I did hope , that his majesty would have been advised , by some one of his present ministers at least , to recommend to parliament the taking of that subject into consideration , in order to afford to us the full effect of the union , and to give to that part of the united kingdom that advantage which I think so essential to its peace . I say , my surprise was increased at this omission when I first heard the name of the hon . gent , who moved this address . I can not help lamenting , that in the speech from the throne , there is not one word expressive of an intention to recommend that subject to our consideration : a subject so important , that if it be not speedily taken into consideration , no honest man can say there is any thing like stability and security to that part of the British empire . Nor could I collect any allusion to that subject even from the speech of the hon . gent , himself . He spoke indeed of the defensive state of Ireland ; but that is a subject I shall not now discuss . I hope Ireland is well defended ; but I know the best defence of Ireland is that which is the best defence of England , and of every country in the world-—the pure affection and united attachment of the people to the govt . under which they live , and by which they are protected.— There is another omission , which , although not less important , is still more surprising . I have observed on former occasions , that when measures have been taken by parliament for the purpose of increasing the power of the country , it was usual for his majesty to compliment us ( when I have thought , very often , we had ill-deserved it ) on the wisdom of our measures , but 33 how many such compliments may have been just , ( for I hope they were not all unjust ) , I will not discuss , nor to whom they were to be imputed . Some have declared , what others have denied , this to be a new administration ; and that the measures we have now are more vigorous . Be that as it may , I expected we should have been told something of the efficacy of our measures , not merely alluding to the discipline of our volunteers , the skill of our navy , and the public spirit of the people ; but that we should have heard something by way of commendation of some of our measures ; but no notice is taken of any thing of that kind . Nothing is said of that measure which was supposed to make the whole difference between an administration of imbecility and that of vigour ; I mean the measure of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) for the improvement of our military system . I expected we should have heard something of the difference between the two , but not a word . I believe that measure is now allowed to