but it was a motion for an address to his majesty , to remove his present ministers : upon this , however , he observed , that were certain persons to be admitted to his majesty 's councils today , they would not remain in that situation for three mouths . did not by any means consider the motion of his noble friend in that point of view ; it was a motion replete with wisdom , and well deserving their lordships consideration . The noble secretary of state set out with a pompous enumeration of the number of forces raised for the protection of the country and annoyance of the enemy , and of their state of discipline . The most ample means had been put into the hands of his majesty 's ministers by the votes of both houses of parliament ; but , with all these advantages , he would ask , what had been effected ? Was it a situation for G. Britain to be in , after two years war , after having been menaced during the whole of that time with invasion , and with 800,000 men in arms , not to be able to retort those threats upon the enemy ? he was at a loss to know the drift of the noble secretary of state 's argument , when he talked of such a number of men in arms . What he wanted to be informed of , what he wished to be assured of , was that we had the means of maintaining a successful war against the enemy . That we had not only a sufficient force for the defence of the country , but a regular disposeable force to annoy the ene- 818 my on his own shores , and to retaliate that menace of invasion , not by words alone , but by actions . With respect to the volunteer force , it was returned as 300,000 effective men ; it was not his intention , who was nine or ten years himself a volunteer , to depreciate that measure , he considered it a most efficient and excellent measure in the hands of a wise administration . This most respectable force was raised and organized the last war , upon the renewal of hostilities ; they only waited for some constitutional call to come forward to a man , to give confidence to the govt . and to deter the enemy . What measures were then resorted to ? nothing was left to voluntary exertions : the gentlemen of the country were called upon to head their neighbours and tenants , and to animate them by their example ; but no sooner was this effected , than new methods were resorted to , to cool their ardour and damp their spirit . Inspecting officers were put over them , the strongest proof of the mistrust of govt . of those very persons on whom they affected to depend ; but , notwithstanding all this , they continued with unabated zeal to protect their country . With respect to the regular army , which he considered the most important part of the service , his great object was , that we might retort upon the enemy , and assert the dignity of the British nation , which could only be done by a regular , numerous , and disposable force . It was stated , that this force amounted to eighty thousand men , for which number he would give full credit , however a considerable deduction should be made for the army raised for a limited service ; taking , therefore , the regular army , artillery , & . what would be the whole amount out of 80,000 ? not more than 40,000 , he contended , would be found effectual . Was this number meant to strike terror into the enemy ? What , then , was to be said of his majesty 's ministers , at the head of upwards of 16 million of people , amongst whom the greatest emulation prevailed against a particular enemy , after three years war , only procuring