that had been just submitted to the 615 house . In adverting to those arguments , he should abstain from having recourse to those common places which his right hon . friend had deprecated ; as he should not be disposed to dispute the propriety of the measure he proposed for a parliamentary inquiry , if the case existed which he supposed , either that government had not done any thing , or very little for the defence of the country , and the improvement of its military means . In those principles he agreed ; he only differed in the application . Before he should proceed , however , it was necessary to set himself light with his right hon . friend , because of the indignation and astonishment which he supposed him prepared to feel , on finding any person declare himself an advocate for the bill of last session . He was prepared to justify that measure , though he should not contend that it had succeeded to the full extent that had been expected ; but this was not the proper time to pronounce to what degree it had failed . He begged to remind his right hon . friend that the bill had two objects , one to raise a large present force , and the other to become the source of a permanent supply for the army . This latter object had not yet been tried , and until that should be done , it could not be fairly decided that the measure had failed . The latter object was by much the most important one , and that which had induced many gentlemen . who felt dissatisfied with some of the details of the measure , to agree to it . That part of it which related to the permanent force had not yet been tried , the measure having had its operation hitherto confined to raising the immediate force , and filling up those vacancies which previously existed . What then did he infer from this ? That they should try the merits of the measure , not from its effect in the first case , but on its success with respect to the more important object . The operation of the bill commenced with filling up existing vacancies in districts that had been before ex-exhausted of means by the army of reserve and the militia , and , because it had not succeeded in such districts , he contended that it was not fair to conclude that it had failed in its diffusive operation all over the kingdom . He did not insist on this as a conclusive argument , but he looked upon it as a sufficient one against those who dwelt on the total and general failure of the measure . It had been urged that it neither had succeeded in filling up the va- 616 cancies , not in procuring a permanent supply for the army ; but he should refer gentlemen to the effect of the measure which this had succeeded , and in whose place it stood , he meant the army of reserve , and they would find that it had yielded 10,000 men this year for the army . Did that prove that the hope of a supply from such a measure was visionary , and ought to be abandoned ? Were there not other reasons also to shew that it ought not to be given up ? When they looked to the circumstances of the country , exhausted of men by the army of reserve and the supplementary militia , there could be no surprise felt at this measure not having had immediate and complete success . There was another difficulty to its operation which had arisen from the opposition that had been made to the measure last session , and the report that an effort would be made to obtain the repeal of it early in the present . These circumstances had thrown a damp in a great measure on the zeal that would have been exerted in carrying provisions into effect , which might afterwards turn out to be nugatory .