staled with regard to the assistance demanded by France from Spain—but he would read lord Hawkesbury 's words , `` If the Spanish govt . should state to you that they Conceive themselves to be under the obligation to furnish to France the number of troops , and 388 ships which are stipulated in the treaty of St. Hdefonso , but that their co-operation will extend no farther '' —What then ? Here is a foreseen case—had any thing arisen not foreseen , an opinion might have been directed to be withheld—but here , upon this case , in which the circumstances that must influence a judgment are distinctly pointed out , lord Hawkesbury goes on to say , `` You will refrain from giving any Opinion upon this measure , but will content yourself with signifying , that you will transmit the information of it to your court . '' ( See p . 62 . ) Mere is a satisfactory dispatch ! It commences with professing to inform our minister how be is to act , and in continuation directs him to refer again to his own court . This truly was but a very inauspicious opening to this negotiation . So early ns the 3d of June , 1803 , we find Mr. Frere beginning to detumid explanations in a note to M. Cevallos , and in a dispatch soon after to lord Hawkesbury , he mention 's his answer . This , by the way , tie would observe , was one of the many communications , which but for the motion he had submitted to the house would never have been prod-aced on their table . Notwithstanding that motion , however , no dispatches had appeared from our govt . to Mr. Frere , between the 2d of June and the 24th of Nov . The right hon . gent . had endeavoured to shew that there were no circumstances during that period which required that fresh instructions should be sent to Mr. Frere ; but this appeared to him to be by no means clearly established . it was surely very material , at a time when Spain was engaged in a negotiation with France , the avowed object of which was to settle the amount of the pecuniary succours which she was to contribute in lieu of the contingent of troops and vessels , that our minister at the court of Madrid should have been putts possession of the most ample and minute information of the way in which he should conduct himself to that court . Mr. Frere 'S dispatches of the 5th and 15th of Aug. which were received on the V2th and 50th Sept. must have sufficiently apprised ministers of the urgent demands made by France on Spain , to furnish either the contingent or the pecuniary succours in lieu of ft. Was it not incumbent on our govt . He enter seriously into the discussion of this most important question , and to have communicated to Mr. Frere the result of their consultation , that fee might know de- 389 cidedly how to act ? But instead of this , after hearing of the French negotiations at Madrid , the administration of this country sent not a single instruction to Mr. Frere , from the 2d to the 24th of Nov. but left him to conduct himself entirely at his own discretion . In that time he might have unadvisedly committed the country in the most serious and irrevocable manner . To him there appeared , in this interval , the most unpardonable remissness in the minister for the foreign department , a remissness which , in his mind , no explanation could extenuate.—As the right hon . gent . had passed lightly over the circumstance of the conveyance of French troops through Spain to Ferrol , he would follow his example , although he had considerable doubts in his mind whether there existed any thing in that transaction which could be construed into a breach of neutrality.—We now come to lord Hawkesbury 's dispatch to Mr. Frere , dated 24th Nov. 1803 , on the great importance of