of 475 Ireland ? He trusted such a species of unproved representation would never be admitted by that house as a justification for placing the liberties of his maj. 's subjects at the arbitrary disposal of any individual , however respectable ; and no man entertained higher personal respect for , or a more exalted opinion of the lenient character of the noble lord at the head of the Irish govt . than he did . But it was not in the power of one or two individuals at the head of affairs to attend to every particular case throughout the whole extent of Ireland , especially when all the passions of individuals were alive , and personal animosity was seeking to wreak its private revenge by means of aggravated and frequently unfounded crimination . Could these one or two upright individuals in the situation in which they were placed , apply to every case the same impartial justice , and the same fair examination which would be given by a jury of 12 men deciding on all the circumstances ? It was impossible they could , and yet this was the sort of substitution which the house was called upon to sanction without any inquiry whatsoever . It was matter of notoriety , that , even under the mild and moderate administration of the Marquis Cornwallis , characterised as it so eminently was by caution , by deliberation , and by lenity , yet many persons suffered punishment under existing prejudices , misrepresentation , or false proofs , whose innocence was afterwards fully demonstrated ; as was instanced in the case of the Rev . Mr. O'Neil , of Youghall , the mention of whose very severe sufferings did so much honour , on a former occasion , to the feelings of a right hon . member who noticed the subject . Numbers of cases were also extant , even in the history of this country , to shew that arbitrary power had rarely been placed in the hands of individuals without being abused ; and even going no farther than the administration of the Alien Bill , how many hundreds of innocent individuals have suffered , even with the best intentions of his maj. 's ministers , through the false or malicious misrepresentation of enemies . And if such abuses could occur in dispensing a law to a few aliens , how much greater was the liability of such abuses under a law attaching upon the millions that compose the population of Ireland . The noble lord did not mean to deny the possibility that sufficient cause for such a bill might exist ; 476 all he meant to insist on was , that there was wanting the notoriety and publicity of any existing cause that could warrant the legislature in passing such a bill . He should , therfore , whenever the bill came into a committee , move that its operation be limited to two months , unless satisfactory proofs should be adduced to shew the necessity of its longer duration . said , that no man more seriously deplored than he did the necessity for calling on parliament to pass such a bill ; but he was still convinced , that necessity was imperious and pressing . The house would recollect , that when a similar bill was brought forward , in the year 1802 , arguments precisely similar to those offered this night by the noble lord , were opposed to it by those who could not be induced to believe in the lurking sedition then brooding in Ireland : but , unhappily , the dreadful rebellion which burst forth in the Irish capital , in the summer of 1803 , but too strongly verified the apprehensions of those who were advocates for the bill , of which number he was one . It was for the want of such power in the hands of the magistrates that year , that sedition had gone such lengths , and that sedition would again gather new strength , if not timely prevented , by renewing those powers ' which were not likely to be abused in