be not less advantageous , to the revenue than to the people of Scotland . If so , then , bow could ministers justify the imposition of a farther salt tax upon that country ? stated the reason for the former reduction of the salt tax in favour of Scotland to be this , that as the Scotch people manufactured their salt from sea water , they were subject to an increased expence for fuel . On that account this allowance was made , which it was still proposed to continue , and he contended , there , fore , that the people of Scotland had no reason to complain . As to the produce of the revenue arising from the salt duty in Scotland contrasted with the bounty , he admitted that it was not considerable ; but then its reduced amount proceeded from the frauds that were known to exist , and the smuggling with Ireland , If , however , the hon . gent. , would look into the , bill before the house , he would see that such provisions were introduced into it as were calculated effectually to prevent those frauds in future.—A . division took place upon the motion , ayes , 128 ; noes , 58 5 rnajority,70 . gave notice , that he would to-morrow more for the exemption of mi- 711 litary officers , below a certain rank , from the payment of this tax . announced his intention of opposing any proposition for the exemption of any class of men from this tax , as contrary to the spirit and equity of the measure , and calculated to undermine the whole contribution . called the attention of the committee to this tax , as it affected the property in the funds , belonging to persons resident in Ireland . This , he conceived , to be contrary to the principle of the union , which , proposed to leave the resources of each country applicable to the treasury of that country . It would be also contrary to the policy which dictated an exemption in favour of the funded property of foreigners , which arose from a wish to induce foreigners to vest their money in our funds . The operation of this , tax with respect to persons resident in Ireland would , he observed , be still more severe , for this reason , that according to the act , the English agent would be obliged to make a return of the whole property of his principal , and thus the same person might be subject to the payment of the same tax in both countries . Under those circumstances , the hon . baronet proposed a clause to exempt from the tux such property in the funds as belonged to persons who pay the hearth money and the window tax in Ireland . did not think the object of the lion , baronet attainable in the , way he proposed . stated , that when he before mentioned the subject , he was told that the committee would be the proper place ' to bring forward this proposition observed , that the proposition of the hon . baronet could not be entertained , as no previous instruction to the committee had been voted . As to the proposition itself , he was surprised to hear it stated , that it involved a violation of the principle of the union . It was not less agreeable to that principle than to the precepts of common equity , that the property in each country should be subject to the taxation , and appropriate to the treasury of that country . This was precisely what this tax , objected to by the hon . bart . proposed ; and , on the same principle , the property in the funds of Ireland , belonging , to persons resident in this country , would be subject to the taxation , and applicable to the purposes of that country , should it be through proper to lay a tak on 712 such funds . By the same parity of reasoning the land