the house to accede to the proposition he had to submit , for an adjournment of the disscussion . This proposition would not , he hoped , be resisted , as it must be obvious from the lateness of the hour , and from the number of gentlemen who were anxious to deliver their opinions upon the important subject under consideration , that it would be impossible to bring the debate to a close in the course of the night . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving , that this house do now adjourn . said , that although it was his wish , that if possible , the , debate should be brought to a conclusion in the course of this night ; yet as > there were 409 many gentlemen still anxious to speak upon this subject , and whose sentiments the house and the country would be naturally desirous to know , he should not object to the accommodation proposed.—Adjourned at 2 o'Clock . presented a petition from the trustees of the British museum , stating , that in consequence of the expence attending the enlargement of the building for the purpose of depositing the Egyptian antiquities , the sums allowed by parliament had been inadequate , and therefore praying further aid . observed , that as the subject was now before parliament , it might be necessary to make an observation . He thought that this national museum ought to be made more what it was originally intended it should be , and particularly that it should be rendered easier of access . It was an institution intended purely for national purposes , and for the benefit and instruction of the public at large , by ready 410 and uninterrupted access to the valuable matter it contained . said , that when he last stated the expences of the British museum , he had said that the orders which gave access to it , for the purpose of viewing the curiosities , might be obtained by persons of every description . He understood that if any person desirous of visiting the , museum applied on one day , he was admitted the day after . observed , that among the various articles in the museum , there were some extremely rare and valuable , particularly books and manuscripts . He was of opinion , that without proper precautions , it would be very dangerous to suffer all sorts of persons to have promiscuous access . said , that in the countries on the continent , particularly one where there was a valuable collection , of medals , he had never heard of any inconvenience arising from persons having access at all hours . He did not mean to infer that the trustees of the British museum were not willing to accommodate the public , but only to remark , that if those regulations were attended to which were adopted in other countries , greater facilities might be offered to the public , especially to foreigners . said , that happy it was for this country it did differ from others . Perhaps if a man stole a print from the museum in France , he would be shut in prison for life.—The account was ordered to be laid upon the table . A motion was also made for a return , specifying the number of persons admitted to visit the British museum within the last six months , and the regulations attending their admission . Ordered.—Dr . Grey presented at the bar , the general account of the British museum for 1804 , and estimate of account for 1805 , and also the British museum new building account . rose . He began by apologising for preventing any gent . from being heard , but upon so momentous a question he was anxious to deliver his sentiments at as early an hour as possible , being conscious that when the patience of the house was at all exhausted , he could not hope to engage that attention , which others of greater experience and known talents could command at any period of the-debate