inconsiderately discarded ? But I feel it my duty to take a fuller view of 752 the subject . Here it appears , as far as experience has proceeded , and as far as we can possibly judge from that experience , that we may reasonably expect an addition every year of no less than nine or ten thousand men to our regular forces . And are we then to be told that the measure has proved altogether inefficient ? It is true , from the experience of the three months I have referred to , I can not pretend to form a conclusive opinion , but certainly I have a much better right than the gentlemen on the other side to offer an opinion on the future effects of the bill . As far as experience extends , these three months are a pretty good proof that the bill has answered its end , and a tolerably fair presumption that it will continue to answer its end still more successfully in future . It is true , that the same favourable result may not continue to be experienced , but with stronger probability I may say , that results still more favourable may be experienced . Let gentlemen consider under what circumstances the bill has hitherto operated , and they will see that this is no unreasonable anticipation . Let them reflect what has been the drain of men on the country for the last eighteen months : first , the militia were balloted for , immediately after the supplementary militia were raised , and then came the army of reserve ; so that in G. Britain alone above 100,000 men had been raised in the short space of a year and a half . If then , under all the unfavourable operation of these circumstances , the bill has produced the effects which I have described , what may not be expected from it when these circumstances are removed ? One great evil which the bill was intended to destroy , was the removal of those excessive bounties which the army of reserve had created . While the recollection of these high bounties existed , it is not to be imagined that moderate bounties could have had a fair chance of success . When , however , the memory of them is in a certain degree obliterated , which it must of necessity be , I entertain no sort of doubt that the bill will be found fully adequate to all the purposes for which it was framed . We are therefore hitherto not entitled to calculate its effects in all their extent . I have stated what probability justifies , and what actual experience has proved ; and therefore I have completely succeeded in proving that the reasons adduced by the hon . gent , in support of the repeal , ought not for a moment to 753 be entertained by the house . The hon . gent , has attempted to argue that the measure is not at all calculated to produce the end it professes to have in view ; but in what manner he has supported his arguments I leave it to the house to judge . The hon . gent , seems totally to forget that hitherto the bill has operated only on a partial and limited scale . It has been applied only to the deficiencies in the militia or the army of reserve . Its effects have not been felt over the great bulk of the kingdom . Where it has hitherto been tried , it has had to encounter very formidable obstacles . It has been applied chiefly in those districts where men could with the greatest difficulty be found , and therefore it is the less to be wondered at , if it has not answered in all their extent the wishes or expectations of those who originally supported it . Even under all the hazard of the penalties for the army of reserve and the militia , the men could not be procured in the places to which I have been referred ; and I will put it