; but least of all , that it was to be looked up to as a part of our military establishment . Next as to the Militia , which he would describe in two words , by allowing that it was as good a force as it could possibly be , and that it went far beyond the designs and expectations that were formed of it at its institution . It had attained the highest perfection it could possibly reach , but the vicious principle of the ballot on which it was founded , had the most pernicious effects on the means of supplying our general military system . There were but two ways of supplying an army , by voluntary services and by compulsion . The armies of 598 most other countries , he believed , in some measure , of all , were how supplied be compulsion . France recruited her armies by conscription , he believed , not to the exclusion of volunteers ; old France , he believed , recruited entirely by volunteer service ; Russia recruited by compulsion ; so did Sweden ; Denmark in a great degree ; Prussia altogether ; and Austria chiefly by means not very remote from these ; Britain raised its forces by volunteers alone , with the exception , of the train bands . The consideration of a bounty of one guinea , or a guinea and a half , could not have presented any inducement . The inducement was the state and condition of a soldier , and the bounty served only to wet the bargain . Here the right hon . gent . traced the history of the militia , from its institution in 1756 , from the impulse of shame , at having Hessians and Hanoverians brought into the country to defend it . This was considered as a cheap force which would lie by in time of peace , and go to grass till it was wanted . Thus , being a force of a mixed description , it lost the advantages of both those between which it was intended as a mean . Our foreign and our home defence were intimately connected . The loss of its greatness would be to this country equivalent to the loss of its existence , for when it ceased to be great it would cease to be at all . There could be therefore no question of the legitimacy of the right of calling for and enforcing personal service , if there was a necessity of calling for it . It was not necessary , however , to have recourse to compulsion , and it was not legitimate as we could do without it . There were other measures more constitutional and more consistent with our former practice , which there was still room to hope might be successful . Such was the system that had existed before the ballot had been introduced , a poison that had of late spread so widely and been so destructive . This poison had long lain dormant . There was a spirit in the lower orders of the people , which would not for a time suffer the ballot to be enforced . From 1756 to 1774 , the beginning of the American war , the ballot had never once been enforced , but in this period there was certainly included nine years of peace , from 1763 to 1774 . At that time , there was no system of substitution , no bounties , growing out of it . From that time the increase of bounties commenced . The govt . was before the only bidder in the recruiting market , and 599 the recruit took the condition of a soldier , with a guinea to make it a wet bargain . Then the limit of time and of space in the obligation to find a substitute in one 's own district , when the price was increased to govt . all over the country , in so much that ten guineas were given in the American war . Then a remedy was adopted similar to that which our farriers