a minister , and that statement itself containing such vain and futile grounds . The passing of this act 18 months ago , without any previous inquiry , can not be justly urged as a precedent to induce even those who agreed to it , to accede to the present motion , for the circumstances are not at all analagous . The alarm created by the intelligence received of the riot in Dublin , afforded some excuse for the precipitancy with which the proposition of ministers was then adopted . It was carried on the spur of the occasion , and some might have hoped , that when there was time , ministers would communicate more satisfactory grounds for the existence of such a measure , or that the house would institute an inquiry to ascertain the necessity of its continuance . These ideas might have influenced the acquiescence of some gentlemen in the conduct they then pursued . But my right hon . friend took a different and a wiser course . He urged the necessity of previous inquiry , and had I been present , I should have certainly supported him , although I should have had to resist the argument of another right hon . friend of mine , who I understand maintained that the bill for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act should , under these circumstances , be immediately passed . ( Here Mr. Sheridan , towards whom Mr. Fox looked , signified his dissent . ) Then , resumed Mr. Fox , I am glad it is a mistake . I am happy to find that my right hon . friend , was not among the number of those who 329 were deceived in the expectations which induced them to vote for that measure ; which , although it has been now 18 months in existence , no inquiry has been instituted , nor have ministers communicated any further information to the house on the subject than what was contained in his maj. message—That my right hon . friend was right , notwithstanding the statement of the right hon . gent . in supposing that this measure was dropped , will not , I think , be denied by any candid man who considers the circumstances . After having given notice of the motion some time back , the hon . bart . put it off sine die . The right hon . gent . has said that the reason of that postponement was the press of business : but that need not have prevented the hon . bart . from mentioning some day for bringing it forward again . The omission to do so appears to betray something like a design to take the house by surprise , or to raise an argument out of the shortness of the time between this and the expiration of the act against the delay of any previous inquiry . If , without such inquiry , you enact this measure , upon the mere statement of a minister , upon such evidence , as , according to the principle of the right hon . gent . is sufficient to establish the necessity of a legislative act of this nature ; namely , the view and opinion of his maj. ministers , you may as well pass an act at once to invest the executive govt . with the power to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act whenever it pleases . To apply to this house for an act of the description proposed by the right hon . bart . upon such authority as he has mentioned , is quite a mockery ; and to answer that appeal by concurring in that act , will , in my mind , amount to little less than a virtual abandonment of our legislative functions . For what means an application to our judgment , unaccompanied by such information as is necessary to qualify that judgment to decide ? I can not understand the curious distinction which the right hon . gent . has drawn with respect to the character of Lord Harwicke , as applied to this measure . My right hon