of ordnance for his maj. 's land forces in Ireland , 503,2041. ; to replace a similar sum advanced by the exchequer in Ireland for the service of the ordnance office , 129,2301. ; for the service of the office of ordnance in Ireland , 470,7651 . 4s . fid . ; the resolutions were agreed to without any comment , and the house being resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.— Adjourned . said , that in the absence of his noble friend , ( lord Grenville ) it fell to his lot to put the motions of which the noble lord had given notice , and the tendency and nature of which he had yesterday explained . The first of these was for the production of the result forwarded to govt . by Mr. Frere , of the information which he intimates in his letter of the 5th of March , 1804 , it was his intention to take the first opportunity of requiring from M. Cevallos , relative to the treaty between France and Spain , on finding that the prince of peace did not chose to give him any information on that subject , but referred him to M. Cevallos.—After some explanation between lords Mulgrave and Darnley , said , that after every inquiry which it was in his power to make , and after perusing all the papers on the subject , which were to be found at the foreign office , he could only say , that the existence of any such communication as that alluded to , was altogether unknown to him ; nor was he aware that govt . had ever been in possession of the result of such communication , farther than was to be collected from an allusion to the subject in No . 14. of the second volume of papers before the house , ( see p . 183 . ) —On this assurance the motion was allowed to drop.—The second motion was for production of two notes from M. Cevallos to Mr. Frere , of the 23d and 24th Feb. referred 257 to in M. d'Anduaga 's Letter to Lord Hawkesbury , of 30th March , 1304. said , that no such notes existed , if they could not , as he believed they did , be supposed to apply two notes of date 23d and 24th Jan. the former of which was among the papers on the table , and the latter had not been produced merely because it entirely regarded another subject , the island of Teneriffe , not now in question.—This explanation being esteemed satisfactory , this motion was also withdrawn.—Several other motions followed , for production of answers by lord Hawkesbury , to the letters from M. d'Auduaga , of the 9th and 30th March , 1st May , 23d Dec. 1804 ; to all of which it being answered , that no such papers existed , or in the nature of the communication were to be expected , the motions were withdrawn.—The next motion was for the production of an account or minute of the communications and explanations made by M. d'Auduaga to lord Harrowby , as to the preparations making at Ferrol , which the former of those gentlemen represents in his letter , as being such as either were , or ought to have beet ) , satisfactory on that head.—This motion was agreed to.—The last motion was , for the production of the instructions sent by this govt . to Mr. Frere , at Madrid , authorizing his declaration to the Spanish govt . that if the condemnation of Brit , prizes in the ports of Spain was not put a stop to , he should consider the refusal as a termination to his mission at Madrid , said , that , from being himself in the foreign office at the time , he thought he was warranted in stating , that no instructions of that kind had ever been sent to Mr. Frere , farther than the general instructions contained in the papers on the table of the house . How far Mr. Frere might have