the ? report of the committee , without the advantage at least of hearing counsel . The committee had given to the house with its report , the evidence that had been taken before it , in order to enable the house to ascertain , whether the resolutions were borne out by the evidence ; and be maintained , that no hon . gent , would consistently agree to them , until be was convinced of their being so borne out He did not argue that all the evidence should be gone over , but that gentlemen should have the assistance of counsel to guide their judgments upon that which had been laid before there He understood that the noble lord who , had so ably presided over both the Middlesex committees , intended to support the motion for hearing counsel , and he hoped , the committee would act with the same , noble impartiality . There was one preliminary question which it was necessary to establish here . If the sheriffs had not been , heard at all , neither the right hon . gent opposite , nor any other gent . could contend that they ought not to be heard . If heard at all , they ought to be heard fully ; and what evidence had the house , to what extent they had been heard , whether to their own satisfaction fully , completely and impartially ? It appeared indeed that ; they had been heard , but he denied that they had been folly beard ; and if the house should decide against the hearing of counsel , it would be better for the returning officer not to be heard at all before the committee . Besides , the whole of the evidence was not before the house , but such parts of it as the noble lord and the committee bad selected as sufficient to en- 831 able the house to form a judgment of the conduct of the sheriff . In his mind the whole evidence should be had for that purpose , and counsel ought to be heard to ascertain whether any more than they had was necessary . The sheriffs had no notice of their conduct having been under consideration until they accidentally heard of it , and when they applied to have the consideration deferred until after the whole of the case should be gone through , in order that they might have the benefit of all the evidence that might be produced , which was denied them . They had but a single day to prepare their briefs and defence , and that was five mouths previous to the resolutions being adopted by the committee . There was nothing , he contended , in the act , which gave the committee a power to try the sheriffs . The right hon . gent . Had triumphantly stated that the whole matter of the petition was referred to the committee . This he admitted quoad the seat , but not as to the sheriffs , any more than as to peers who might have interfered in the election , or any other persons not implicated in it . The committee quoad the seat , acted as a petty jury whose decision was final ; but resembled a grand jury in their proceedings , touching such other matters , the house having reserved to itself the right of final decision upon them . In the case of Mr. Davison , no mention had been made of him in the petition from Ilehelster , though something came out in evidence before the Committee which they made the ground of special report . What course did the house adopt ? Did they send him to Newgate ? No , they sent him to his trial . All the precedents were against the opinion of the right hon . gent . In the Shoreham case , which had occurred within a year after the passing of Mr. Grenville 's Bill , whilst Sir G. Saville , Lord J. Cavendish , Mr. Dunning , and Mr. Wedderburne , who had been the most strenuous