the question was not whether the bill was necessary , but , whether they should pass it without enquiry . The noble secretary spoke of his veneration for the habeas corpus , and yet in his actions sported with it in the most wanton manner . What had ministers been doing for the six weeks that parliament had sat , not to bring in this most important bill in time to allow the house to discharge their duty to the country ? alluded to the experience of 10 years past , the arrival of the French in Bantry Bay , and the rebellion in 1803 , and contended , that if the bill were not passed , there would be French emissaries in every part of Ireland . was averse to granting such a power to any set of ministers , and least of all to the present ; for it was known that they were totally divided among themselves as to the treatment of Was there any such notoriety ? If there the Irish people . One set of them had gone out of office expressly because they could not obtain for the Irish what they thought they deserved , and what would keep them loyal . The other had come in on the express condition of withholding from the Irish this boon . Could he consent to give to such men this tremendous act without inquiry ? declared his conviction of the necessity of the bill , and at the same time could not figure any objection as to the propriety of discharging the two standing orders of the house , which , instead of being an infringement , was in itself a recognition of their privileges remaining in full force . was of opinion , that the node of proceeding with respect to this bill was directly in the teeth of the established farms of the house . It was a rule which ought always to fee most rigidly adhered to , never to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act except in cases of the last extremity . Now , he would ask , was there 586 an insurrection in Dublin ? Was the danger so very imminent that no inquiry could be entered upon in consistency with a proper regard to the salvation of the country ? Was a rebellion actually raging in Ireland ? If there was nothing of this sort , then it was pregnant with the most pernicious consequences to the constitution , to agree to this measure without an enquiry . Inquiry would compromise the lives of no witnesses ; it might be conducted with the greatest caution . No danger could be apprehended from it to the country . It would destroy no sources of intelligence , and upon no possible supposition could it reasonably be considered as calculated to produce any harm , la the course of last war no less than seven or eight enquiries had been instituted , and not one of them was attended with any pernicious consequences . It was true that this was not a new measure , it had been passed on the spur of the occasion , when a formidable insurrection was said to prevail in Dublin . No inquiry had been appointed at that time , nor , indeed , was there time for any in the light in which the danger then appeared . But as there was no inquiry at the original passing of this measure , so much the more occasion was there for an enquiry at this time . The ministers rested their arguments for this bill upon the notoriety of the case . Was such an insurrection in Ireland , why was not this fairly stated ? If the disaffection was such as to render this measure necessary , why was an inquiry refused ? So far was the disaffection in Ireland from being notorious , that no allusion was made to it in the King 's message . On , the contrary , the constant assertion had been , that it was in a state of tranquillity . It was now said to be notorious for disaffection