the representations that were addressed to him on this subject ? That the armament is destined for a secret purpose , but that it needs not excite the jealousy of any European power , the ships being but hall manned . If 426 Spain were disposed to contravene her engagement with this country , French finesse would have suggested a happier mode of concealment . Accompanied as this answer was by the want of preparation in every other port of Spain , its truth could not be doubted . On M. d'Anduagua 's being questioned by lord Harrow by , he professes utter ignorance of the subject , and two days after brings an officer belonging to one of the regiments composing the armament at Ferrol , with letters stating that the object of it was to quell the insurgents in Biscay . This , Mr. Frere , in a subsequent dispatch , confirmed , and expressed his conviction that such was the fact . Some of the minister 's arguments operated in two contrary directions and destroyed each other . If the agreement to suspend hostilities were advantageous to France , she would not have instigated Spain to break it ; if war with Spain were more advantageous to France , we shall be losers by precipitating ourselves into it . It was inexplicable how , on such instructions as were contained in lord Harrow by 's dispatch of 29th Oct. , Mr. B. Frere could judge himself warranted in making the communication of the treaty with France , and the reduction of all armaments in Spain an ultimatum . The hon . gent . severely reprobated a passage in one of Mr. Frere 's notes to M. Cevallos , as being justly offensive to the court of Spain , and disgraceful to the court of G. Brit . It mentioned the influence of France on the Spanish councils , asserted the dependence of Spain on that power , and insinuated the consequent distrust of England . These circumstances were true , but this rendered it more improper to hint at them , and he was well assured that this conduct of the British charge d'affaires was strongly reprobated by the whole corps diplomatic of Europe . But this was nothing to a subsequent part of Mr. Frere 's proceedings . He censured the letter of Mr. Frere of the 18th Feb. to the Spanish minister M. Cevallos . He considered it a disgrace to the person who wrote it , and such as never before had been , or ever again he hoped would be , sent by the minister of one great nation to that , of another . Having read it , he said he considered it was a wanton insult of the strong against the weak . Such conduct he knew met the reprobation of those who were best acquainted with the language of diplomacy in Europe . He wished the right hon . 427 the chancellor of the exchequer to consider how he would feel , if such language were held forth to him by the minister of a foreign power ; No man was more proud than the right hon . gent . none had more right to be so , because none possessed in a more eminent degree those qualities which raised erne man above another , than that right lion . gent . ; but he would venture to ask what would have been his feelings , if any minister had addressed him , as Mr. Frere had addressed the minister of Spain in the letter alluded to ? He then proceeded to observe on the inconveniences we had brought upon ourselves by the principal measures we had taken or this occasion . Had we conciliated Spain , its neutrality might have continued , and with a favourable opportunity it might have risen into consequence in the states of Europe ; it might have become a powerful , a proud , and independent state , and might have assisted us in humbling the pride of France , but now we had furnished France with , an excuse for overturning Spain with