Biscay . Mr. Frere stated at Madrid his apprehensions respecting that armament , to which M. Cevallos makes no other answer , than that they were not intended to hurt us ; not that they were collected in order to quell the revolt of the subjects of Spain . With respect to the real views of the court of Madrid , in the first agitation of the plan of her armament in the harbour of Ferrol , it must strike every body , therefore , that the persons the most likely to know , either gave them quite a different destination from that insisted on by M , ဟAnduaga , or refused to give any satisfactory account whatever of their destination . It was not until after the receipt of those dispatches of M. ဟ Anduaga , in which the report occurs of the justification set up by him of the conduct of his court , that either M. Cevallos , or the governor of Gallicia say , that their object was to quell an insurrection in Biscay ; and it 381 will doubtless strike the house , that the justification by M. ဟ Anduaga was gratuitous^ in other words , was a justification , the production of his own mind , and not in any sense founded on the instructions from his court : and indeed , there are but too many reasons to think that the armament was in the utmost degree hostile in its principle . It was scarcely possible that it could be at first intended to act against the revolted province . What appears to me , sir , unavoidable to our viewing it in any other light is , that the preparations for it should have been throughout of a pacific complexion , of a spirit and tendency in the highest degree neutral . If the force had been wanted to quell an insurrection in Biscay , and that it had been proper to have sent such force by sea , Spain had abundance of small craft in which to transport her troops ; and such she would have been bound to have chosen , if her purpose was what she had finally stated it to be ; thereby avoiding all appearance of hostility . In the second place , if she must employ her ships of war , what was more obviously likely to have been her course , than to have taken out their guns , and armed her vessels en flute ; and not have ranged them alongside the French and Dutch ships in her hostile harbour of Ferrol ? Add to this , that Spain has no ports , or none at which she could , with any hope of safety , land troops , in Biscay . But where and when was Spain to laud her troops , if we grant for the sake of the argument , that such was her intention ? Why , sir , in the Bay of Biscay ; that bay , incomparably the most tempestuous in Europe ; and in this bay , the dread of the hardiest mariners , she was to land her troops , in the midst of the equinoxial gales ! As to the other documents which have been laid before the house , which may be supposed to affect the information received from admiral Cochrane , undoubtedly , sir , in a statement from our consul at Cadiz , it is reported that there were , at the period he wrote , no armaments going on there . But two naval officers , one of them capt . Gore , writing on the 5th of Oct. reports very differently . Still the information from our consul might very well have been such as to give an idea that there were no armaments , or none that were considerable , going forward , at the time when he was drawing up that information . For myself , sir , I have no doubt in my mind of 382 the existence of the armaments in question . In order to demonstrate to us the hostile dispositions of the court of