as major-generals , brigadier ? generals , and inspecting officers . If either of these could , with all its appendages , be dispensed with , it would form a 253 saving of expence that ought immediately to be attended to . For the purpose of volunteer discipline , he repeated , that those general officers were unnecessary ; and for the purpose of returns , the inspecting officers would fully answer . The original appointment of such a number of generals arose , he was aware , from a blunder committed in the very outset of the volunteer system . From this blunder , a confusion was likely to arise in case the volunteers were called into action , upon the score of rank among the volunteer officers , and also in consequence of the incapacity of those officers to direct the Operation of a body of troops . To guard against such an effect , the appointment of some regular general officers to command the volunteers , but not by any means such a number as appeared in the estimate on the table , became advisable . The ex-pence incurred by this increased number , he admitted , was small , if the purpose for which the increase took place was great ; but for such purposes as those described by the right hon . gent , it was much more than ought to arise . Upon this subject lie thought that explanation more satisfactory ought to be given than the house had yet heard . compared the estimate of last year with that now under consideration , and asserted that his original statement was correct ; that in the sum proposed to be voted , there was an increase beyond the vote of last year , of 134,0001 . He referred to the two estimates for the proof of this difference , notwithstanding the positive assertion of the right hon . secretary at war.—The motion was agreed to . then moved , that the sum of 2,663,751l . should be voted for the pay , & c. of the embodied militia of G. Brit , and Ireland , for the present year . said , that although the right hon . gent . had stated , in his opening , that it was intended to reduce the militia , yet the vote proposed was for the provision of the present establishment . He wished , therefore , to know whether any reduction of the militia was intended immediately to take place ? took this opportunity of stating , that it was in the contemplation of his maj. 's govt . to bring forward , without delay , a plan for more speedily transferring to the regular army a 254 certain proportion of the militia . The various reasons which rendered , this measure advisable , would be stated when , it should be submitted to the consideration of the house ; but the right hon . gent . thought , that the known disposition of the men to enter into the regular army particularly recommended its adoption , independently of the policy which obviously suggested itself , of bringing down the militia , with all convenient expedition , to the standard at which , according to the act of last session , it was in future to he fixed . observed , that whether the proportion of the militia alluded to . should remain attached to that body , or be transferred to the regular army , an additional allowance it seemed would be necessary . said , that in the vote for the regular army , the regiments were placed so high , that even should the proposed transfer of the militia immediately take place , their establishments would still be incomplete ; therefore there would be no necessity for any additional allowance such as the hon . gent . referred to.—The motion was agreed to.—Upon the proposition for allowance to innkeepers being submitted , took occasion to remark on the extraordinary expence to which the county he had the honour to represent , and the other counties on the coast , were subject , by