before parliament : they wished only for an opportunity of knowing what line of conduct was proper to be pursued on the occasion . expressed his opinion , that the positions advanced by the noble and learned lord , and his noble friend opposite to him , were as extraordinary positions as he had ever heard advanced in that house . It was the duty of ministers , particularly of the secretary of state for the home department , to be so informed with respect to subjects like that in question , as to be able to declare , at the moment , whether the motion was objectionable or not . It was extraordinary to see a secretary of state not informed upon such an occasion . in reply to the animadversions of the noble earl , insisted that the house was placed in a very extraordinary situation , by the conduct of the noble baron , in the present instance . Though not called for by their lordships orders , yet , in common courtesy to the house , a motion , which obviously called for consideration or enquiry , should not be passed , unless previous notice of it had been given . Such a motion as the present , he contended , required time to consider whether , under all the circumstances of the case , it should be agreed to or not . Time should be afforded for consulting with those whom it 722 may be the duty of ministers on such subjects to recur to for information and advice . In proposing to adjourn , he meant not , in his present view of the subject , to oppose the motion it was , in fact , urging a request that it might be put off , so as to afford even a short interval for consideration . Such a course , he thought , should be adopted , with all questionable propositions , which were brought forward and urged without previous notice . He meant not to offer the least opinion as to the motion of the noble lord ; but he thought that , independent of the merits of a question , the pressing of a motion without notice , as in the present case , was sufficient ground for urging an adjournment . The question was then put ; lord Hawkesbury 's motion agreed to ; and an adjournment accordingly took place . rose , and spoke nearly to the following effect : —I rise , sir , in pursuance of the notice I gave , on a former day , to submit to the house a motion for the repeal of a bill , passed last session of parliament , intituled , `` an act for the additional defence of the kingdom , & c. '' I choose to give the whole of the title of this bill , rather than to be studious of brevity , though it might certainly give me an opportunity of complimenting the feelings of the right hon . gent . by describing it in its usual appellation , as Mr. Pitt 's parish defence bill . When I gave my notice of this motion , I could not help observing , that it appeared to excite some surprise on the part of some gentlemen opposite ; a surprise not unmixed with marks of disapprobation of a nature not the most orderly . I have been endeavouring to account for these symptoms of surprise and disapprobation . Did the hon . gentlemen 724 conceive that my notice arose merely from the thought of the moment ; from being piqued at the right hon . gent 's silence ; from the loss of a debate on the occasion of the motion of my right hon . friend on this side of the house ( Mr. Windham ) ? Did they imagine that we considered the speech of my right hon . friend , al speech in which so full , so able , and so luminous a view of the subject was taken , was so feebly sustained , and so ably and completely answered by a