abuses . There was also another measure , the prize- 685 agents bill , in which the whole navy was interested . A pledge had been given to bring it forward , but he had not heard any thing of it lately . He , however , hoped that it would be carried into effect , and that it would cure all the complaints that had been made for so many years by the navy . He was decidedly of opinion that the duration of the present measure should be extended till all the departments of the navy should be thoroughly purged . He did not charge upon the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , any intention to obstruct the investigations of the commissioners , but there certainly appeared in others a great inclination to impede their proceedings . When the bill had been brought forward , it had been said that the Admiralty or the Navy Board was competent to the purpose , but the right hon . gent , had admitted the propriety of continuing the present commission , by having appointed another commission to assist in their inquiries . As to what had been said by an hon . baronet , on the subject of the 8th Report , he thought it would have been more candid and manly to have made it the ground of a direct charge against the commissioners , than to attack them thus by a kind of pistol or side wind . observed , that notice had been given in the present session by a learned gent , ( sir W. Scott ) , of his intention to bring in a bill for regulating prize agents . expressed himself in terms of the strongest approbation of the labours of the commissioners for naval enquiry . From what they had already disclosed of frauds on the public , the house and the country had every reason to augur most favourably of their future exertions . He hoped too , that their reports would not be suffered to lie useless on the table , but would be followed up by corresponding improvement . It was the more necessary to allude to this , for he had formerly seen reports of abuses in the naval department which were suffered to sink into complete oblivion . He could remember 20 years ago such reports , and to this , though improvements had been suggested , they had never been reduced to practice , nor had enquiries , of which there was much promise and strong expectation , produced one important result , except the satisfaction of knowing that the public had been grossly plundered . He was sorry to be under the . necessity to alluding to the 686 royal commission , which in all probability was only instituted for ministerial purposes . There was among these commissioners one name , the insertion of which in a commission appointed for enquiring into the means of reforming abuses in the navy , was to him altogether unaccountable . This name was the name of Mr. Fordyce , who has for several years been supposed to be indebted to the public in no less a sum than the sum of 80,000l . The interest of that sum might be estimated at as much more , all of which was to be made good by tuxes from the pocket of the people . He knew it was said that this loss was attributed to a misfortune , and did not at all reflect on Mr. Fordyce 's character . Let this , however , be as it might , he could not help saying that he thought it a most extraordinary circumstance , that a person standing under such circumstances should be on a commission , the very object of which was to destroy public abuses . He could have liked to have the subject brought forward by some other gentleman ; but as this was not likely to be the case , he certainly could not , consistently with his duty , refrain from taking an early opportunity of bringing the matter under discussion .