whether it was probable that Mr. Bartholomew could hold such a rank on board , had he been considered guilty of desertion ? Whether the usage of the navy bore him out in the original discharge of Mr. Bartholomew and the other midshipmen , was not now the question ; but he submitted to the candid consideration of the house , that as Mr. Bartholomew was not in fairness to be deemed , and he had not , in fact , been treated as a deserter , so the word `` apprehended , '' which implied that , was not applicable to him . said , that according to the speech of the hon . baronet , it would be thought Mr. Bartholomew was some young gentleman known to many members of that house , instead of what he appeared to be on entering the service , a landsman and afterwards becoming an able 638 bodied seaman.— Here the Speaker interferred , and observed , that the discussion was extending to a length that did not fairly arise out of the question before the house.— The motion , after the omission of the word `` apprehended '' , and the insersertion of the words , `` taken by a press-gang '' , was agreed to . presented a petition from Wm . Mitchell , Esq . capt . of his majesty 's ship the Zealand . The petitioner complained of certain false statements and misrepresentations contained in letters from , and an affidavit by , David Ewing Bartholomew , which lies on the table of the house , in which the said Bartholomew charges petitioner with ill-treating him while on board the Zealand , in consequence , as Bartholomew stated , of his being known to be a witness in favour of sir Home Popham . Petitioner therefore prayed , that an order should be made , that copies of the letters and affidavit which he had addressed to the secretary of the admiralty , in reference to allegations of Bartholomew 's affidavit , should be laid before the house ; and also that he , the petitioner , should be furnished with Copies of the letters and affidavit of Bartholomew . Petitioner further prayed , that he might be called to the bar of the house , to answer the charges against him , and that the house would afford him such opportunity of vindicating his honour , as to its judgment should seem meet . The petition was ordered to lie on the table , and orders were made , on the motion of Mr. Grey , for the papers referred to in the said petition . On the motion of Mr. W , Dickenson , a copy was ordered to be laid before the house of the certificate of Mr. Bartholomew having passed his examination for a lieutenancy ; also , a copy of the muster roll of the Enterprize relative to the taking of Mr. Bartholomew by a press-gang moved , for copies of all correspondence between the lords of the . admiralty and the commissioners for naval enquiry on the subject of sir Home Popham ; also between the admiralty and the navy board , with the dates , and particularly the date of the order of the navy board for sending the papers relating to sir Home Popham to the commissioners for naval enquiry ; also an account of what took place before the commissioners on this subject . conceiving the case respecting the hon . baronet would be incom- 639 plete without some further papers , moved for the following , which were ordered ; an account of all bills drawn on the navy office from Calcutta , or by any persons whatever , for the service of the Romney , the Sensible , and the other ships under the command of Sir H. Popham , in the years 1801 and 1802 , specifying the ship for which each bill may have been drawn , as far as such distinction can be made out ; also for copies of letters addressed by the lords of the Admiralty to the navy board , relative