of the inseparable connection in the minds of the negroes between abolition and emancipation ? Under these circumstances then , is it not equally impolitic and unjust to allow a measure of this nature to pass ? But you also hazard exports to an amount inconceivable . In 1803 fifty-one ships came into Ireland from the colonies , and no less than 129 were sent out of it with cargoes for the colonies , consisting chiefly of linen . By the ruin of the colonies this great market for Irish linens will be almost completely destroyed . I shall only then further observe , that in promoting this measure you are not doing an act of humanity to the negroes themselves , that you are doing the highest Injustice to the colonists , that you are neglecting your revenue , and putting a great part of it in the greatest hazard , and therefore forgetting the interests of your country . The great principle upon which you ought to proceed , is to do justice to every individual . The colonies are entitled to your particular attention , and their complaints ought to be heard with candour , and argued upon with coolness and impartiality . I hope you will not pay regard to any precedents , but consider the case precisely as it comes before you , without regard to what may have been done last year , when there was such a thin attendance . I 653 have the greatest hopes that the house will view , the question in its proper light , and concur with me in a decided opposition to the second reading of this bill . said , that he was convinced that as an hon . gentleman below him had said , this was the time for the abolition of the slave trade , if it was to be done at all , he was satisfied that it was now practicable , that it was always desirable , but that now it was necessary . There were four points to which he wished to call the attention of the house ; 1st . the general policy of the measure ; 2d . its practicability ; 3d . the danger arising to the colonies from not promoting it ; and , lastly , the justice of the thing . As to the general policy , it was once said that this traffic was absolutely necessary . This assertion was , however , partly abandoned . This individual branch of trade would certainly be destroyed ; but as it was only a small part , this was of less importance : 2dly , with regard to the practicability of the measure , he was once of Opinion that it was not practicable ; and if the same circumstances had existed he would have been still of the same opinion . The capitals would once have been certainly carried away into foreign countries , but now the case was altered . Instead of engaging their capitals in hazardous specuculation , the merchants and planters would rather bring them home if necessary . Slaves could not now be smuggled into Jamaica from St. Domingo . He had no doubt that if the measure was passed now , it would succeed . It was not likely that the traffic would pass into other hands . Other nations had given indications of their intentions to put an end to the slave trade . He knew that no change could be adopted which would not be attended with danger . But was there no danger in continuing the trade ? The proportion of negroes to the white inhabitants of the colonies was daily increasing . The traffic was constantly adding to the disproportion , and the desire of liberty was inflamed by every cargo of fresh imported negroes . Regard was to be had to the situation of St. Domingo , where there was no people to enter into competition with us in the West Indies . The danger of abolishing the trade was less , then , than that of continuing it . In the case of a man