contingency of his being voted guiltless of the particular charges reported to the house , and no opinion being subsequently stated , or decision made as to the remaining charges ; a contingency , which , he thought , in point of fairness to the individual , as well as in justice to the public at large , ought to be seriously considered , and , in his opinion , was worthy of being made the subject of a specific motion . observed , that it was certainly irregular to allude , in the house , to what passed in discussion in a committed , otherwise he might particularly call to the recollection of the noble earl , that the resolution , on which the motion before the house was grounded , was not adopted without the most nature and de- 714 liberate consideration in the committee . The topic now regularly under consideration was by no means extensive , and its merits lay in a narrow compass . The motion referred not to any decision of the committee ; it went to empower them , from time to time , to report their opinions upon any , or upon what charge , which they might deem of sufficient importance , to be brought under the consideration of the house , with a reference to a question , for the removal of the accused . The motion went not to bind , or in any way pledge , either the committee or the house , to any specific or particular line of proceeding . It would be for the committee hereafter to decide , whether or not they shall make a specific report on any particular charge , without going through the whole . It went to prejudice no point whatever , in consideration before the committee . Should they think any particular charge or charges weighty enough for a specific report , they would proceed accordingly . Neither would the house be affected by the motion ; it would be at the option of the house , whether a proceeding at its bar should be adopted in consequence ; or , upon its view of the charge , refer it back to the consideration of the committee , or call upon them to state their opinion upon all the charges ; or whether a middle course should be adopted : these options would certainly rest in the house ; and their agreeing to the motion of the noble chairman , would in no shape affect the proceedings , either in the way of convenience , or in reference to the consideration of private or public justice . The motion , therefore , which was unanimously approved in the committee , should have his decided support . spoke in explanation . He repeated his idea of the possibility of their lordships having , in consequence of the report of the committee upon some particular charge , to put the accused upon his trial ; and , in the event of his being acquitted , and no opinion or decision being given or made , as to the other matters in charge , or , at least , in a way that such could go forth to the world ; such a consideration may operate unfavourably with respect to the accused . In this point of view , he thought that some proceeding , obligatory upon the committee to go through the whole should be adopted . thought the merits of the question now regularly before the house , 715 lay in a narrow compass . He had merely to express , his determination , that if he in the smallest degree apprehended that either the decision of the committee or the house , upon any particular point , with reference to the subject under the consideration of the former , were precluded or pledged by the motion , he certainly should not give his assent to it . No question , as to a report upon any particular charge being specifically made , or a thorough investigation of the whole , was prejudged by the motion . Neither would the