right hon . friend of mine on the opposite bench ( Mr. Canning ) , that we wished for a little time to rally and get breath before we renewed the attack ? Or did those hon . gentlemen conceive it to be extremely disrespectful to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , who appeared to be so reluctant and so bashful when an attempt was made to bring him to take a part in a discussion , that I should strive to force him into another opportunity of a similar kind ? I do pot doubt , sir , that it must have been most unpleasant to those gentlemen to have seen their right hon . friend wincing and writhing under the masterly and unanswerable speech of my right hon . friend . Yet , though they may think it uncourteous in us to force him to an explanation , we prefer adopting that course which we think right , without regarding the feelings of the right hon . gent . It may perhaps be considered superfluous to add any thing upon a subject which has been so ably handled by my right hon . friend . That nothing more can be said upon it than he has said I am perfectly aware . I do confess that the whole I have to say has been anticipated by him . The whole of the details were gone through by him in so masterly a manner , that but little more can be added . But if , in the course of that speech of my right hon . friend , which invited the house to a general review of the military state of the country , he clearly shewed that this statute , on which it was founded , was a scandalous statute , and a disgrace to your statute book , it was natural that some person should move to repeal it . If the causes to which I have referred were not the inducements to that surprise and disapprobation which were exhibited on a former , day , I can suggest but one more cause . Perhaps it excited some degree of surprise , that I should be the person to move for the repeal of an act that professed to have been passed for the defence of the country . It has been very much the fashion to say , 725 when you oppose any of the measures of government , that you are damping the spirit of the country , that you are holding out hopes and allurements to the enemy . Sir , if I thought that , in any one instance , the motion I have to submit could in the smallest degree distress the country ; that it could in any view discourage the heart , and feelings , and energy of those who defend the country ; that it could throw the slightest ignominy or slur on those whose duty it is to collect the materials for the defence of the country , I would be one of the last men in the world to bring forward such a motion . How my motion will be treated . I am wholly at a loss to conjecture . The right hon . gent . opposite me thought fit on a former night to preserve a regular , persevering , and dignified silence . The duty of answering the right hon . mover was performed by a right hon . friend , ( Mr. Canning ) for whom I really entertain a very great respect . I speak seriously . I am to conclude that he was very well contented with his own speech . If he was contented with it , all I can say is , that he is a gentleman who is very easily contented . Certainly , out of doors , it has been said that the speech of my right hon . friend was a complete answer to the motion ; but , whatever may have been said or thought out of doors , I am sure it was not thought so by any one