to bear , at length , the whole of the arguments against it , before he offered himself to the consideration 362 of the house . His lordship then entered very much at length in reply to the observations of the noble baron ; and argued , that , however the house might be disposed to censure his maj. 's ministers , on this subject , they were bound to support his maj. in bringing the war to an honourable conclusion . He thought , from the whole conduct of Spain , as well as the . treaty of Ildefonso , by which she became , ipso facto , the offensive and defensive ally of Trance , she must be justly considered as hostile to this country , and regarded not as a neutral power , but as one against whom policy enjoined the forbearance of hostility as long as it was possible . When we entered into the present contest with France there was nothing like a continental diversion in our favour . It would have been therefore almost an act of insanity to provoke at once all the enemies of whom we had in different shades and degrees to complain . We were at all events to wait until our naval and military establishments had been raised to their proper height . Spain , in this point of view , required peculiar management ; and the more so , as the safety of Portugal was involved in the issue . Here was therefore , a radical mistake on the part of the noble baron who had last spoken . He wished that every question should be so categorically put as to leave no issue but that of peace or war . This was certainly not the mode to be pursued when the great object in view was delay ; a delay which might serve to enable Spain to disentangle herself from her obligation , and empower us to provide for the safety of our ally , the queen of Portugal . If these objects were held in view , he would appeal to the documents on the table , and boldly ask , whether the instructions transmitted to our minister at Madrid were not fully adequate to every emergency ? There were some points on which it was impossible to give a definite instruction . It was difficult to say , for instance , whether a contingent in men or money , supplied to an enemy would be least disadvantageous . With respect to a pecuniary aid , the question was in the degree . If it surpassed the value of the military contingent , then its operation was most hostile and mischievous ; but this was a point which , with all our efforts , we could not possibly ascertain.—On one other point the noble bart . was clearly mistaken in his argument . It was true that Mr. Frere had stipulated with M. Cevallos for the cessa- 363 tion of the Spanish armaments , and for the stoppage of the condemnation and sale of prizes in the Spanish ports . These , however , were conditions , on the observance of which he promised to remain at Madrid ; they were not , as had been wrongly supposed , conditions of neutrality , or binding as such on this country . But , even supposing them to be of the latter description , the obligations had been all violated by Spain.—The armaments in Ferrol had been lightly treated by the noble baron . But , when it was recollected , that there were four French sail of the line in that harbour , and that , by an effort of no great difficulty , a junction might be made highly dangerous to our blockading squadron , the suspicions wore a more serious aspect . As to the conveyance of troops to Biscay it was all a feint , as there was no port in that quarter where a single man could be landed . The fact was , that Spain was determined to declare war , as on every former occasion , as soon as her