the consequence . Did those who complained of the treatment of the slaves in the West Indies , attend to the account given of their situation in their own country , as related by Mungo Park ? The Jalonkas , as he informs us , are much more cruel to their slaves than the Colonists are , and he gives a shocking instance in the case of Nealee , a female slave . We have , it on the testimony of Sir George Young , that all the freemen in the interior pf Africa are obliged to learn the use of arms . This , undoubtedly , is a proof of the constant warfare in which they are engaged , especially when it is considered that there every feud is hereditary , and that quarrels are handed down from father to son as a family possession . The wars of the Africans are personal , and are therefore carried on with much more rancour than any thing which is known among 650 us and other civilised nations . This appeared from the history of the wars of the kings of Bambouhe and Bambarra . Mr. Park said that the interior of the kingdoms were populous , while the borders were not , on account of the constant wars that prevailed among themselves . It is also to be recollected , that Mr. Parke 's journey to Africa had nothing to do with the subject of the slave trade , but was undertaken for scientific purposes , under the direction of Sir Joseph Banks , to whom the British public owe so much , and whose merits are so well known , and so universally admitted . Mr. Park mentions that in one of the wars when nine hundred captives were taken , only seventy of these were freemen . The feelings of the Mahometans , with respect to the other Africans , might be collected from a cursory story told by the above traveller . When be proposed to go to Tombocto he was advised by a friendly native not to go there . The reason was , that he had been there once ; the master of the first house into which he entered had said , if you are a Musselman enter into my house as my guest : if you are a Caffre , I instantly seize you as my slave . Few slaves come from the , coast , they are generally taken from the interior . Gardiner , who belonged to the establishment at Sierra Leone , confirms this . Our African traveller when he sailed up the Gambia , one of the natives offered to traffic with him , and exchange slaves for goods . When informed that the white people did not accept of such a change , he seemed surprised , and said that this was the only means by which they could get their salt from Barbary . We may abandon the trade , but we can not abolish it , and we shall besides be doing great injury to the Africans themselves . As to the humanity of the case , are we sure that the slaves , are not treated with much greater inhumanity in Africa than in the West Indies ? Are they , not driven in their own country like cattle with irons about their necks ? the humanity of the African , master is cried up , while that of the British is depreciated . An African master , however , we are told , can coolly toss his slave , when half dead , into a ditch , and say `` there is so much money lost . '' Can any one bring , such an instance against the British , master of the present day ? As to their being taken so far from their own country , this is a misfurtune to which the African slaves are always lia- 651 ble at home ; for it is the general policy of Africa to remove the slaves as far as possible from the country in which they were born . Are you to consider