the right hon . gent . ( H. Addington ) that the avowal of error , instead of being humiliating , was highly honourable , and that little dependence could be placed on the valour of men who fought blindly , without having entered into the merits of the dispute , and to whom the contest for right or for wrong was equally desirable . He owned he felt the greatest indignation when he heard such doctrine introduced into that house , and he could not refrain from openly avowing that indignation . He would not be deterred from expressing his undisguised sentiments-on this subject , by being told that a Spanish war was popular in this country . He had no doubt that it was popular . He had no doubt that an enemy , rich in pillage , and weak in power , was a popular enemy ; but surely , these were not facts to be stated in that house , as arguments to convince them that they ought to connive at fraud and outrage , and abstain from censuring the perpetrators , because their measures were popular . If this was really so , he should wish to be informed for what reason they sat there , and what was the meaning of the bundles of papers in the hands of the members , and lying on the table of the house ? The discussions by which this war had been preceded , were said by those who dis- 431 approved of the way in which he thought , to hive been marked by uncommon forbearance , and at the same time , by vigour and energy . There was , however , within the last century , but one war in which this country was engaged in which the integrity of G. Brit , had been questioned , and that was a war against Spain . From this very reason ought we to have been particularly cautious of commencing hostilities against her , unless on the clearest and most undeniable grounds , lest our motives should be questioned . Spain was at the time to which he alluded a more powerful nation than she was at present , and the more were we called on to guard against our integrity being suspected . When a country , like Spain , rich in pillage and weak in power , was seen about to engage in war with a powerful state , it was natural to feel suspicious that her riches and weakness might have contributed to involve her in that situation : and if so , was it not for the honour of the country that the causes of the present contest should be investigated , and our integrity established ? When the last treaty of peace was concluded , he had unequivocally stated as an objection to the recognition of it , the subsistence of the defensive treaties between France , Holland , and Spain , and had submitted how far , while such treaties existed , we could , in case of a new war with France , regard those other two powers as in a state of neutrality . Ministers then made light of that objection , but they themselves started it in the beginning of the present discussion.—The hon . and learned gent . then went through different points which had formed the subjects of discussion in the course of the correspondence , and contended that on none of them had our govt . put things in so clear and regular a state , as to make them the legitimate subjects of war . By the wavering policy of the late administration , or by their weakness and imbecility or by what other name the present ministers chose to term it , the country had unquestionably been placed in a disagreeable situation , But had the present Ministers extricated themselves or the country out of it , or had they not rather added to the ambiguities and doubts which formerly existed , others of a more extraordinary and more fatal kind ? The hon . and learned gent . then made some