and he trusted the investigation , either with reference to the private or public interests involved , would be proceeded on with as little delay as possible . He should , therefore , object to the motion . declared , that a more extraordinary doctrine he had never heard laid down gravely in that house , than that one and the same individual should be tried twice for one and the same offence . There was no court of justice in his majesty 's dominions , that would for a moment entertain the abominable proposition . The act , he believed in his conscience , was passed to prevent persons who were incapable of performing the duties of their office , or who might be immoral characters , from longer holding the situation of a judge . It was a sort of milder punishment than that of impeachment , which was derected to something criminal . When he heard a noble lord make the assertion , that it was most proper that the persons who commenced the investigation should go through with it and come to a decision on the case , he might suppose that the ordinary proceedings of our courts of justice were nearly at an end . He might expect to hear the noble lord come down to the house to-morrow , and move to ever turn the whole system of the justice of the country . The ordinary and established manner of proceeding , was for a grand jury to hear only one side of the question , and on that to find a bill ; but then the same persons did not go on to the conviction of the party accused . It would be remembered that in the case of Warren Hastings , the other house , when the charges were alledged against him , gave him an opportunity of being heard at the bar in his defence , before a single article of impeachment was made out against him . They then brought him before this house , which , by virtue of its superior privilege , examined witnesses upon oath . In the case of sir Elijah Impey also , a defence was made at the bar of the other house , and in con-sequence of that defence the charges were set aside . The house of commons therefore were properly the grand jury , who undertook the first investigation of the charge , and either founded a proceeding on it , or rejected the accusation . This was , as it is by its 580 constitution , the court of justice , the province of which it was to examine the business more minutely , and to come to such a decision as the case might warrant . Notwithstanding , by the word of the act of parliament upon which this proceeding was grounded , the accusation had a right to be begun in either house , yet the idea of the same persons making the first enquiry , so as to sift out the nature of the crime , and afterwards pronouncing judgment upon the case , was so repugnant to every principle of British legislation , that he thought it best to leave the other house an opportunity of taking up the measure , if they should think fit . He was the more inclined to do so , as , if he was not misinformed , the delay which had already taken place in that house was occasioned by the petitions not having been renewed . The short delay which had been proposed would only give them an opportunity to renew the petitions , and then the business would come in its regular course before this house . He therefore supported most cordially the motion of the noble and illustrious duke . said , that in the natural division of the respective duties and privileges of the two houses of parliament , that which was judicial seemed to belong as peculiarly to the chamber of lords , as that which respected finance belonged to the chamber of commons . He by no means questioned the right of either