that the measures he then declared bad were now good , and that the men he then censured as incapable , were now most capable ? Was he prepared to say to those men , `` your measures have been such , that if I had then the opinion of them which I have now , I would not have voted for the enquiry ? Was he prepared to allow that every thing which had been done , and which was now available , was done by them ? He was , indeed , himself prepared to allow , that the noble lord and his associates bad done much more than had been done since ; but , as his opinion was not changed as to the positive defects of what they had done , he still continued of opinion that the inquiry was necessary ; and he thought those who voted for it on the former occasion , could not do otherwise than support his motion now . If it was meant to be argued , that men were procured by the measures ultimately adopted by the late administration , and then in progress , he had never denied that the system of raising men for rank would procure men . He was ready to allow the force of family influence in Ireland and Scotland , but he contended that the principle of a system of recruiting by influence was injurious . It was not to be denied that the presumptive heir to an estate might raise money on an annuity , but such would be ruinous to him . The measure of recruiting for rank was one which he always objected to , not that he denied its power of raising men , but that he thought it a most pernicious mode of obtaining them . Thus the ballot obtained men of necessity , and a considerable force , almost all that had been obtained to meet the extraordinary exigency , . had been supplied by it , under the direction of the late ministers , so that whatever obligations the right hon . gent . opposite owed to it , he was indebted for to them ; yet , whatever it had produced , could not reconcile him to the principle , any more than if the parish bill itself had produced men . He therefore saw nothing to diminish the necessity of enquiry . Alt the former objections to the state of our military establishment were still in full force ; and he knew not how , after the failure of the measure proposed as a remedy , any member who voted for inquiry then , could avoid voting for it now . This , however , was a mere argumentum ad homines ; for though a large part of the house , notwithstanding it was a , minority 593 then , had supported that proposition , he should not think it necessary on that ground alone , that they should support him . Men should be determined always by the evidence before them ; many of the measures thus instituted had by this time been brought to trial ; some might have justified themselves by their success ; others had been decidedly condemned by their failure . The very circumstance of a Spanish war changed the situation of the country . But that was not all . It might have been said by the late ministers and their adherents , that the regiments raising in England and Scotland promised to be successful ; that some of their other measures also had procured men , and that the army of reserve though suspended , had been amply successful , and might again be revived , and that a further trial of all their measures would prove the efficacy of them . To those who voted for inquiry against those ministers , he would submit a broad question as to the necessity of enquiring now . Whether the present state of this country , ( not meaning by the present state the bare condition of the moment , but as far as the view could reach ,