satisfaction was obtained as to the communication of the treaty . Desirous , however , of affording every facility and removing every obstacle to an amicable arrangement , it was resolved to recal Mr. Frere , in consequence of circumstances having occurred that made it impossible for him any longer to communicate personally with the prince of peace . Upon the nature of that difference , which has no relation to the present subject , it is not necessary for me to enlarge . In justice to Mr. Frere , however , I must say , that it arose without any fault on his part , from a most unprovoked , unwarrantable conduct in that person , who , though without ostensible office , is known to have the most leading influence in the councils of Spain . Nevertheless , much as ministers respected the talents and were sensible of the services of that gent , who had so ably filled the place of ambassador JO the court of Madrid , during a difficult 378 and critical period , they were determined that no collateral obstacles should stand in the way of a friendly termination of discussions , in which the public interest was so much concerned . They had reasons of policy for not driving matters precipitately to extremity , and reserving the right of war should circumstances demand its exercise ; they continued to leave an opening for conciliation and arrangement . It was intended to send another gentleman to succeed Mr. Frere , the latter returning home on leave of absence . The same vessel , however , which brought Mr. Frere home on the 17th Sept. brought letters from admiral Cochrane , which proved in , the clearest manner the violation of that condition , on which the forbearance of his maj. 's govt . had particularly been founded . That the clear , and precise information communicated by adm. Cochrane , proved , that a violation of the condition on which the neutrality of Spain was connived at , had been committed by the armaments in the port of Ferrol , and that it was incumbent on govt . to act upon it , I think can not be denied . The dispatches of adm. , Cochrane pointed out many important facts . The preparations in the port of Spain were coir lateral with the equipment of the French squadron and the Dutch men of war ; they happened at the moment when French sailors and soldiers were conveyed through Spain to reinforce the crews of the French ships ; the packets were armed as in time of war . After our forbearance , so long founded on the express condition , that no armaments were to be undertaken in the Spanish ports , could the govt . of this country shut its eyes to an armament begun in circumstances so suspicious , or ought they to have so far forgot their duty as to neglect the precautions which the case demanded ? After Spain had been warned in what light an armament would be viewed , and of the consequences to which it would lead , what would have been thought of the vigour or good sense of ministers had they , on this occasion , taken no steps inconsequence of such information ? What would have been said if the enemy , joining their forces , had came out of Ferrol and proved too strong for the squadron under adm. Cochrane , though that I do not believe , notwithstanding any difference of numerical strength , would have happened ? What would have been said if the treasure ships had arrived safe , and replenished with dollars the coffers of Spain , to be 379 placed at the disposal of France , and employed for our destruction ? What would hare been said had the Ferrol squadron proceeded to any enterprise that would either have struck a blow at our interests , or facilitated those plans which the enemy meditated against this country ? If any of these things had happened , what defence could ministers urge this day for their negligence ,