to be apprehended from it ; amongst which , he mentioned the certainly that , in all parts of the country where soldiers may be tried by regimental courts martial , upon charges brought against them by the townsmen or inhabitants amongst whom they were quartered , there would be found petty fogging attorneys on the watch to take advantage of the slightest circumstance that could afford any ground whatever for menaces of indictments , or actual prosecutions for perjury . Both the clauses being added to the bill , it immediately passed , and was ordered to the lords . rose to object to it ; his reason for doing so was , that the duty bore , with a very extraordinary degree of pressure , on the farmer ; and , consquently , in the end , on the landed interest . The farmers of this country , he said , were by no means that very opulent class of men they had been falsely represented to be , and he was well convinced , the times were better 862 for the farmer , when corn sold at 8s . or 9s . per bushel , than in those in which it had reached the very high prices , at which it had been in the course of a few years last past . He had been told , that this tax would , as taxes generally do , fall on the consumer , but who , be asked , are the consumers ? The answer is very direct said he ; those who eat bread : as such , it must fall with the greatest weight on the lower and poorer orders of the community , and therefore he was averse from it . A committee above stais had , in the course of last session , been a long time employed to enquire into the most effectual means of reducing the price corn , and , consequently , of bread , and the result of that inquiry was , that it would be necessary to take every possible step towards the improvement of agriculture . The present tax , he was convinced , would very materially impede the interests of agriculture , and there fore he was against it . He did not say this from any captious opposition to taxes , but from a thorough conviction , in his own mind , that he was strongly impelled by his duty to make the observations he had done . said , he really thought the bill would not produce the pressure which some gentlemen apprehended , He believed the tax would fall on the consumer ; and the increase it , would create in the price of the article of corn would amount to a sum so trifling , that no one could think it any inconvenience to any body . The whole of the duty was estimated at 300,000l . one-third of which would be borne by those who kept horses for trades in large towns , brewers and the like , so that the whole amount of the duty on husbandry was only 200,000l . The amount of the rental of England alone was 37 millions ; including Scotland , it was 40 millions . The produce of land had been calculated under the mark many years ago , and since which great improvements had been made ; in no case was it calculated at less than 3 tines the rent ; in many it was 5 and 6 times that amount ; but taking it moderately , at 4 times the rent , the annual produce would then be 100 sterling . Now , this duty was only one 7 50th part of that produce on the whole average of the kingdom ; and taking the bill in the most objectionable shape in which gentlemen chose to put it , that was , distinguishing the arable from pasture land , and taking it to be more on the arable than on the pasture , it would then be the 863 1,000th part of the produce of the pasturage , one 500th on the