given to that gent . by the Spanish govt . though not in all points adequate to the just expectations of this country , were yet such as ought manifestly ( according to those instructions ) to have determined him to wait at Madrid for the arrival of an accredited minister authorized by his maj. to arrange with that court all points of difference . And that 400 we have therefore seen with equal surprise and indignation the final decision of his maj. 's ministers , not only to adopt the inconsiderate resolution taken by the king 's representative in withdrawing himself from Madrid , but also to treat with utter disregard the subsequent offer from the Spanish minister at this court to pursue the same discussions here ; an offer which , if accepted , might probably have led to a satisfactory conclusion on matters upon which the two courts were so nearly agreed . That while we have thus thought it our duty to represent to his maj. the errors of his ministers in the conduct of this important transaction , and the fatal consequences which have resulted from them , we beg leave to repeat our humble assurance that we are ready to support his maj. to the utmost in every measure necessary to assert the rights and vindicate the honour of his crown , objects which can never be successfully pursued by negligent and undecided councils , nor attained by the violation of engagements on which those with whom we treat have rested their security . `` —The amendment being read , and the question put , rose . His ldp . said , he felt no necessity to follow the hon . gent . through all his details and arguments , when he recollected the able and animated speech made by his right hon . friend who opened the debate . Of whatever blame could be imputed to the govt . for their conduct towards Spain , he was very ready to take his full share . He was happy to rind the hon . gent . agreed with govt . on the construction to be put on the treaty of St. Hdefonso . Indeed , he went as tar on this subject as could be wished by any one ; he allowed , that no treaty going to the length that this does could be called inoffensive . When the hon . gent , had made this allowance , he was surprised- to find him follow it up by observing , that he considered it would have been highly proper for this country to have obliged Spain to come to some distinct explanation . He was more surprised at this , because the hon . gent . agreed to the policy of keeping Spain neutral , so much so , that he conceived a subsidy of 3 millions annually not too great a price to pay for Spanish neutrality . But what encreased his surprise to its greatest height was , that the hon . gent . after commiserating the unfortunate and dependant situation of Spain , could think it expedient to press for an explana- 401 tion which must have driven her into a war with one power or another . The hon . gent . complains , that when lord Hawkesbury sent his first instructions to Mr. Frere , he should have been fully prepared to say , whether , if the pecuniary succours were afforded we should deem it a just cause for an immediate war ; but this would depend on circumstances which could only be ascertained at Madrid , and could not be foreseen . Among other omissions with which government had been charged , was that of attention to the notes of M. ဟAnduaga to the secretary of state ; they were of little authority , being without date and signature . Nothing , too , was so fatal to the cause of peace , as a double negotiation . Mr. Frere having been instructed how to act , Madrid was the proper theatre for the discussion . The hon . gent , had intimated , that in