effect , and can not produce any effect , and it must , therefore , be solely with a view of raising money that it is continued . Now , sir , to this assertion , my answer is simple , unequivocal , and direct . I always disclaimed the idea of the bill being considered as a bill for raising money , and never attempted to defend it but as an instrument for recruiting with the greatest expedition our regular army . The hon . gent , has thrown out a hint about withdrawing the bounties from the parishes , and in that way rendering it a money bill . This , sir , is really a sort of proceeding so disgraceful and abominable ; a sort of proceeding so utterly out of the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers , that I am astonished it has ever been alluded to . I ask support to the bill solely on the ground of its being a measure for the augmentation of our military force , and as it appears calculated to promote this important end . The moment it ceases to produce any effect , or to hold out any prospect of accomplishing 751 this end , then I shall certainly feel myself bound not merely not to oppose , but actually to move for its repeal . In one sense , indeed , the bill operates in a pecuniary way by the penalties , which it inflicts , on those parishes by which their quotas are not provided . But even in this view of it , it is far from being attended with peculiar severity . On the contrary , it suspends the penalties of the army of reserve act , and substitutes in their room others of a milder form . It is , indeed , impossible to conceive any thing milder than the act is , in its present application , unless , as is not pretended to be either just or expedient , the penalties were to be wholly removed . The hon . gent , in speaking of the effect of the bill , seems entirely to have lost sight of one circumstance Very important to be considered , which is the period when the bill first came into activity . From whatever causes this arose , I shall not now stop to determine , but certain it is , that at was not till the 14th of Nov. that orders were first given for general recruiting to supply parishes where deficiencies existed . It is , therefore , sir , to the operation of the bill since that period , much more than to the effect it has produced in the preceding months , that we ought fairly to apply for an . opinion of its merits . Looking then at the last three months , I find that on an average of each week , there have been nearly two hundred recruits obtained . Thus , taking three months as an average , the result will he , that under the operation of the bill , it will produce an annual addition of betwixt nine or ten thousand men . I ask then , sir , with such a statement as this before us , if we can think of listening to a proposition for repealing the bill just at the moment when it shall come into full activity ? The hon . gent . has thought proper to say that not one man has been raised by the , bill , and the right hon . gent , maintained that its effects had been altogether inconsiderable . But , sir , I will ask these gentlemen and the house , whether tie effect which I have hinted at , be not one of very considerable magnitude ? Whether it be not in fact , nearly equal to the whole of the recruits obtained by the ordinary means of recruiting ? On this simple ground , I might almost exclusively rest the merits of the bill , and ask the house whether it is one which aught to be rashly and