raised by the bill , it appeared weak in principle , inconclusive in reasoning , and dangerous in tendency . If on the conclusion of war , our regular force were to be reduced to the 618 peace establishment , which alone the constitution of this free country could have sanctioned , he would ask his right hon . friend , how we were , on the breaking out of a fresh war , to raise such a force , as he was sure his right hon . friend would be as anxious to have as any other member of that house , a force capable of being employed with effect for the annoyance of the enemy ? What alternative was there to chuse , but whether a large standing army should be kept up , or a force of the description of that proposed to be raised by this bill ? Neither the country nor the house would consent to the former ; and in proof of this , he could refer to those arguments that had been so frequently repeated in that house , of the danger of having the liberties and the constitution of the country subverted , by having a large standing army at the disposal of government . There was no alternative , therefore , but to obtain a force that might take the place of the army without offence to the constitution . Of such a force there were two descriptions : the militia , of which we had the experience of half a century , or such a force as should be limited in service like the militia , but being officered by regular officers should approach more nearly to the quality of regulars , and be a nursery for the supply of the army . He agreed that the militia ought not to be carried beyond a certain extent , not because it could not be kept up to that extent , but because it was ascertained , that it could not be maintained in that extent consistently with the principles of its original institution . If you vary from the original mode with respect to officers , you may vary still more , so as to render the force more perfect , and to bring it nearer to the discipline and condition of a regular force , which would be the same as a standing army.—But his right hon . friend , after stating his objections to the bill , had proceeded to detail fairly the alterations and the improvements in the military system , which he proposed to submit to the committee . His leading principle of objection was to the variety of force on foot ; but he could not himself-see on the face of it what objection there could be to variety . If a pure monarchy were to exist in any country with a population purely agricultural , unmixed with commercial pursuits , there would be no difficulty in obtaining a large army , augmentable and , reducible in a short pe- 619 riod . But the same does not take place in a country where manufactures and commerce have made extensive progress . Did it follow , he asked , that if we should not get the whole number we wanted in the way most desirable , that we should throw the remainder away as dross or useless ? Did it follow , that because the whole number could not be procured of that description for which his right hon . friend had a great fondness and anxiety , that we should not march such a proportion of our population who might enter into the disposable force , whose absence would not be felt nor lamented , and leave the protection of their districts to those who remained in the more limited force . If the militia could be carried to the extent necessary , then his right hon . friend would obtain his object . But they had tried the militia , and had found it impossible to keep it to the extent to which it had been carried , consistently with the principles of