bill might be necessary and useful to keep them quiet . explained , that he by no means intended to say that the north of Ireland only was loyal , but that he could not say so much of the tranquillity of every part of Ireland , as of the north . said , that whatever reasons there might be for continuing the suspension of the habeas corpus in Ireland , there could be none for treating parliament in this summary way . Acts of parliament were not subject to apoplexy . Their dissolution was necessarily foreseen , and it became the duty of ministers to explain to that house , what had prevented their introduction of this bill in time for it to undergo its regular investigation . It seemed necessary to create a new patent 584 office , to apprise ministers of the approaching death of their own acts . He was an enemy to this unexplained mode of depriving the subject of his most invaluable privilege , and trusted they would be told why all this unprecedented , speed was necessary . assured the noble earl , that no peer could pay more sacred regard to the liberties of the people than himself . But in this instance there was no time to go through the usual forms , since the present act expired on Tuesday next , and there required time to forward the act , after it had received the royal assent , to that kingdom . said , the question was not whether the act should be again suspended , but whether it should be suspended without inquiry ? Parliament had now sat since the 15th of January . Why not , if the reasons for this bill were notorious , introduce it sooner , to give it the sanction of deliberate inquiry ? As to the notoriety of the grounds for the suspension , he , for one , knew nothing of it , and was denied all means of know-ledge . A noble marquis who was well acquainted with the country , had said that it was in a state of tranquillity . Why , then , all this haste ? Even departing from all the rules of the house , it was very doubtful , if even possible , that the act could arrive in Ireland in time ; for it could not receive the royal assent before Saturday . It had been urged in support of the motion that the habeas corpus act had been suspended nine times in the course of the last war . He did not , however , recollect any instance , without-a particular case made out , or a previous enquiry . It was only said , that Irish traitors in France were corresponding with disaffected persons in Ireland . If that were sufficient , then , as long as there was a disaffected man in Ireland , and an Irish traitor in France , the French , govt . might make a case whenever it pleased to deprive us of the best security of our liberties . lamented , the system of desolation that had prevailed in Ireland for ten years past . You , have heard of it , said his lordship , but we have felt it . You would give much to avoid the experience of such calamities . We would give much more to prevent their repetition . The people of Ireland look with confidence to a firm and vigorous govt . and they are ready to make sacrifices to deserve it . If it be a matter , of notoriety that a correspondence is now carrying on 585 between traitors in France and disaffected persons in Ireland , I can not conceive a stronger ground for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . was confident , that if the Habeas Corpus Act bad been suspended in Ireland , in 1803 , the insurrection in Dublin would not have taken place . urged , upon the experience of fourteen months residence in Ireland , the necessity of arming the executive govt . with strong powers . said , that