But it was not alone in this general principle that exertions were slackened , but experience also concurred to the same end . In execution of the army of reserve act , penalties had been incurred for deficiencies which had not been levied , and the parishes might have had an expectation of escaping in the same manner . Here there was an example of penalties incurred and not exacted , and the expectation of the repeal of the measure , though he could not allow the expectation to have been just ; and he would ask any man , whether , with such expectations , there had been a fair chance for obtaining that exercise of zeal , of local influence , and personal exertion , whether the measure had had a fair trial , and whether the country did not require the defeat of the motion submitted that night , in order to give the measure a fair and impartial trial ? Another reason his right hon . friend had assigned in support of his motion , was founded on the variety of opinions that had been stated in the different discussions on this subject in that house . Undoubtedly the public looked with considerable interest to the discussions in that house , and to the opinions urged in them , and to none with more respect than to those of his right hon . friend . But it was rather curious to make the number of va 617 rious opinions and various measures that had originated in that house , an argument for repealing this measure , in order to shew that they had come to some steady and consistent system at last . If the measure were even less unexceptionable than it really is , and not as likely to answer the end for which it was intended as he maintained it was , he insisted , that instead of repealing it , it ought to have a fair trial , and not precipitately , or prematurely , receive its condemnation . With respect to the merits of the bill , it appeared to him calculated to produce an effect which his right hon . friend had frequently dwelt on during last session , and had that night more particularly and directly adverted to . Let the army alone , said his right hon . friend , and it will get on . His right hon . friend would not deny that this measure had the merit of doing away the high bounties , of doing away the competition , especially as since the failure of the unhappy parish officers the men had been recruited by the regular officers of the crown . But his right hon . friend was hot to be satisfied with any mode of recruiting , unless it was conducted all in one way and for one description of force , for until he had reached nearly the end of his speech , the only inference that could be drawn from all the preceding points of it , was , that he would allow of no species of force but regulars . In the close of his speech however , he seemed to have kept one remnant for the militia . Had he not found to what purpose his right hon . friend had turned this concession by the appeal he bad made to the feelings of the militia colonels , he should have given him credit for an honourable and praiseworthy attachment to that constitutional force . Mad his right hon . friend recommended the extinction of the militia force , he could not have had the opportunity for his powerful appeal to the militia colonels ; but in proposing to continue the militia on its original establishment of 40,000 , and to raise that number still by the ballot , he seemed by his appeal to the colonels to have made his statement from his conclusions , not his conclusions from his statement . As to the argument of his right hon . friend , with respect to the policy of such a mixed force as that proposed to be