to do , we must boldly look our situation in the face . If bad measures were allowed to go on because the time was too pressing to consider of their removal , the time would at length become pressing , because the measures were bad . We should be found , according to this argument , to be in the same situation with the hare that is hard pressed by the greyhound ; she must go on because she has not time to turn , and yet in turning lies her only safety , for if she persists in going forward , she is sure to fall a sacrifice . Such , said the right hon . gent , will precisely be the situation of this country , if we blindly and obstinately persist in pursuing the same measures as have led us into our present unfortunate circumstances . Can any one , he asked , pretend to flatter himself that the danger we had to dread is over , and has passed away ? Me cautioned the house to beware how they suffered themselves to be deluded by such an idea . If , therefore , that should be allowed , and it should be granted that it was still hanging over us , then he contended , there was no time like the present ; we had not a moment to lose , and , our greatest safety lay in looking the danger boldly in the face , and endeavouring to avert it by an immediate adoption of measures different to those which had been proved to be so imbecile in themselves , and so totally contrary to the ends and purposes for which they had originally been intended.—The right hon . gent , again repeated his opinion , that without changing the term of military service , the army would never become so efficient as was to be wished . It was the general sentiment , the growing feeling of the country , that to enlist for a term of years would be far preferable to the present unlimited period of enlistment . Against adopting this plan , indeed , he had never heard any rational objection . He had heard something of authority , but nothing at all of argument . No argument could , he contended , be drawn against this project from the limited experiment which was alleged to have been made . In order to ascertain the efficacy of this plan , it must at once be rendered general . There were some things which ought to . be proceeded in progressively ; one iron might be hot while the other was cold ; but the plan he now proposed was not at that description 613 it must not be executed slowly or partially , it must be promptly and universally set in motion , or it was one of those things in which the fire would go out , and the iron grow cold . If in addition to this change , that of abolishing the draft were acceded to , he should entertain the best prospect of the speedy advancement of the army . On the abolition of the draft , he would advise the grafting of another regulation , namely , that men who after serving the first term , suppose seven years , would agree to enlist again , should have some marked additional privilege . To those who observed that the limitation of time he mentioned would have an injurious effect on discipline , he should only think it necessary to say , that as a soldier was liable to punishment if he committed a fault only the moment before his time of service expired , he could not conceive that such an effect was possible . If , however , suclvan effect were likely to arise , how happened it to our Army of Reserve and our Militia ? It was to be observed , too , that very good discipline prevailed in the armies of Austria and Prussia , among whom enlistment for a term of years was universal . By what contrivance then could