without availing himself of the legal mode of liberation till the time of trial . in explanation , agreed perfectly , that the evil complained of by the learned gent . had never been in his contemplation . The provisions of the act of last session had been copied from the act of 13th Geo . III . between England and Scotland , in which the defect had not been noticed until the occurrence now alluded to bad discovered it in both . then proposed to move for an account of all persons imprisoned in Ireland for treasonable charges , together with the causes of their arrests , their means of subsistence while in prison , and how and when such of them as had been liberated were discharged . In answer to Sir E. Nepean , who expressed a difficulty of stating particularly the grounds of commitment , lest it should lead to a discovery of the channels through which govt . had its information , Mr. Fitzgerald said , he wished merely to know generally the ground stated in the commitment , for the purpose of ascertaining how the govt . of Ireland had executed the act , the re- 311 newal of which was to be this night moved ; whether it deserved the character of moderation that was claimed for it by some , or the imputation of severity that was cast on it by others ; an elucidation which the right hon . baronet ought to wish for as much as he.—The motion being cleared of some superfluous words , so as to comprehend only persons committed for state offences under the act for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus , the general cause of their commitment , together with the time of their discharge , Mr. Fitzgerald gave notice that he would put the question on it on Monday . in consequence of a notice given yesterday , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill for the further continuance of the act of last session for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland . The right hon . bart . said , that the continuance of the bill was rendered necessary by the existence of disaffection , in a considerable degree , in Ireland ; by the avowed determination of the enemy to invade that country , and the preparations notoriously made for that invasion ; by the fact of the collection and association of a number of Irishmen with the forces designed for that purpose , and the actual sitting of a committee of United Irishmen at Paris , corresponding with the United Irishmen of Ireland , and stimulating them to continue in acts of treason . In order to defeat their machinations , and counteract such treasonable plots , it became indispensably necessary to arm the Irish govt . by the further continuance of an authority which had already proved so salutary and efficacious in preserving the tranquillity of that country ; more especially , too , as the present law would expire within the short period of six weeks , in which case a number of persons now confined in prison upon treasonable charges must be liberated , and left to follow their secret machinations without controul . He should therefore move for leave to bring in a bill to continue for a time to be limited , the said act . '' in rising to trespass upon the attention of the house , hoped he should not be considered as throwing any censure upon the government of Ireland , or any insinuation that the power reposed by the existing law in the hands of the present Chief Governor of that part of the empire , had been productive of any 312 reprehensible abuse . He could not , however , on so very momentous a proposition as that , for still longer suspending , in so considerable and important a portion of the empire , the most valuable privilege of our glorious constitution , suppress his decided opinion that before the right hon . bart . called for the assent of parliament to his introduction