this indeed seems to be admitted by all the gentlemen on the other side ; but it is contended , that although we were justified in taking a measure of absolute war , yet in doing something short of it , we were not justified . Now , I would ask , is there any thing repugnant to common sense in the principle which says , that if you are justified in going to the last extremity , you may do something short of that extremity ? The hon . gent . insists , that we are not to take reprisals without a declaration of war . Here the whole point turns on the application of the term , reprisals . If he means taking property , wrongfully , that is , without a right of proceeding to hostilities , he is right . The taking the goods of an enemy , after that enemy has taken our goods from us , is properly called reprisal ; but the taking of our goods before they fall into the hands of your enemy , is not a reprisal , and here , I believe , the hon . gent . will find , under the authority of Vattel himself , that keeping reprisals as pledges for a security against supposed hostilities , is lawful ; that is , security against the supposed intention of the enemy . There , are cases in which the highest authorities state , that the forcibly taking them back before the adjustment of disputes , is a justifiable cause of war ; but here we may dispense with the whole of that part of the argument , because we gave a regular notice of , war , and said , that unless the conditions were observed , we should take every mea- 465 sure either of war or precaution , reserving to ourselves which ; but the hon . gent . says , that the Spanish court never could suspect we should have detained their property . Why ? What should make them think we should not , after the notice they had , and after they had afforded and were continuing to afford to France such enormous pecuniary succours , in addition to all the naval force she could command ; thereby carrying on against us a double warfare , contrary to all the rights of neutrality . Now , if one of these be sufficient to entitle us to proceed to war , it will hardly be contended that uniting both together will take away our right . Could it then be matter of surprise to Spain , that we should have taken the measures of precaution we did ? Will it not be admitted that it was a duty we owed to ourselves to intercept this treasure ; for can any one in this house be ignorant that it is by means of dollars from South America , that Spain affords pecuniary succours to France ? As to what they thought of that succour , it is a matter about which it is not our business to enquire . But the matter does not rest there . When we were reasoning on the treaty of St. Ildefonso , I think in the month of July 1803 , when Mr. Frere was stating to the Spanish minister the forbearance of this country , what did he say to the Spanish minister ? He desired him to mark the generosity of his maj. in not claiming their treasure , as he might have done , but that he let them receive it , at that time it being understood that they would act with more strict justice to the system of neutrality . What was the answer of the Spanish minister ? The answer was in substance an acknowledgment of his . maj. 's lenity and generosity , and this is now turned against us , and because an end was put at last to such generosity and forbearance , in consequence of several breaches of the conditions on which only it was to be continued , and of which due notice was to be