dormant , the penalties which the bill inflicted , where the quota was not furnished , would furnish powerful means of recruiting for general service . The manner in which the bill was drawn offered strong inducement for the exercise of patriotism , and when properly understood , he had no doubt of its answering every object for which it was originally framed . If the bill were now repealed , the consequence must be that recourse must be again had to those high bounties to which the army of reserve had given rise , and to that system of balloting which it was allowed on all hands should be abolished as equally impolitic and oppressive . He was sorry that the merits of the bill were so much confounded with the character and merits of the administration . The noble lord who opened the business had described the measure as . a decisive evidence of the inefficiency of that administration which had held out such mighty promises to the country . He had , at the same time , argued , that such an administration as that now presiding over the national councils , was not such as the people required , or the state of the empire demanded . It was painful to him to dwell on a subject so personal , but he felt it to be due to himself and his colleagues in office to state , that if all the circumstances attending their acceptance of office were developed , much of the obloquy heaped on them would be spared . They had obeyed the call of their sovereign , from a sense of duty ; they had not sought office from an inordinate thirst for power ; they had not been hostile to that extended administration which the noble lord had declared to be , what the country expected ; but they could not , consistently with their public feelings , refuse their services at a moment when they were called for by the sovereign at a difficult and trying crisis . The noble lord might lament the absence of an extended administration , but he had no right to arraign his maj. 's ministers for the arrangement , such as is now existed . But returning to the immediate question 485 before the house , he conjured their lordships hot to listen to a proposition for repealing the bill , at the time that it was beginning to produce the effects to be expected from it . Noble lords when they talked of the state of our military force , did-not seem to be aware how much had been added to it in the course of the last year . This number was no less than 28,000 , of which number there were no less than 18,000 for unlimited service . When noble lords objected to the small numbers raised by this bill , they ought to bear in mind , that at this moment there were nearly 800,000 men in arms . It was not , therefore , at all a matter of surprize that men were raised with difficulty , and he was sure that the amount of the men raised last year was no sort of proof of want of activity on the part of the executive government . An impulse had been given to the recruiting service which , if suffered to go on , would , no doubt , be productive of the best effects . To repeal the bill would be to interfere with this impulse , and under this conviction he felt it his duty to resist the noble lord 's motion . declared , that he could not discover from the documents on the table , where that large increase to our military force alluded to by the noble lord was stated . He saw only a statement of a few thousand men raised by the bill in the different parts of the United Kingdom . To talk , as the noble lord had done , of the effects of zeal and personal influence in insuring the success of the bill , was quite nugatory .