order which produced the capture . It was said , however , that at the period when that order was given , we would have been justified in going to war , and of course were justified in every measure that was short of war . In what light then was the capture of the frigates to be viewed ? Was it of war or precaution ? If , it was as a precaution , it was to be remembered that there was a most important distinction between detention of property in our hands and an attack on the royal flag of another nation : In the One case property might be restored , but in the other an apology , perhaps of a humiliating kind , might be necessary to v give satisfaction , not to mention the lamentable and unnecessary sacrifice of human lives . The measure , however , seemed to have been considered rather 456 as an act of war than of precaution . What dreadful consequences then must follow , it on the alleged violation of a constructive agreement , loosely worded , actual war were to be commenced ? If it was a measure of war , to what purpose instruct Mr. Frere to negociate on the footing of tranquillity , still existing ? To what purpose labour lo prolong peace , when war was actually begun ? It was like saying when a man had already been hanged , let him still have a fair trial to see whether there was reason to hang him or not . Indeed , there was something in this transaction that equalled in bad faith any of the most perfidious acts of the worst of governments in any age . What instance , unreprobated and uncondemned by history , could be found to justify it ? Suppose that discussions existed between any govt ; that a public minister was directed to negotiate for the removal of any obstacles that might disturb the existing tranquility : suppose that with much address he had prevailed upon the pride of the other govt . lo submit to concessions , that he had brought them to a temper of conciliation ; a post arrives from his court , and those with whom he had negotiated , then imagining that they were to reap the fruit of their concessions , when , instead of the confirmation of peace , it is announced that acts of open hostility had been committed while negotiations were going on upon the footing of actual tranquillity . What must be the feelings of such a govt. ? What would be thought of any public minister who could lend himself to such a scene of fraud and duplicity ? Is it possible that any person in the rank of a gentleman could descend to play so unworthy a part ? Yet , what was the fact here ? Had not the Spanish frigates been captured , and was not Mr. Frere instructed to negotiate as on the footing of uninterrupted peace , and to bring matters to an arrangement , altogether keeping out of the view hostilities committed ? He had no doubt , therefore , that Mr. Frere must have been imposed upon when employed to carry on a negotiation , concealing from Spain so important a fact as the capture of their frigates by an act of open hostility . What could have been the avail of any arrangement concluded while , that fact was unknown ? Must it not have broken up what had been done ? Was it not , therefore , in itself nugatory , and to the Spaniards most insulting , to negotiate with them , conceal- 457 ing so important a circumstance ? Were similar treatment to be experienced by this country from an ambassador negotiating in such a situation , it would be doubtful whether the ambassador , to use a phrase of Mr. Frere 's , would escape with impunity , from the more liberal spirit of the mob . Was there any good precedent for such a proceeding , and if there was any but those accursed precedents