; and on no occasion did he advance any sentiments different from those which he bad formerly expressed respecting it . He had always asserted that it would not be attended with that immediate effect which it was supposed could result from it ; and if he now consented to give it a fuller and more prolonged trial , it was out of respect for the sanction of the legislature by which it had been harboured . Never was it his idea or intention that it should oppress the people in the form of a tax ; and should it be proved so to operate , it should no longer meet with his approbation and support . With respect to the great variety of extraneous topics which had been introduced into the debate , and many of which , had been personally directed against himself , he should only say , that most of them , if not all , had no real foundation in fact . A noble baron ( Grenville ) had , on this and many other occasions , been very prodigal of opprobrious epithets in describing the administration of which , he bad formed a part . The terms imbecility and incapacity were continually used to characterise it ; but he still did not fear to challeuge that noble baron , or any other noble lord who indulged in the same accusations , to come forward with ; the statement of any one particular measure of his administration to which those insulting terms could justly apply . In the naval department he had seen nothing but wisdom , energy , and unremitting activity , and he should never in that house suffer any contrary assertion to pass uncontradicted . The same observation he felt himself called on to make , as to all the other departments . Every one of the measures by which the army was aug- 827 mented , had originated with the late ministers . The foreign corps , the German Legion , the Irish Levies , not to mention the very extensive measure of the Army of Reserve , were all planned and put in a train of execution before any change in the : government took place . As to the defence act , on which so much had been Said by many noble lords , he certainly had , in the first instance , disapproved of it , and though his opinion was not changed as to the principle , he was bound to bow to the wisdom of parliament which had formed it into a law . As it was now a law , he was desirous that the measure should be fairly tried on a great scale , and if it should not succeed , it would then be in the power bf noble lords to move for its repeal — With respect to the much condemned treaty of Amiens , such as that treaty was , it had been productive of the best consequences to the country . It was made under the necessity that the government should no longer resist the voice of the people for peace ; and in yielding to that call , government gave rise to that conviction , which since had been productive of the best effects , namely , that the nation were now sensible that a great and last exertion must be made to give security and : permanence to whatever treaty may hereafter be entered into . It is to that treaty Of Amiens that the country is also indebted for any improvement that may have since been made in our relative situation as to the continent . The moderation which that treaty evinced on our part , and the views that it opened to the great powers of Europe , more particularly to those of the North , were among the principal fetuses of the friendly disposition which they have since manifested towards this country . The noble viscount concluded by deprecating the present motion as a measure that must be practically mischievous in as much as it must tend , under such a critical situation of the