to demand a copy of the Family Compact . Lord Egremont , then secretary of state , instructed him at the same time , that if the copy should be refused , but an assurance given that it contained nothing hostile to England , he was to take that answer ad referendum , and to transmit it for the consideration of his court . He never heard lord Egremont censured as incapable or indecisive for this conduct , or because he did not give precise instructions to the ambassador to bring the matter to a decisive issue at once . He already stated ; that the substitution of a pecuniary contribution left our right of war unimpaired , Spain preferred that mode of giving her succour in the expectation that the amount would be reasonable , and when France demanded 24,000,000 dollars , the claim was disputed , and its justice calculated by a computation of the expence of the contingent . The demand was however peremptorily insisted on , and being complied with , our right remained the same This Mr. Frere repeatedly impressed when he informed the Spanish govt . that however a small and temporary contribution might be allowed in the hope of new situation of things , which would give room for a real neutrality , in room of the nominal one that now existed , no permanent or unreasonable contribution could be permitted . Was this a ground for conceiving our right abandoned , and for establishing the most dangerous doctrine that had ever been heard , that if a country had a right of war it should immediately go to war to avail itself of that right , and that it was not at liberty to take the chance of events for avoiding the war altogether Mr. Frere held out no hope to Spain but 440 on the conditions which were thought necessary to assure us . In his dispatch of the 24th Julie , he mentioned , that G. Britain had even then the right of commencing hostilities . The learned gent . here went through the particulars of the discussions between Mr. Frere and M. Cevallos , in which the conditions of an explanation of the terms of the treaty with France , the cessation of armaments , and the prohibition of the sale of captured British ships in the Spanish ports were made the primary conditions of our forbearance . He allowed , that if the conditions proposed were acceded to , it amounted to an agreement . The change of the word to convention , gave rise to an argument which he did not think material . The thing was the same whatever name was given to it . If a word of larger meaning were , after the agreement , substituted by either party , for a word of mere limited meaning , that meaning should be corrected by a reference to original terms . He then proceeded to shew that Spain had not adhered to the conditions proposed by us . He did not contend for any such thing as a reserved right of war to break out at pleasure , and the hon . mover of the amendment was not right when he imputed such an intention to lord Hawkesbury . The letter of that noble lord to Mr. Frere , of Nov. 24 , expressed an intention of this kind ; but it gave time , and if that time should have elapsed without altering the circumstances , notice was to be given that we could forbear no longer ; that we should have a war or a fair neutrality . His hon . and learned friend , who spoke last , had said , in the course of his argument , that it was incumbent on his maj. 's ministers to keep up the good faith for which this nation had ever been so deservedly celebrated ; and particularly in its relations with the Spanish govt . He would certainly be at all times a most strenuous advocate for keeping up the good faith and honour , as well as justice , of the nation