a state of the most profound tranquillity , when the people were said to be perfectly loyal , and when the Habeas Corpus Act was not suspended , that an event the most alarming and disgraceful that ever occurred in any country took place , that a dreadful insurrection broke out with circumstances of the foulest and most aggravated atrocity , and which were followed by the murder of one of the most upright and respectable magistrates who ever presided in a court of justice ; such was the secrecy with which conspiracies had been carried on in Ireland , that a state of apparent tranquillity could never be considered as a proof of the loyalty of the people . And whatever might be said of Ireland at this time , it was well known that numbers of disaffected persons were still to be found there , and that they carried on a traitorous correspondence with others of their countrymen residing in France is lord-ships next took occasion to allude to the objection that had been made against reading the present bill in all its stages on the same day . He could not see how any well founded objection could be urged against a proceeding of this kind which , had often been adopted on former occasions . He well remembered that the noble lord opposite to him ( Grenville ) had in the month of April , 1798 , brought in a bill to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act in England , without any previous parliamentary inquiry ; and that the bill was carried through all its stages on the same day . There were apparently no more grounds for such a proceeding at that time than at present . Yet it was a proceeding in which parliament concurred almost unanimously . Several times since that period it was not thought necessary to institute any inquiry upon which a measure of this kind could be grounded . But noble lords should recollect , that notice had been given of the intention of ministers to propose the reading of this bill in all its stages ; and that 589 notice having been received by their lordships constituted an order of the house , which amounted to an acknowledgment that such a proceeding was perfectly consistent with the visages and orders of parliament . There was nothing therefore , objectionable in what had been done : there was nothing out of the common order of parliamentary usage , and all objections must come with still less force when the shortness of the time was considered , and the necessity for passing this act . He should , therefore , conclude by assuring the noble lord , that it was the unalterable determination of ministers to have the bill read that very night in all its stages.—Their lordships then divided on the motion of Lord Hawkesbury ; contents 41 ; non-contents 13 ; majority 28. addressed their lordships to the following effect : —My lords , after having seen this measure brought forward without any previous inquiry , or without any single ground having been stated on which it can be justified or even defended ; after observing the precipitancy with which it is attempted to be hurried through the house , I. should willingly reject it altogether , were it in my power , because it goes unjustly to deprive a large portion of the subjects of the kingdom of the benefits they are entitled to from the constitution . But as I fear it is not possible to reject the bill , I wish to propose an amendment that will have the effect of doing away some of its evil consequences by limiting its duration . I wish to introduce an amendment by which it shall continue in force no longer than 6 weeks . During that interval the ministers will have an opportunity of coming to their sober senses ; they will have time to reflect on the nature and consequences of the bill , and to deliberate with themselves how far it may be expedient for them to renew it . If then it it should appear