the sense of the house being taken on this bill in the last session , the fact was , that the sense of not one-sixth part had been taken . stated , that there were in Liverpool alone above 10,000 persons completely engaged in this trade , besides countless numbers who were in some way or other affected and benefited by it . He had received instructions from his constituents to oppose the hon . gent 's , intentions with all his power.—The house having resolved itself into a committee , declared his surprise , that it should be insinuated he wished to press the matter with more haste than was consistent with propriety . If gentlemen would refer to the parliamentary journals , they would find that the proceedings were always the same . So far from any undue precipitation , he only meant to propose the first reading of the bill on Monday , and the second about Friday . He should now move , `` that leave be given to bring in a bill to abolish the Slave Trade in a time to be limited . `` —Leave was accordingly given , and the report was received and agreed to . rose to oppose the motion of the hon . baronet , and to move that `` the first of May '' be substituted . As ministers had allowed that there was no pressure of time which urged the imme- 523 diate passing of this bill , he confessed himself at a loss to know on what grounds they could rest their opposition to the inquiry which in his opinion was indispensable , before such a measure should be adopted . Nor was this his opinion alone ; be was supported in it by the highest authorities , particularly by one of the greatest writers on the laws of this country , who asserts , that an act tending to abrogate the independence and privileges of apart of the people , without any previous examination or enquiry into the necessity for such an act , was unconstitutional . A good deal had been said about the transpiring of secrets in a committee . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) had been frequently instrumental in forming such committees ; he called on him to state what was the danger to be apprehended ? He would not willingly anticipate a discussion that would most probably take place this session ; but he must say , that he did not believe Ireland in the state represented , as so lost to all sense of the advantage of her connection with G. Britain , as to be ready to tike refuge from her , in the arms of a foreign power . If so , we should try to restore in her more favourable sentiments towards us . He particularly called on gentlemen to consider , that by voting for his amendment , they did not hazard any danger . Time would then be given to make the enquiry which was so desirable . If we should then unfortunately find that the flame of rebellion in Ireland was not extinguished , but only smothered , and that other circumstances , equally strong , required the suspension of the Habeas Corpus , we might then agree to it with the satisfaction , at least , of having done so with propriety ; but if , on the contrary , we should find the situation of Ireland such as not to demand the further operation of the measure , we might then enjoy the pleasure of restoring to the Irish those liberties , which had for a time been withheld from them . At all events we should have the satisfaction of reflecting that we had not taken any hasty step ; but that we had acted with the prudence and circumspection which the importance of the case required . felt himself obliged to support the original motion . The merits of the question lay in a very narrow compass . All that could be stated in objection to it , had been stated in the ablest manner possible