what is called an Irish committee at Paris , he considered a reason for measures like that before the house , then is the French govt . furnished with the means of perpetually and sorely annoying this country , by depriving the people of their liberty . For that govt . has nothing more to do than to create , or to promulgate the existence of an Irish or an English committee also , and upon that , it seems , combined with the popular discontent which such measures as this under discussion , will always produce , an English minister may found a reason for investing himself and his friends with the extraordinary power of suspending the constitution of England . Among other singular and indeed incredible things , we are told by the supporters of this bill , that the majority of the people of Ireland will gladly hear of its re-enactment , because they are so confident of its necessity , and they are so much attached to lord Hardwicke , that they are convinced that any power would in his hands be safe from abuse . As to the disposition of the people I shall say nothing . But there are some facts with respect to the abuse of power in Ireland under this bill , which I shall take an opportunity of stating more at large , when the motion , of which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) has this day given notice , is brought before the house . There is one gross instance of abuse , which I can not even now refrain from alluding to ; I mean that of Mr. Todd Jones . This gent . I have reason to believe , has , on the ground of mere suspicion , suffered a most rigorous imprisonment in a loathsome jail , for upwards of 16 months . From the treatment he has experienced , and the situation in which he is placed , he has , in fact , suffered enough of punishment , even had he been guilty of a heavy crime . In- 332 deed , he has endured so much , that countries where the laws are less several it would be deemed quite sufficient to atone for treason or felony . There are other cases also which I could state , but I shall reserve them for the occasion I have already alluded to . But even suppose I allow every merit that may be ascribed to lord Hardwicke , or his secretary , and those immediately about his govt . still my objection to this bill would not be removed . For I feel it to be one of the great mischiefs of arbitrary power , that even though the principals in the administration of it be ever so virtuous , so vigilant , or so able , still acts will be committed by some of those to whom in its various ramifications , that power will be necessarily delegated , that the principals can not prevent , and which , if communicated to them , would make them shudder with as much horror as any other persons would be apt to feel . These are the reasons which urge me to resist this and the other bill , of which the hon . bart . gave notice some time since ; but of which , I hope , I shall hear no more . I can not see the least reason for the adoption of such measures , much less such strong grounds of necessity as could alone justify their introduction . I trust , then , that by rejecting them we shall shew the people that we have their liberty not merely in our mouths , but in our hearts ; and that we will not abandon our duty to preserve that sacred trust , upon idle rumours , or light ministerial whispers . said , that he had inquired into the situation of Mr. Todd Jones , and found , that though he was discharged , he had no reason to complain , as he was placed in as