; and , in the present case , that point had been most scrupulously adhered to . In the course of the negotiations relative to this treaty , we exact two conditions , on the exact fulfilment of which by the Spanish ministers , the whole basis or strength of our agreement , or convention , or compact , for he believed it had been alluded to by all these terms , was to rest . It was necessary , he thought , in this place , to state exactly whit we had obtained from Spain , in order 441 that she might keep out of the war which had just been commenced between France and this country . In the first place , then , Spain was to restrain itself from any appearance of hostile armament . Here again it may , perhaps , be asked , what it was that should be deemed to be such ? Mr. Frere , he said , always desirous to do away every doubt that might take place on the subject , had brought it to a more certain point , and , to avoid every probable chance of any mistake , he expressly says , that the court of Spain must abstain from all armaments . This shewed most clearly , that the measure was adopted in consequence of an express agreement on the occasion , which no neutral power could require ; as such , lord Hawkesbury , in his dispatches to Mr. Frere , said any armament whatsoever will be a cause of jealousy ; and why ? for this obvious reason , that if they had any armament at all , it might at any time be brought to act against us . It was hot , he said , by any means his intention to say that we ought to tie Spain down to the Strictest possible performance of that condition . He was far from wishing to infer that Spain should not be allowed to equip any ships , for the purpose of any internal service that might actually require it ; such as the conveyance of troops to quell any insurrection or rebellion , or any such a similar service of real necessity . It would first require proof that such armament as that described was wanting ; and there could be no doubt , but on the necessity and advantage being made apparent , the king 's minister at the court of Spain would readily give consent to every requisite adjustment that the court of Spain could desire . Here the hon . and learned gent . alluded to M. Cevallos 's letter , of the 1st of April , in which he states , that his maj. has acceded to the conditions demanded by Mr. Frere ; and on the 8th June , Mr. Frere states the conversation he had had with M. Cevallos on the subject . The next proof is M. Cevallos 's note of the 29th Oct. in which it is stated , that England agrees to the neutrality of Spain , on condition that she shall cease all armaments whatever , according to the true intent and meaning of the convention . M. d'Anduaga , in his letter of the 22d of Dec. states , that England had agreed to a neutrality on condition that they should cease from all ulterior armaments . Here seemed to be an ambiguous variation of the language in these two let- 442 ters , that of the 29th of Oct. stating , that , in return for the condition of neutrality , Spain was to cease from all armaments , according to the tenor of the convention , whilst that of the 22d of Dec. says , all ulterior armaments . There certainly was a difference in the wording of the two notes , which , with other circumstances , induced a suspicion that the Spanish ministers wished to introduce a phraseology that would bear a difference of interpretation . It has been said by his hon . and learned friend , suppose Spain had occasion to equip ships , in order to