be done away . said , that he was sorry to observe in the enumeration made by the hon . gent . who opened the debate , he had omitted the mention of his relation , Mr. Rose Fuller , who sat as chairman of the committee which framed that bill , and was as strenuous in support of it , as Sir G. Saville , or any of those whom the hon . gent . had selected a gentleman who was only attached to the service of his courttry , and kept himself always free from the contests of any parties . A short conversation then took place respecting the proper course to be followed ; when the question that the debate be now resumed , was carried in the affirmative for the purpose of moving afterwards that counsel be called in . then informed the house that the learned gentlemen , supposing the proceedings would be the same as on the former night , were not prepared to proceed . contended that they had no right to conclude that any other course would be adopted than that which had taken place on a former night , and he put it to the candour of the right hon . gent . himself whether he was not of the same opinion . admitted that he did think the present question involved in the former one . But when the debate had been last adjourned , it was under a distinct notice of the present motion , and therefore the counsel ought to have been prepared . He was not disinclined to grant any time consistent with the orders of the house , but it was derogatory from the dignity of the house to suffer itself to be trifled with . If the counsel , when called in , could assign any good reason for not being prepared to proceed , he should have no objection to agree to any convenient interval , before the debate should be resumed.—he order for resuming the debate being then read , and , the counsel being called in , on the motion of Mr. Sheridan , appeared at the bar , as counsel for the sheriffs , and stated , that he was not perfectly prepared ; but , if the house desired , he would proceed in the best manner he could . He allowed it was highly unbecoming in any man to appear at the bar of the House of Commons , otherwise than with every preparation which the best exertion of his faculties would enable him to attain . But if he might take the liberty of alluding to any thing that had passed in that house , there were some circumstances that had appeared in the printed votes of the house , which , in some measure , justified his precent deficiency of preparation ; It was at first to be understood from these votes , that it was the intention of the house to hear counsel ; from a subsequent vote , it was understood that counsel was not to be heard . He was now in attendance merely from the accident of having been in the neighbourhood , which had afforded his clients the opportunity of informing him that his presence was likely to be required . He took the liberty to remind the house , that there was no order for hearing counsel this day ; and though having formerly turned his mind very attentively to the whole of the circumstances of this case , and the law connected with it , he may possibly be still capable of calling many branches of it to his recollection so as not to be totally unqualified to present a statement of it to the house ; yet he would consider it as matter of favour to himself , and advantage , to his clients , if he was allowed time to review the case . He , therefore , conjured the house , to permit him again to look attentively over the precedents of parliament in this case , from the earliest times , and the law connected with