speak eloquently , and to judge rightly , were very different things . If it were merely to talk of humanity and justice , and those popular topics , the task would be easy ; but in the present instance the considerations were more important , as involving the great interests of the country , and that humanity and justice which was due even to numbers of bur Own people to whom the West India trade gave employment . As to all the arguments that had been urged on account of the present situation of affairs in the West Indies , he thought them of no Importance . Although we are now at war , out enemies can not take up the trade , yet we can not suppose that we are to be always at war , and if the trade was now abolished , as soon as peace should 660 be restored , the French might again take up that trade which we would so imprudently have thrown away . Those arguments , that were only built on temporary circumstances , were not entitled to much weight . An hon . gent . had spoken of the danger that Would arise of convulsions and insurrections , from the continual importation of labourers from Africa . It appeared to him that the danger lay on the other side . If you were to stop all future importation , such a measure must give a very strong turn to the minds of the negroes now upon the islands : they might well say , if you think that the situation of slaves is so dreadful , that you will not allow any more of our countrymen to be made slaves , why are we to continue slaves still ? If the abolition of the trade rests entirely on the reasons of humanity and justice , the same principles would lead as far as entire emancipation . If then , by abolishing the trade , you could convince the negroes in our islands , that their state was much more shocking than ever they had before considered it , the only consequence would be , that they would be more ripe for insurrection , which would bring an additional danger upon the colonies , From these considerations , he could not avoid opposing the second reading of the bill . said , he should trouble the house but very shortly , and be should not have done so at all if it had not been for some parts of the hon . baronet 's speech , which he thought required some observations . The hon . baronet had talked a good deal about splendid theories Which had been , at different times brought forward in that house , and powerfully supported by eloquence , and which were afterwards dropped . For his part , he Was Utterly at a loss to conceive what splendid theory it was which the worthy baronet alluded to ; but it appeared to be aft inference , which he chose to draw from his general positions , arid from his story of the Duke of Marlborough , that eloquence was So contrary to discrimination and judgment , that whenever the house heard an opinion eloquently and Well supported , they should , oh that account , rather presume it to be wrong . This would , indeed , be a very strange conclusion , and yet it followed , as clearly as possible , from what had fallen from the worthy bayonet . This great dread of eloquence was not peculiar to the worthy baronet . The Jacobins of France had also been much afraid of it was one of their maxims that there was 661 no sort of Aristocracy so dangerous as the Aristocracy of talents . The hon . baronet appeared to have imbibed that maxim , but he would hardly convince , the house , that the better they heard a measure supported , the more suspiciously they should receive it , and the more inclined they should be to consider it only a splendid theory . But what was the theory in