armament coming out ; and , as to Carthagena , no measure whatever was deemed necessary . It was curious to see , out of three cases , two of them thus entirely omitted , and all the fear and Apprehension confined to one . If Spain had a naval war in contemplation , was it probable that she should be totally unprovided with the means of carrying it on ? that she should have no timber at Cadiz , until the very last moment ? yet such appears to have been her real situation in that particular . So far from having her arsenals filled with naval stores to an extent which the consumption of war might require , she had no timber at Cadiz , but such as was barely sufficient for immediate purposes totally unconnected with the warfare . She had no contracts for naval stores , no provision was made that could indicate an hostile intention . Even Mr. Frere himself had borne testimony to these pacific appearances on the part of Spain , as in one of his dispatches he stated , that from all the information he had received from the coast , it did not appear that there were any armaments going forward . He admitted , at the same time , that another dispatch shortly after announced preparations in the port of Ferrol . He would ask , how were these discordant reports to be reconconciled ? The pacific disposition of Spain , if left to herself , was universally acknowledged , and her hostile conduct imputed entirely to the domineering influence of France . But , was it possible that the overbearing influence of France should be so unsteady in its operation , as not to be able 434 to exist ten days together without interruption ? It was strange , if warlike preparations were making at any time under the influence of France , always so uniform and steady in her enmity to England , that they should proceed only by starts , and be liable to such interruptions . The al-ledged destination of those ships at Ferrol has also been adduced as a proof of insincerity on the part of the Spanish govt . ; and the answer of the Spanish commander , stating that they were destined to convey troops to quell the insurgents in Biscay , has been argued upon as pregnant with internal evidence of falsehood , and totally inconsistent with truth . The subsequent march of the troops for that purpose , by land , was relied upon , as a proof of the fallaciousness of that explanation ; but he did not think it deserved so much weight as was attached to it . Although troops were afterwards sent to Biscay , by land , it did not follow but that it might have been thought advisable to have sent troops also by sea , and it was very possible that it might have been in the contemplation of the Spanish govt . originally to send those very troops by sea , which they afterwards marched by land into Biscay . He did not profess an accurate knowledge of the coast of Spain in that quarter disturbed by insurrection ; but he could conceive it very possible that it might have been deemed advisable to attack the insurgents at the same time by land and sea ; and although there might not be a very deep and commodious harbour on that part of the coast , yet troops might have been very well landed by boats from the shipping at a convenient distance . As a farther proof of the innocent intention of the armament in Ferrol , admiral Cochrane asserted , that the three ships composing it were only half manned . This is at once evidence of the fair intention of the Spanish govt . and of the weakness of the fears which the armament excited . That three ships , half manned , should be a force competent to produce such serious apprehension as would not allow his maj. 's ministers 24 hours time for deliberation , he could not conceive