( sir Wm . Pulteney ) when he said that the new tax would be an addition of 4s . on each individual of a family ; whereas , by referring to the consumption of salt , and comparing it with the population of the country , it would be found to amount to no more , on an average , than 4s . a year upon each family , and not on each individual . replied , that Scotland had not been subject to more than 4s . duty , when England paid ten , and that the whole amount of the duty for Scotland never exceeded 50,000l . vidicated the statement of his hon . relation ( sir W. Pulteney ) , that this sum must apply to individuals and not to families . In the report of the committee on the salt duties it was stated , that each person on an average consumed 14 pounds of salt in the year , and this by the old tax made 2s . 6d . The new tax would make 1s . 3d . more , being nearly the sum alluded to by his hon . relation . He was clearly against the tax , and maintained that it would hold out new temptations to smuggling , which , in the northern parts of the island , was already carried to au enormous extent.—The question being called for , the house divided , For the second reading now 93 Against it 60 Majority 33 704 —The bill was then read a second time and odered to be committed to-morrow.—Adjourned . at War took occasion to call the attention of the house to the subject of those petitions . It appeared to him that the petitioners complained of the evils of a , bill , which , in point of fact , had not yet come into action . The bill was hot to operate until corn was at a certain price ; and as no such case had yet occurred , he thought the people were deluded , and persuaded to feel a grievance of which they had yet had no experience . vidicated the right of the people to petition even where , the evil of which they complained was but likely to arise . In this case , however , the evil was actually experienced . The very passing of the act had done considerable mischief . It had created an alarm that had not yet subsided . It had raised the price of corn . But , even supposing that it had not produced that effect , if the object of the bill were exception able , it was of course such as the people were entitled to deprecate , and against which it was their right , interest , and duty to . petition . stated the object of the act to which the petitions referred , to be to promote agriculture by encouraging the farmers . But as the act had not yet been in operation , he maintained that the price of corn was not fairly attributable to it , and that corn would have been , from various circumstances , at its present rate , if that act had never existed . This he thought it necessary to mention , as a great delusion , had gone forth among the people 707 that the existence of this act had produced an enhancement in the price of corn . The petitions were ordered to lie on the table . observed , that an hour had elapsed after the usual time of meeting , and yet no progress had been made with the public business . Without meaning any thing harsh ; therefore , he proposed to move the house to proceed , with the orders of the day , as considerable inconvenience was felt by gentlemen : from such delays . said , if the public business was thus unnecessarily delayed , it would be difficult for a member to get a dinner more than one day in the week . replied , that there had been no delay of business on this