country . He was himself the representative of a county as sincerely attached as any in Ireland to Britain , and the Brit . constitution . This measure was called for by the loyal part of the people for their security and protection against the machinations of the disaffected . It was not now prudent or desirable to go through all the circumstances which rendered such a measure necessary in a country just freed from one rebellion which had succeeded to another , and in which this bill would be the principal support of the loyal and well affected . It was also satisfactory to have an assurance from experience , that the powers it gave would not he abused . He knew the nobleman at the head of the Irish govt . and had opportunities of seeing that he inherited from his illustrious ancestors a zealous attachment to the constitution . He had , in fact , conducted himself in such a manner throughout the whole course of his govt . that there was not a man in the country who had not the fullest confidence that he would not abuse any power entrusted to him . With respect to grounds to be laid by govt . from the information that had reached it , he had to say , that while he teas in office in Ireland ( as attorney general , ) information had been given by persons connected with the disaffected ; and that the exposing to public view the channels through which this information had been obtained , would have the effect to deprive govt . of the sources to future discoveries , and to expose the persons who had made the communication to the knife of the assassin . The numbers confined at present were but few ; and from the knowledge he himself had of some of them , they were justly detained . If an investigation could with prudence be granted , he had no doubt it would establish the necessity for the support and defence of the loyal . rose to offer a few obser- 316 vations upon this motion , which it was impossible for him to let pass without comment . The right hon . baronet had shewn no necessity whatsoever for a proposition which could not possibly be acceded to , without some reasonable ground . He had himself supported the suspension of the habeas corpus act on former occasions ; but he had never supported it without strong reason . The house had more than once voted such a suspension , but never without strong and clear grounds fairly proved or notoriously existing . He should be sorry it would vote it without such grounds . A measure of this sort , however , was not to be voted as a thing of course , like a malt tax , or any other annual money bill , merely because a minister moves it at 24 hours notice , without any clear reason given why the house should adopt it . It was extraordinary , too , that the arguments offered in support of the measure bore most strongly against it . The first was in fact the very worst that could be thought of . For if the existence of an Irish committee in Paris , or the govt . here being credulous enough to believe that such a committee existed , was on all occasions to be sufficient grounds for suspending the habeas corpus , the suspension would continue , as the hon . baronet very justly said , constantly during the war , and even perhaps in time of peace ; and the bare existence of such a committee may be made a ground of a similar suspension in every part of the empire . The question was not , however , what mischief such committees or those connected with them , intended , but what they could produce . It was not what disaffection , they wished or designed to raise in Ireland , but whether their means of disturbing that country were such , that the suspension of the habeas corpus was necessary