diminution of the enormous power of the enemy ; but , before he voted such a sum as this , he should expect to sec some prospect of accomplishing his object , by the co-operation of those powers bordering on France , such as Austria and Prussia ; but , without this aid , he could anticipate very little effect from powers so remote from it as Russia and Sweden To expect a reduction of the power of France , by means of such allies , would be as wild and romantic As the . measures said to be taken by some of the agents of England , who attempted to accomplish their purpose by the force of two bottles of sympathetic ink , and the sum of 500 guineas—.He also had great objections to the duty on salt . This house had voted , about four years ago , that it was highly impolitic to tax that commodity . It was strange now that it was proposed to tax it doubly . This he supposed was the difference between a weak and inefficient administration , and a strong and vigorous one . Another objectionable tax was that on horses used for husbandry . The right hon . gent , had lately given his assent to a bill which had for its object to courage 564 agriculture , and now he came forward with a resolution of this nature ! Two years ago , when the war had commenced , the house had been pompously told , that the war would be carried on by 12 million of war taxes , without borrowing a larger sum than was annually reduced by the sinking fund . He , on the contrary , had stated , that the expenditure would amount to 42 millions , when our force was carried to its utmost extent , and that we should be compelled , to borrow 23 millions . The result now was , that our whole expenditure this year was upwards Of 49 millions , and amounted to 44 millions independently of the subsidy , and that the loan , in place of 7 millions , was 22½ millions for England , and 2½ millions for Ireland . said a few words upon the subject of the million which was to be paid to the East India Company . This was the second time that parliament was called on to make an advance to them of the same amount ; and yet every statement which was made of their finances , declared that they were at present in the most prosperous situation , and held out the most flattering prospect of increasing wealth in future . He would not say , that nothing was now owing by government to the Company ; but he could not help remarking , that the 500,0001. which they had covenanted annually to pay the public , was never stated to have been actually so paid but once . But , in fact , there was no parliamentary evidence of the existence of the debt . The house had , indeed , the word of a right hon . gent , that it was so ; but that was not a parliamentary ground Upon which they had a right to dispose of the public money ; and it was evident to him , that neither the former nor the present sum ought to be paid without a parliamentary inquiry , and a satisfactory proof being given to the house of the existence of the debt . If it was proved that the debt did originally , exist , the house would then have to inquire , whether or no it was liquidated , or nearly liquidated . The Company would then have to give in an account of their stock , and would be obliged to make a deduction according to the state of the account between them and the public . If the statement given in the course of last session was strictly true , and that in reality the Company 's debt from the country was neatly liquidated , than the legal consequence ought to be