appear , that in 6 months after the commencement of the war , the country had 800,000 men in arms , and was in a progressive stale of discipline . There was in tins country a greater force than that in any preceding period ; the regular force for the defence of Ireland was twice as great ; and in the month of January , 1804 , there was in the united kingdom as great a force , within 14,000 men , 499 as at any period of the late war . If the fencible regiments which had been disbanded at the peace , were excluded , the regular force oh foot , within 6 months after the commencement of hostilities , exceeded by 10,000 men that of any period during the preceding war . He thought it necessary to say so much in defence of himself . He had that night , for the first time since he had had the honour of a scat in that house , heard what he had been too much accustomed to hear in another place , but what made ' little impression on him , namely of the inefficiency of his maj 's . late ministers . Every thing necessary for the security of the country they had done ; every measure which could conduce to ensure its safety , and uphold its honour and character , they had resorted to . He claimed no merit on that account ; what he had done was only in the prosecution of his duty ; be would have betrayed his trust to the public if he had acted differently ; the charge of neglect and inefficiency was one which neither did or could attach to him , or to those with whom he acted , and he would , whenever it should be urged against him , repel it with all the contempt and indignation which lie felt it deserved . With respect to the bill , he was persuaded this was not the moment to repeal it , and he should therefore give his negative to the motion of the noble lord . expressed his satisfaction that the noble viscount had addressed their ldps . before him . In many of the sentiments which had been delivered by the noble viscount , he was happy to express his concurrence , as they corresponded perfectly with his own . Whatever he should say in that house , he wished to be considered as coming from a peer of parliament , for in no other respect would lie enter that house . He was extremely anxious to hear what the noble viscount had to say on this bill , a bill which had been so unequivocally condemned by many noble lords who had acted with him , and from one of whom ( the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster ) he had heard a most eloquent speech in exposure of it . Indeed , all the late govt . were unanimous in exposing it . He heartily coincided with the noble viscount in the encomiums he had pronounced upon that patriotic spirit which produced the volunteer force . He was himself a volunteer officer , and he would admit that a very great force had been raised . There was an obvious inconsistency in the administration ; a great 500 part of the present had charged the last with being imbecile and incapable of carrying on the govt . Well , the govt . was changed , and what did their successors do ? Why , as the consummation of all their mighty promises , they produced the present bill , which hid answered no one of the objects which it proposed to effect . With respect to the volunteer system , he was a friend to it , if it were managed as it might and should be . But , in order to derive the full advantages which that system was capable of , it must undergo much alteration . The first charge by which an impression was made against the late administration , was , that they had neglected the volunteer