contended , that before any re-monstrances could have arrived in Spain , even before they had been dispatched from this country , acts had been committed that amounted to war , and this had been done without any explanation . And this act of hostility was not a precaution for the purpose of preventing troops being sent to Ferrol , which had been complained of , but a precaution taken to prevent a subsidy to France , to which they seemed to have made no positive objection . They had not taken measures to secure Portugal previous to breaking with Spain , nor were we now in a situation to protect her . Nor were we . able , he thought , to make any impression or the Spanish settlements of America , 353 which with some might be thought a principal motive for the war , and even if we were he would disapprove , he said , of such a measure . It would only be multiplying those grounds of dissension of which we had already too many . For these reasons , the noble lord flattered himself that a great part of the house would be ready to give their concurrence to the amendment proposed by the noble earl . contended , that the system of forbearance pursued by his maj. 's ministers in the early period of this business , was justified by our own situation , and by that of Europe . Spain had also held out some hopes that she might not be entirely subservient to the views of France . From reasons of policy also he justified the subsequent conduct of govt . Were they blamed because they had made no previous declaration of war ? this conduct , the noble lord argued , was not unprecedented . It was thus that the Spanish armada had attacked our shores , and it Was thus that the war of the year 1756 had commenced without any previous notice . This point the noble lord farther illustrated from ancient as well as modern policy , and argued , that it was by no means inconsistent with the laws of nations . Though they had made no declaration of war , however , a dispatch had been sent intimating that their forbearance was only temporary . It was impossible for his maj. 's govt . as circumstances stood , to avoid the war : he would therefore , his lordship said , give his vote for the address . maintained , that if war was commenced without any previous declaration , it ought to be on such grounds only as were clear to ourselves and to all Europe . Nothing less could justify the omission of such a formality . He reprobated the capture of the frigates , and thought it little better than a species of piracy . He contended that the sum given to France by Spain was not , contrary to what had been stated , more thin an equivalent for the stipulated contingents , of men and ships . There were strong grounds for peace , he argued , founded in policy , on account of Portugal , which was by this means , left exposed , or would be obliged to declare against us also . He had never heard the reason , he said , why other ships of war , and vessels carrying naval stores , were permitted to pass unmolested , while we had thought ourselves authorized to seize on the frigates . This circumstance-would na- 354 turally lead one to imagine , that the arrival of those ships had induced his maj. 's govt . to commence hostilities . His ldp . concluded with observing , that we had the misfortune to have the opinion of the rest of Europe against us.—The house then divided on the question , `` that the amendment do stand part of the motion . '' was of opinion , that at so late an hour , it would be advisable to adjourn the debate . said , that he should Certainly oppose the adjournment , if a motion to that effect