of expediency . But you are not justified in suspending this right with an intention of insisting upon it at some future period , you . can not keep it in petto producible at pleasure when it may suit your own convenience . How is the British envoy instructed to act ? Not to make the manly and ingenuous communication in what light the treaty is viewed by his court , but in the cant of special pleading he is directed to protest against the convention . Now is this special pleading reserve , this `` pro-testing always '' and that too , upon the matter immediately in issue , fit to be introduced into a great political question where the point in issue between two independent nations is no less than that of peace or war ? To a question put by M. Cevallos , whether a continuance of the pecuniary succours would be considered as a ground of war , he says `` he is authorized so to declare it , and that war would be the infallible consequence . '' This is categorical and definitive enough . In the very next paragraph , speaking of discussions 416 which took place at a subsequent period , he says , that until the stipulations of the convention between France and Spain are communicated to him , `` he could give no positive answer whether the pecuniary succours would be made a cause of war or hot . '' Now , what is Europe to think of the wisdom of your councils , when there is upon the face of your proceedings so much fluctuation , indecision , and uncertainty , when they see that you have not even the wit to state your own case with consistency ? On the 18th of Feb. the British minister declares , that all further forbearance on the part of England must depend upon the cessation of all naval armaments and a prohibition of the sale of prizes in their ports . On the latter of these points a satisfactory answer was given , and as to the former , there was no appearance of naval preparations at that period whatsoever , and it was also very worthy of remark that there was long afterwards as little appearance of naval armaments , as would appear by referring to a dispatch from Mr. Frere to lord Harrowby , dated so long ago as the 5th of July . In the month of Aug. the British chargé d'affaires is stated to receive advice from admiral Cochrane , of reinforcements of soldiers and sailors arriving through Spain for the French fleets at Toulon and Ferrol . Possibly there might be some arrivals at Ferrol , but in the papers on the table there is no trace of any reinforcements reaching Toulon , nor indeed did it appear how they well could through Spain , so that Toulon , it should seem , was ^introduced merely as an elegant expletive . Again , it was stated in the declaration , that towards the end of September , information was received in London from admiral Cochrane , of orders having been given by the court of Madrid for arming without loss of time in the ports of Ferrol , Carthagena , and Cadiz , and the packets as in time of war . In consequence of this intelligence the British minister is directed to remonstrate and demand explanations . Now , the order of the admiralty under which the Spanish frigates were attacked , bore date Sept. the 18th , so that you issue a hostile order to your fleets at the very time when you direct your minister at Madrid to remonstrate and demand explanations . But , what was he directed to demand ? `` Above all that their armaments should be placed on the same footing as before the commencement of hostilities , '' not the period of the con- 417 vention , or agreement or understanding , by whatever name it was to be called , as had been conceded to M. Cevallos by the British chargé d'affaires . Now , as this had