taking Spanish treasure , although it appeared that the armament was innocent ? An expectation , it is said , was entertained that the treasure would Come home from America in single ships , and this had been relied upon as an answer to the objection to the force of the squadron that engaged the Spanish frigates off Cape St. Mary , but the reverse he would venture to state was the fact . Several months prior to that event , information was received , that the Spanish treasure ships would sail in company . An accurate list , containing their names , & c. was published , from whence it appeared , that 5 were to sail together from Lima ; and yet , with the advantage of all this knowledge , a squadron of only four frigates was employed to intercept them . So much for the expectation , that the treasure would be brought home in single ships . Let no man suppose that this disparity of force upon the present occasion was a matter of little importance . The honour of the flag is dear to every maritime nation , and , perhaps , there is nothing so likely to involve two countries in hostilities as any insult offered to it . The hon . and learned gent . condemned the conduct of the administration in the most pointed manner , and availed himself of every Opportunity that the papers afforded him to censure their proceedings . When we called upon the nations of Europe to support whatever of civilization there was remaining in Europe , it was necessary that we should endeavour to keep our own conscience free from any acts that could weaken our appeal . We should not seek to relax the ties by which men were hitherto bound to the principles 437 of rectitude . We should not seek for precedents of wrong , nor make cases to justify our own violations . In common matters he would not go against the sense of the house , but in cases like this , it was for the house to consider , whether it would become it to decide without hearing all the arguments that could be offered ; for himself , nothing should deter him from saying what his duty and his judgement dictated on an occasion which so deeply involved the honour and character of the country . said , he would confine himself to the topics which were most important , and which bore most on the issue of the question , without going into the variety of details foreign to the main point into which other gentlemen had entered so much at large . There was much in the conduct of administration , and in the mode in which this business had been managed from the commencement , that might afford room for a great variety of opinions without bearing at all on the main question ; but which might yet if much enforced in debate , have great influence on the decision as to that question . These points were certainly much connected with the question , but they ought not at all to enter into the decision upon it . Neither could he see how the dispatches in the early part of the negotiation could be made to enter into the consideration . The war originated in a remote cause , which was the unrenounced treaty of St. Ildefonso , and in a proximate cause , which was the intelligence of the preparation of armaments , and the refusal to explain the objects of these armaments . He conceived we had a right to demand an explanation of these objects on several considerations . First , our situation was to be considered , involved as we were in a war with France . Then , how far our situation with Spain was changed by this war with France , Then , what engagements we had entered into with Spain , whether by agreement or convention , for the name was immaterial , in order to ascertain what we gave to Spain , and on what conditions .