that renders the judges independent of the crown . J am extremely sorry that it should have ever been found necessary to take a business of this very important and peculiar nature into your consideration , and that such a case should have ever occurred . Of the circumstances you neither have , or can have , as yet , any information that can now be examined into . However , as articles of impeachment are to be laid before the house against a judge of the land ; for the sake of pure justice , for the sake of the constitution , and for the fake of the judge himself , who is placed in this peculiar situation , and whose character rests upon the result , it is necessary that the charge should be investigated speedily . I would therefore propose , that the necessary documents be laid upon the table on Monday , and that the house shall , at the same time , determine upon the form and mode of the proceeding upon them . said , that this being a new and important case , he must object to any proceeding upon the documents , on the same day in which they were laid before the house . As , however , the noble lord who spoke last , thought that the greatest dispatch was necessary , and as the noble marquis had stated himself perfectly prepared , he saw no reason why the papers should not be laid upon the table to-morrow , if no other business was pressing . said ; if it were the wish of the house that he should , bring forward the articles to-morrow , he would do sp ; at the same time , he did not expect so early a day would be apt pointed . So late as this morning , some , alteration had been made in the wording of one of the articles , and he was not sure that it might not be made still more , complete . However , as he had declared , himself ready , he should not recede from , his word , but produce the articles- tomorrow , if the house thought fit , At the same time , he wished the business might stand over until Monday . hoped , that the house would concur with him in opinion , that the papers should be laid upon the table on , Monday , and that Wednesday be fixed for taking them into their consideration—The house accordingly acquiesced in this arrangement . said , that from the manner in , which the noble lord , respecting whom he meant to make a motion , had acquitted himself , and the satisfaction which he had given their lordships , he anticipated their , unanimous vote . He accordingly moved , that Lord Walsingham be re-appointed chairman of the several committees , & c. of the house . Agreed to ncm . dis.—Adjourned acquainted the house , that the house had this day attended his Majesty in the House of Peers , where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious speech from the throne ; of which , to prevent mistakes , he had obtained a copy . He then proceeded to read the speech from the chair , for which we refer to our report of the proceedings of the Lords , ( see p . 1 . ) After the speaker had finished reading the speech , rose , and spoke as follows : —I rise , sir , for the purpose of moving an address to his majesty for the most gracious speech we have just heard . I am aware of the importance of many of the topics which , in the speech that has now been read , arc submitted to the consideration of the house . But , at the same time , I believe , that there are few-points which can disturb the unanimity which ought to prevail at this momentous crisis . Our situation requires unanimity , and therefore I trust that none will be disposed to take any