. gent . had described the commission as giving large and discretionary powers : it gave no such powers , it limited precisely the powers it gave , and the objects of those powers . The commissioners were only impowered to digest and report to the admiralty the beat means 224 of carrying into execution such reforms as should appear to them to be proper , in consequence of the reports of the commissioners of naval inquiry . This was the whole of the discretion granted to them . He had no objection to the production of the commission ; he only said thus muck , to prevent its being understood that such an unlimited discretion was given as the hon . gent . supposed . A copy of the commission was ordered . gave notice , that on an early day he should make a motion for information , whether any proceedings had been instituted by the lords of the treasury against John Fordyce , esq . who appeared indebted to the public in the sum of 80,000l . said , if any motion were to be made on this subject , it would be perfectly competent to the hon . gent . to make it now . It happened that Mr. Fordyce was one of the persons to whom the commission lately adverted to by the hon . gent . was issued , as one of the fittest persons to carry it into execution ; and he had no doubt of his appearing blameless , with respect to the deficiency the hon . gent . meant to make the subject of his motion . rose to inquire whether anymore papers were to be laid before the house , in addition to the two sets which had already been delivered ? There still appeared to him to be a very great deficiency in those popers , and he wished to know whether this deficiency was likely to be supplied by the production of any additional papers ? replied , that there were some more papers to be delivered , and that he expected them every minute . The hon . gent . would then be better able to judge , whether there still remained any deficiency or not . after all the information which the papers already moved for contained , still expressed himself of opinion that there were several important deficiencies to be supplied , and points of the highest consequence to be explained . The deficiencies at present existing , were of papers from the office of the sec , for the foreign department , and the board of admiralty . Of the latter he should , at present , say nothing , because all the papers he had moved for were not yet produced , and till they were on the table , he could not ascertain to what extent the deficiency of evidence existed . As to the deficiencies from 225 the sec . of state 's office , he had to offer a few observations . What , in the first place , he wished to ascertain , was , whether , previous to the 2d June , down to the 24th Nov. there existed any papers illustrative of the steps taken by our ministers to obtain any satisfactory explanation of the treaty of St. Ildefonso . He was also anxious to know whether , during the long interval betwixt the 21st Jan. and the 29th Nov. no instructions whatever were given by Lord Hawkesbury , or the person who succeeded him in the office of foreign sec . to our minister at Madrid , on the subjects in dispute betwixt the two countries . If no such instructions were given , it was fit that this should be stated to the house . If , on the other hand , instructions were given , it was proper that the house should be in possession of them to enable them to form a fair judgment of the whole of this very extraordinary negotiation . On a former day he had moved for a copy of all information received of the passage of French troops