their lordships with the conviction , that the best idea that could be formed of the minds from which proceeded the measures he and his noble friends condemned , was from the speeches with which it was attempted to support them ? He wished , however , that the noble lord , in pity , not to those on that side , but to those whom he wished to defend , bad looked to his right hand and his left before he ventured to charge him and his noble friends with inconsistency , in not supporting the measures the present government had brought forward . he did not mean to charge inconsistency upon his noble friend opposite , who voted for a motion similar to this last year , and who would vote against it this year . He thought that any man who saw reason to think the military state of the country greatly improved , acted an honest and conscientious part in giving his vote accordingly ; but for himself , who saw not the smallest reason for changing his former opinion on this subject , lie thought it but reasonable and fair to claim credit at least for consistency , when he thought that if ever necessary , it was tenfold necessary now . But before he proceeded to that part of what he intended to offer to their lordships , he should observe upon the language that had fallen from the noble secretary of state opposite , that it was not fit that any proposition relative to the military state of the country should be originated in parliament , but by the executive government ; Gould it be heard without astonishment , in the parlia- 821 ment of the United Kingdom of G. Britain and Ireland , that that parliament , which regulated and controuled by its acts the amount , the description , and the discipline of the whole armed force of the empire , and which , for the purpose of having that controul more complete , voted all the military acts only from year to year—was : it to be heard without astonishment and indignation , that that parliament , or any member of it , bad no right to interfere with its own military acts ! that it was to be converted into a mere elective assembly , to sanction or reject by its vote whatever ministers the crown may appoint , and whatever measures those ministers may propose ! Such language had for the first time within his parliamentary experience , and he believed within the records of parliament , been uttered this night by a secretary of state , and he was sorry to say , as yet without any mark of the disapprobation of their lordships . In looking back to the proceedings of last year , when a motion precisely similar to that made this night was supported by all that was eminent in rank , talents , and property , in the country , united in what the noble lord opposite was pleased to call a faction , it was but natural to ask , what had been done since to convince any one , except , those who were then of that faction , but now members of the present able administration , that a similar enquiry was not deemed necessary now ? Much as he had heard this night with sorrow , there was one thing that he had heard with infinite satisfaction . It was the avowal that the act of last year , the repeal of which had been moved by a noble friend of his , should be altered . He for one would most gladly support any alteration that might be proposed , for it was impossible that any alteration could have any effect but to amend it , though no alteration would be complete but that of a total repeal . He was sure the noble lords opposite saw the necessity of the repeal , for if they did not repeal it , it would repeal itself by falling to a mere nullity . It was , indeed , impossible