that bench ; and he implored them , as the greatest mark of friendship they could confer on him , to furnish an opportunity to disclose the source and spring of every action of his life , public and private ; more especially those which governed his conduct as first lord of the admiralty . said , that he could not Undertake to give any answer , or to enter into an explanation respecting what had passed in another place ; but , as far as his own enquiries went into the noble lord 's conduct , either before or after he left his situation , there did not certainly exist any grounds for thinking that such a 338 measure as the noble lord alluded to was in contemplation . again rose , and after making some apologies to the house , said , that he was not satisfied with that answer ; and that he positively repeated his demand to be informed , whether there was any intention to bring a charge against him , or not ? repeated , that according to any information he might be supposed , from his official situation to be capable of giving , he was not aware of the existence of any such intention as that to which the noble lord had alluded . wished to know whether another report , from which much was expected , would be forthcoming from the commission appointed to enquire into the naval department ? Their services were so eminently useful that he had no scruple in saying , they were entitled to the thanks of that house.—On the motion of the Duke of Clarence , the tenth report was ordered to be printed . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration the papers relative to the discussion with Spain , and also the additional papers , presented on the 2d , 4th , and 6th days of February , copies of which will be found in p. 61 , 171 , 229 , and 291 of this volume . His ldp . said , that in laying the different papers and documents before their ldps . from time to time , he had been guided by a sincere and anxious wish to have that house as fully and completely informed upon the subject , in every respect , as the other house of parliament . He wished to call the attention of the house to this point , merely with a view to impress their ldps . with the conviction that whatever difference of opinion might possibly exist as to the subject in general , or any of its parts , there existed no desire , on the part of his maj. 's ministers in that house , to conceal or withhold any information whatever , which it was safe or practicable to lay before parliament . With respect to the general subject which they were about to consider , he was fully sensible of its importance and magnitude , and he trusted it would fully appear , on due enquiry and investigation , that the state in which this country is now placed , with respect to Spain , was not in the smallest degree desired , sought for , or still less provoked by any conduct on the part of his maj. 's govt . 339 One of the first considerations which naturally presented itself , in viewing the question , and one upon which much of its merits depended , was the stipulations of the treaty between France and Spain , concluded at St. Ildefonso , On this document , great stress was naturally kid , and , in appreciating its merits , comparisons were entered into between it and the treaty concluded between the French and Spanish branches of the house of Bourbon , in 1761 , known by the appellation of the Family Compact . However , he thought the fair result of a comparison between these treaties would be very different from certain con elusions which had been drawn . The Family Compact paid due regard to that general principle of the law of nations ,