longer ; another , a fifty-gun ship , an old West-Indian , was broken-backed in the river , and was reported in that state , but was purchased nevertheless , and others of them are still in the river . One went out neither fit to go to sea nor to ride at anchor . She went without her convoy , not because they could not keep up with her , but because she was quite unmanageable . It will also appear on inquiry that the present Admiralty board , has ordered the purchase of some West Indiamen in the river , which were reported to that board to be incapable of being made fit for use at the time of the purchase , and which were still lying in the river . Such are the ships of war which the present vigorous Admiralty have added to our fleet , and they have against that addition reduced it by dismantling 7 ships of the line and several frigates . By the bye , as a sample of the wisdom of building vessels of war in merchants dock yards , which the right hon . gent , once so strongly recommended , all those dismantled vessels had been so built , and not one of them had been in use above 7 years . The addition of men alleged to be made to the naval service , under the present Admiralty , does not exceed 5000 . When you take the slight trouble of considering what was the great increase made by the noble earl during his administration of naval affairs , and compare it with what has been done since , after all the boast that was made , and all the charges you beard , the performances of the present administration sink to ridicule . Why does net the right hon . gent . put his assertions 736 to the test ? Why does he not bring forward an examination of the conduct of the late board of admiralty ? While he refuses to come to that test , bow unjustifiable is it in him , to state in this house , to the prejudice of that gallant veteran officer , that all he has heard , and all he has read , and all he has seen , have convinced hint of the justice and propriety of the accusations be made , when he arraigned in this house the conduct of the noble earl 's naval administration ? On this subject I do not wish to say any more at present . But I must observe , that if the evil hour should ever come when government shall find it necessary to call on that noble and gallant admiral again to hoist his flag , not more for the terror and dismay of our foes , than for the benefit of his example throughout the British navy , by his skill and valour , and his strict observance of that discipline which is so essentially necessary to the existence of our fleets , and of which he himself is so decided an instance in his own rigorous observance and his self-devotion to the service , they will be deeply and solemnly responsible for having sent out that naval hero with all the impressions they have made by endeavours to lower his character in the eyes of the navy , calumniated , and half disgraced , and disheartened ( as far as they could ) , to the fleet , with the name of a harsh , a rigorous , and an oppressive tyrant.—Having said so much as to the matter and the effects of this bill , I beg to say a word upon the bill itself . In looking over it , every clause seems to be drawn up with a characteristic degree of confidence . It states , first , that whereas it is necessary to raise 85,000 men ; it proposes to raise that number within the year . On the next year it proposes to raise as many men as shall be necessary to supply the deficiencies occasioned in the additional force , &