giving the notice . It would , perhaps , have been at least as civil had he been made previously acquainted with the intention of the hon . gent . The hon . officer concluded with moving , for the whole of the correspondence which passed between him and the two boards on the charges against him . declared , that had it not been for what had fallen from the hon . officer , he should not have said a single word more upon the subject . That hon . officer had said that the board adopted a particular mode of proceeding , because they thought that it would be agreeable to the admiralty . On the 9th of April , he said , he had been promised to be furnished with the papers he required . That board was only three weeks longer in existence ; it was therefore impossible that he could have been supplied by them with a copy of the papers in Aug. the time to which he had alluded . As to the idea of officers being ready to meet enquiry , or , in fact , being anxious for it , it had been seen , in that house , that when such persons , or the nearest relatives of them had supported , or voted for the inquiry , there were other persons , ( members of his maj. 's govt . ) who openly resisted the investigation , and the necessary papers were not produced . A right hon . gent . who professed himself at that time , to be as anxious as any other member of that house to promote the inquiry , had since come into office ; and from the superiority of information which his situation afforded , he should have expected that the right hon . gent . would have brought the subject again . before parliament . He , however , had not thought fit so to do . It was therefore not to be wondered at that a new board of admiralty did not wish to follow up the measures of their predecessors in a similar instance . observed , that he thought every hon . gent . would at once perceive that a person might very well disapprove of the conduct of a preceding administration , and yet not enter into a respect of the conduct of those who had composed it . He disapproved of the conduct of the late board of admiralty , yet did not think himself called upon to take a retrospect of the measures of the noble earl who presided , or those of the gent . who assisted a at that board . Though thinking on these 275 subjects as he did , yet he entertained an unabated respect for the public services of the noble lord . However , he thought it a little too hard to hear it said , that he had changed his opinion , because he had not exhibited motions against the late naval administration of this country . As to his opinion of that administration , he begged that he might be distinctly understood . Every opinion he had entertained of it when out of office , had been confirmed by every thing he had seen , or read , or heard , since his being in office . Yet the . hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) betrayed his inconsistency a little , in accusing him of negligence of his duty , in regard to his forbearance towards the late admiralty ; whereas the hon . gent. , had his recollection not failed him , might have remembered a period when the doctrine of retrospect would not have proved very favourable to him . I should have thought , sir , that the right hon . gent . would have displayed a greater accuracy than he has done . What happens in youth makes a permanent impression . At the period to which the right hon . gent . has alluded , he was very young . Young memories , however , are retentive of circumstances that eminently