the prince of peace , that to preserve the neutrality of Spain they were willing to make a pecuniary sacrifice . The demands of France were urgent ; and Mr. Frere writes , that a sum of not less than 250,000l . ft month , or 3,000,000l . a year , were the terms , and though Spain had pleaded for a decrease , it appears to have been the sum settled , and indeed rather with increase than diminution . This event , in which the influence of France over Spain was so manifest , must have led ministers to conclude , that the hopes of the neutrality of Spain would prove visionary . Mr. Frere , in dispatches , dated 12th Sept. mentions , that the Spanish govt . in answer to his remonstrances on this subject , had stated , that it was better for this country that they should 372 make pecuniary sacrifice to preserve their neutrality ( though it appeared , from every account , that this pecuniary commutation was no less than 3,000,000l . ) than that they should have supplied the stipulated succours in kind , and a nominal declaration of war which must have ensued . This mode of reasoning is undoubtedly absurd and ridiculous , for how could the Spanish govt . have expected that this country would have considered the declaration merely nominal , and have abstained from active hostility ? But I mention this , not on this account , but to show that the Spanish govt . themselves , far from thinking even the limited succour consistent with neutrality , considered that at least a nominal declaration of war must be the inevitable consequence of supplying them . In a subsequent dispatch from Mr. Frere , dated 20th Sept. he mentions , that he had heard that the subsidy demanded by France was 700,000l . a year , and that this was considered too much by Spain , which of fered 600,000l . If then the Spanish govt . considered 700,000l . as excessive , is it not clear , by their own confession , that 3 millions , was infinitely more than this country was bound to consider compatible with any principle of neutrality ? —Nothing farther of importance took place in the discussion except a note , respecting the passage of French seamen to Ferrol to reinforce the crews of the fleet there , a subject on which I forbear at present to comment . On the 9th Oct. Mr. Frere writes , that the negotiation with France was concluded . Mr. Frere , however , was unable to procure any official communication of the arrangement with France , though from every in formation he could procure it amounted to 3 millions sterling a year . What we know of that convention , however , is sufficient to stamp the conduct of Spain as hostile ; and the refusal of a communication of its terms , up to the very date of the rupture , was of itself sufficient to justify war . What we know , then , is itself a distinct and specific ground of war , unless it be contended , as I can not suppose it will be in this house , that a war subsidy of 3 millions is not an infringement of neutrality , and does not render Spain a principal in the war . The Spanish govt . indeed , all along contended , that the subsidy , the extent of which they refused to communicate , was Only an equivalent for the succours stipulated ; but we are not told , whether it was to be considered an equivalent for the limited , or far the 373 unlimited succours . If to the latter , nothing can be more absurd ; and , if as to the former , on what principles of calculation is the equivalent estimated ? Under the name of an equivalent any sum might have been paid . In different nations different estimates of that equivalent would be formed . In this country , owing to circumstances connected with our prosperity , though sometimes