the morning , how far his motions could be complied with . said , he would state , for the satisfaction of the house , what the papers were which he thought should be laid before their ldps . He wished , exclusive of those which he had already mentioned , that the answers which had been returned by lord Hawkesbury , to the different letters of M. d'Anduaga , should be brought forward . The document , however , which he was the most anxious to obtain , was the information imparted to lord Harrowby by M. d'Anduaga , respecting the armaments at Ferrol , as upon that would depend the propriety of the orders for the capture of the Spanish frigates . Although that information might have been verbally communicated , it was to be presumed , notwithstanding , that his noble friend had made some minute of the conversation for the information of the other members of the administration . If that were not so , it would yet be practicable to give their ldps . the information besought , by applying to his noble friend in the same way that information had been obtained from Mr. Frere , respecting a point on which there was some doubt . He wished also to obtain a copy of such answer , if any , as had been made to M. d'Anduaga 's letter of the 22d Dec . He wished also for a copy 222 of M. Cevallos ' note of the 27th Feb ; 1804 to Mr. Frere , and which he supposed there could be no objection to furnish ; for what was proper for him to receive , Could not be considered as improper to be laid before parliament . The noble lord made no motion , but handed the list of motions to the noble secretary of state.—Adjourned . in rising to move the house on this subject , thought it sufficiently proved that he did not mean to trouble the house causelessly , when he stated , that on a ballot at the India house relative to the proposed establishment at that island , there were 325 out of 736 against the question ; which was thus carried by a majority of only 86 . The papers he meant to move for , were merely such as were necessary to put the house in possession of the subject . The hon . gent , then moved , for a copy of lord Castlereagh 's letter , dated 9th Sept. 1804 , to the chairman of the court of directors , relative to Prince of Wales 's Island , with the inclosures contained in that letter ; also , an estimate of the expence of building a 74-gun ship , and a 36-gun frigate at Bombay ; also , copies of two letters from Sir A. S. Hammond to the chairman of the E. India comp . dated 29th and 30th Oct. 1804. ; also , an account of the proceedings of the commissioners for the affairs of India , and the court of directors , respecting the Prince of Wales 's Island , so far as the same may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service . Ordered . said , that understanding a commission had been issued , granting large and extraordinary powers to those to whom it was addressed , for acting on the reports of the existing commission of naval inquiry , he should move , `` that an humble address be presented to his maj. praying , that he would be graciously pleased to order the proper officer to lay before the house a copy of the commission lately issued by the crown to sir C. Middleton and others , authorising them to act according as they should deem right , with respect to certain subjects contained in the reports of the commissioners of naval inquiry . '' said , this commission did not answer either to the description given of it in the motion , or to that which the hon . gent . gave in the observation with which he prefaced the motion . The hon