in the good opinion he had then formed of it . With every deference to the opinion of the hon . baronet who had so worthily acted under it , and every confidence in the promise of the right hon . gent . as to its continuance , he thought the measure so important and necessary that he could not but vote for the present motion . said , he was surprised , from the trifling , if any difference of opinion , which existed between both sides of the house upon the merits of this bill , that there should be any objection to a motion for its further continuance . It was allowed on all hands that the commissioners acting under this bill had , throughout the whole of their conduct , with the exception of one single instance only , deserved the highest praise . Why , then , should the house hesitate to invest such commissioners with the powers necessary to enable them to discharge their duty with full effect ? In order to this , he thought the existence of their power should be stable , and not dependant on the duration of a session . As to the danger apprehended from such a commission during the existence of a war , he thought that the experience we had already had , was sufficient to remove that apprehension . The commission had originated in time of peace , but yet we had been at war during the greater part of its continuance , and yet no inconvenience whatever , appeared to have resulted from it , but quite the contrary ; and it was his opinion , and that of many gallant and intelligent officers , that if it were interrupted in its progress before its investigations ' should be completed , very great mischiefs would arise . An hon . baronet had stated , that if the object of the commission appeared to be unattainable before the expiration of the sessions , application would and ought to be then made for the continuance of the bill . But he would put it to the candid consideration of the house , whether , thinking as they and the public did , of the exertions of these commissioners , it would be decorous to limit them in point of time , or wait for their application to continue the act ? Whether it would not be more becoming to be beforehand with them , and to renew the bill at once ? His opinion was decidedly in favour of the latter 692 course , and he saw no good , though he could well suppose much evil , that might fellow from the postponement proposed by the motion of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . To the assurance of that right hon . gent , that he would bring forward a proposition for the continuance of the act under consideration in the course of the session , should necessity appear to call for it , he was ready to give credit . But it might happen that the right hon . gent , however well disposed , would be unable to carry the proposition into effect . Many changes might occur in the course of a session ; he did not mean to speak as to ordinary events ; but even in the situation of the right hon . gent , a change might occur . Perhaps the right hon . gent . did not feel at all the uncertainty of a situation in power , though he could assure him , that he himself felt that uncertainty ; and therefore it was that he could not entirely rely on the right hon . gent . 's promise , or , rather , that he could not rely on his capacity to fulfil it . He would not risk this important bill upon a contingency , and if the situation of the right hon . gent . should be changed * his wishes and eloquence might not possibly have sufficient influence to carry the renewal of this bill . For this reason