vesting the initiative in the house of commons . He thought that , as the case stood , it would in every point of view be preferable to let the matter proceed as it had begun in their lordships house , who , in considering the matter , would of course be guided by no considerations , save those duties , which the nature and importance of the case imposed upon them . expressed his difference in opinion , in certain points of the case , from the noble earl who had just sat down . Though he was certain their objects , namely those of public and individual justice , were exactly the same thing . To adopt the proposition recommended by the illustrious personage would , even in point of expedition , be preferable . The suspension of the proceedings in that house , for six weeks , would , on the other hand , involve no surrender or abandonment of any of the essential rights or privileges of that house . But it would certainly produce a most essential benefit . The intended mode of proceeding would , on the other band , involve the greatest difficulties , one of which was , the probability of their having to appear in a double capacity ; first , in that of 575 a grand jury , and afterwards by a metamorphosis , not very congenial to the principles of the constitution , in the characters of judges , in the ultimate result , upon the case . In . that event , it could not be said , after investigating the case previously , they could come to judgment with minds perfectly unbiassed . Upon the whole , he deemed it preferable to suspend the proceedings for a given time , and take the chance of the other house proceeding in the business ; as they were , every step they should take would involve them in fresh difficulties . observed , that viewing the question as he did , the real merits of which lay in a narrow compass , lie should give his negative to the propositoin of the illustrious personage . He deprecated every thing that tended to delay . Their lordships would recollect , that the case stood over since the last session , and that the parties on both sides had been summoned . His lordship adverted to the provisions of the acts by which the judges were placed in their present situations , and conceived the case to be such on the part of the house , as it would have been before these acts passed , with his majesty 's confidential advisers , with respect to a question for the removal of one of the judges . That the proposition could be more expeditiously , as well as more regularly or constitutionally acted upon , by their lordships , he had no doubt . The advantages which their lordships possessed in that respect , their power of administering oaths , and recurring to legal assistance in particular , were many and obvious . The idea so much dwelt upon , of the possibility of a subsequent impeachment by the commons , he considered as no objection at all ; the proceedings would go upon different matters of charge , and their lordships could therefore be no way pledged by any prior act of theirs . The case before the house would , be conceived , only lead to a question of renewal ; the consideration of subsequent proceeding and impeachment would hot tend to embarrass their situation , and as to the particular case under consideration , he never heard of one that more loudly called for an immediate proceeding upon it . He conceived , circumstanced as the house was , referring to what had already taken place , the situation of the individual , and the steps which had been taken , they could hardly have an option upon the case ; and 576 their lordships would do well , on the present occasion , to bear in mind the maxim in the great charter , which prescribed ,