. Is the time when we are engaged in such a war as the present , a war in which so many seamen are required , upon whom we rest as our chief security , is this a time for such a measure as this , a measure that goes to complete the ruin of one of the chief nurseries from which our seamen , and consequently our measures of security , are in a great measure derived . This measure , sir , is certainly founded on the opinions respecting the rights of man , which have produced so much horror and devastation all over the world . It is a remnant of Jacobinism . I am sure that the hon . gent . who urges it , is not in his heart a Jacobin , but still the effect of his conduct is the same as if he were one . I shall beg leave to mention a story to him , in which I was myself concerned : I went to Paris in 1791 out of curiosity . Having arrived there , I was anxious , like most strangers , to see what was going forward . Among other things I wished to go to visit the jacobin club . But a friend , who knew the place bitter than I did , dissuaded me , saying , `` Oh ! my dear sir , you must not think of going there , you have opposed the abolition of the stave trade , and consequently are regarded as an abomination by the Jacobins , and you might be in danger of your life . At the same time I was given to understand , that if the hon . mover of the measure had appeared in that club , he would have been bailed with peculiar pleasure ; the president would have given 656 him the fraternal hug . I was really told that a diploma of jacobinism was absolutely sent to that honourable gent . I am convinced that the principles of Jacobinism are those upon which this measure is founded . —am told , sir , that a contract is actually entered into by govt . to procure slaves as . troops for the West Indies at 551. per man . How this can be reconciled with the conduct of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer on the present occasion , I am utterly at a loss to conceive . This is supporting a measure in one way , and opposing it in another . An hon . gent . had said that this was the proper time for abolishing the slave trade . This , sir , is in complete contradiction to the report of the assembly at Jamaica . This is not the proper time for this measure . There has not as yet been sufficient time for one of the parties to be heard . An hon . gent . has said that sufficient evidence has already been given . But this evidence has not been given on oath . Another reason against the abolition is that the plantations , especially the small ones , must absolutely be given up in case it is effected . It has been said , that foreign nations had given indications of abandoning this traffic . It is very easy for them , to be sure , to give it up , since they have lost almost all their colonies , and therefore have very little need of slaves ; but is that the situation of this country ? Another disadvantage which would result from the adoption of this measure is , that in such a case , we could scarcely find agents to manage our property in the West Indies . The great inducement to them for going out , is the chance of being able to procure slaves , and commence planters on a small scale at first for themselves . Unless a prospect of this kind is held out , it is certain that no people will remain in the colonies , avert for the management of our best estates