burdensome in their operation , the pecuniary equivalent for military aid would be higher than in any other country probably in the world . What then might be the rated equivalent in England for 15 sail of the line and 24,000 land forces ? At the highest estimate the pay and charges for 15 sail of the line for a twelvemonth would not exceed one million , leaving two for the land forces . This would be allowing between 80l . or 90l . for every man . It is well known that this is infinitely beyond the allowance necessary in any service or in any treaty . Of what is allowed as pecuniary commutation for service in kind , we may take an instance from the treaty between this country and Holland in the year 1783 , in which it is stipulated that between 8l . or 9l . shall be paid for each man in the infantry , and 11l . and 12l . for each man in the cavalry . By this calculation of equivalent however , Spain pays between 80l . and 90l . for each man , an allowance extravagant and unreasonable in the extreme . Can it be doubted , then , that a pecuniary subsidy , to the annual amount of 3 millions made Spain a principal in the war , and could never be considered as a fair equivalent for any moderate extent of military assistance ? If this be the general principle , as it most unquestionably is , why did this govt . forbear to make it . a ground of war ? I have already touched upon the reasons . They believed that Spain rather submitted to adverse circumstances , than acted from choice . They believed that she looked to circumstances that might enable her to escape from the thraldom in which she was kept , and to pursue a course more suited to her interests and to her dignity . There were , indeed , circumstances in the state of Europe known to those at the head of affairs here , circumstances on which I can not at present enlarge , which seemed to justify the hopes which Spain was naturally supposed to entertain , and which sufficiently account for the forbearance manifested by this govt . It appearing , however , that nothing had actually been signed between France and Spain , instructions were , 374 on the 24th Nov. sent to Mr. Frere , in which he is authorised to declare to the Spanish govt . that the acquiescence of his maj. in the payment of a war subsidy to France could be no more than a temporary connivance ; that it must depend upon the amount of that subsidy , and the disposition of Spain in other respects to maintain a strict neutrality . Mr. Frere is instructed also to protest against the measure as hostile ; and that forbearance of actual war could only be continued on the expectation that the subsidy was to be temporary ; and the most express reservation of our right to go war is made . The Spanish govt . received distinct notice that , should his maj. be induced to connive in the payment of a subsidy as a temporary measure , lie would naturally look with the utmost jealousy to any naval preparations in the ports of Spain , A dispatch was received from Mr. Frere on the 27th Dec. announcing that the convention between France and Spain was finally concluded on the 19th Oct . In this dispatch Mr. F. in . forms , this govt . that he had represented the convention to M. Cevallos as a war subsidy , which had given this country an undoubted right to go to war . On this occasion M. Cevallos argues that the limited succours had not been objected to , and adds that we ought not to complain of the pecuniary subsidy , because we did not know what it was . This reasoning of M. Cevallos is worthy of remark . When we urged a communication of the convention , we were told it