. 's predecessor . But then , I am told , `` there 's the first lord of the admiralty . Do you forget the leader of the grand catamaran expedition ? Are you not aware of the important change in that department , and 741 the vast advantage the country is likely to derive from that change ? '' Indeed , sir , it puzzles one to imagine , how the noble viscount ( Melville ) came to fill that office . There seemed tee be nothing in his particular habits that pointed it out to him , Am I asked whether I would have had that minister placed in his old situation ? I say no ! for Heaven 's sake do n't let him return to us as our War minister . When I recollect his management of expeditions ; when I remember Toulon , and Corsica , and Ferrol , and , moreover , the expedition to Egypt , that expedition in which Providence so singularly blessed our arms an expedition , the scheme and means of which naturally led to any thing but the actual issue , I can never wish to see the noble viscount at the head of the war department again . I grant that it is fair to say , that a minister who has conducted land operations may possibly be equally capable of managing our naval concerns ; but I can not see the force , of that sort of logic which goes to prove , that because a man is totally ignorant of land operations , he is therefore skilled in those of the sea . This reminds me of an anecdote , which I shall relate with the greater satisfaction , because it will afford me an opportunity of introducing the name of a man , whose memory is dear to many of the members of this house ; I mean the late Mr. Garrick . He had a friend , a Scotch gentleman , of the name of M'Crea . He was a very clever , agreeable man , but rather an eccentric character . He was so well beloved by all who knew him , that he was called `` honest Johnny M'Crea . '' This gentleman one day brought Garrick a tragedy in four acts . Garrick looked at it , and advised him to lay it aside , as be did hot appear to have a talent for writing tragedy . M'Crea took his advice , but the next year he went to him with a comedy in live acts , and desired it might be put in rehearsal . Garrick read it , and found it was execrable stud ' ; he returned it ; upon which M'Crea asked him , how he could return it , as it had been written by his desire— '' My desire , '' replied Garrick , `` I merely gave you my advice on the subject . `` — '' What , '' said Johnny , `` did na ye tel me that my genius did nalee in the way o ' tragedy ? `` — '' Yes , '' replied Garrick , `` but I did not , therefore , say that it lay in comedy . `` — '' Bless my saul mon , '' cried Johnny , `` if my talent does na lee in the way o ' tragedy , and it does na lee in the way o ' comedy , whare the de'el else con it lee ? '' Now , sir , it 742 does seem to me as if the noble viscount had been reasoning after the manner of honest Johnny M'Crea , and , because he has found out that his genius is not exactly fitted for laud operations , he takes it for granted that it must shine out in sea affairs , or `` whare the de'el else con it lee ? `` —In stating my objections to this bill , and enforcing the propriety repeal , I shall hear it said , to some others , have you got for it ? But this