court of the objects , views and dispositions of our court . What was here to be concluded , but that ministers believed that Spanish neutrality was intimately connected with the dictates of policy , but had left the whole matter wholly to chance , which every man of common sense saw to be full of difficulty and embarrassment ? Not only do five months elapse without any remonstrance or explanation , but this silence is observed at a time when the hope of successful negotiation was by far the most natural . Spain did not attempt to conceal her real situation . She disclosed the demands which France was making , and if we were unable to yield her assistance , she had at least a right to look for our advice for the establishment of her future relations with this country . But what rendered the conduct of ministers the more inexcusable was , that though they knew as far back as the 12th of Sept. and were again assured on the 24th of the same month , that a subsidiary treaty was actually negotiating , they did not make even one effort to prevent such an arrangement from taking place . Under all these circumstances , Spain was now attempted to be calumniated for commuting the treaty , by which a contingent was to be given for a subsidiary agreement . Much stress was also laid on calculations that the amount of the subsidy was greater than the amount which by the treaty of Ildefonso they had agreed to furnish to France . This , however was nothing to the purpose . It was very material , so far as respected France and Spain , though not this country and Spain . The question was , had or had not Spain reason to suppose that the commutation as the contingent for a sum of money would be more agreeable to this country ? and had she not acted on the idea that the change would be desirable . Spain took the method of relieving herself from her embarrassments which appeared the most unexceptionable ; and if ministers here who were apprised of the step she was about to take , disapproved of it , why did they not remonstrate on the subject ? But it was clear , from the language of lord Hawkesbury , that he did not consider the commutation as in , the least objectionable . In one of his dispatches he instructs Mr. Frere , that if on inquiry he finds that the court of Spain had determined on giving the contingent , immediately to demand his pass- 452 ports and quit Madrid ; but that if he should find a proposition for a commutation treaty , he should take no steps on the occasion , but report to his court . Was not this a decisive proof in what light ministers viewed the commutation treaty ? But now Spain was traduced for subsidising France . The hon . and learned gent , had allowed , that ever , since the family compact there was always a slender prospect of the continuance of peace with Spain , while hostilities existed betwixt this country and France . He had even mentioned that the administration of 1778 had been censured for not foreseeing and providing against such an , event . He thanked God that sooner or later the sentiments of opposition had full justice done them , and he was happy that the opposition of 1805 had left future oppositions an example by which to form an estimate on this subject . He certainly thought that the administration of 1778 was very short-sighted not to provide against the probability of a rupture with Spain . But how much more short-sighted and culpable were ministers now , when the great difference in the state of Spain was considered ? Formerly the control experienced was the control of the govt . of France over the govt . of Spain , but was not a control arising from the wishes of the people or the apprehension of a French army taking Madrid . Now , it was