a disposeable force of 40,000 men ? Surely those ministers did not deserve any praise for this : on the contrary , they merited most decided disapprobation . He therefore conceived , upon the most scrutinous review of the subject , that there must be a radical defect in the mode of raising men . The measures pursued were commenced with raisins the militia , and 819 then balloting for the army of reserve ; it becoming necessary to recruit the regular army , a considerable deficiency took place in those forces , so that those measures were uniformly destructive of the intended purposes ; and this nation , the greatest in Europe , or in the page of history , left without the means of annoying her enemy , instead of contending successfully against France . His lordship did not feel that they should be justified in wasting the treasure of the country , and spilling the blood of his majesty 's subjects , in a war so destructive , without making Some effort to put down the pride and ambition of the enemy . The noble secretary of state had said , we now had a greater force than ever we had . Whatever the establishment might be , it ought at least to be commensurate to the danger . We were not to inquire the number of the forces , but the effect of them . It was also said , that the army of reserve was now as high as ever it was ; his majesty 's ministers had endeavoured to provide for recruiting that force which proved insufficient : must it not then be said , that all which could be done had been done , and after a trial for so long a time , without effect , could the absolute necessity of parliament to investigate the matter be denied ? To what sentiment constitutionally or politically , could the opposition of his majesty 's ministers be ascribed ? In conclusion , his lordship again called the attention of the house to the one great consideration , that of having a numerous regular and disposeable force . Our situation with regard to the enemy , if no longer dangerous , would be not disgraceful ; but , after all the exertions which were made , after all the forces which could be collected , we were still open to the same danger , the same disgrace , and parliament could no longer refrain from interfering . wished the noble lords on the other side to look back to their own conduct and their own measures before they condemned the present administration for pursuing and improving what they had instituted . The noble lords opposite were entitled to the gratitude of the nation for having instituted these measures , and he was only , astonished that they could disapprove of the continuation and improvement of them by the present and ministration . The military state of the country was amply sufficient to justify his majesty 's government , and to hold out the most satisfactory expectations to the 820 country . He wished the noble lords opposite would propose the plans which they meant to suggest in the committee , if they had any such or did they mean to withhold them till the happy day when they themselves would be in the cabinet , and the country would have every thing clone ? that could be wished for ? He defended the act of last session , from which much benefit was to be expected ; it had not operated till late in the reason , because its provisions were not sooner understood by those who were to carry it into effect ; its effect bad been tardy because a belief had been infused into them that the penalties were not to be enforced . He thought the enlorcement of the penalties indispensible to the complete success of the measure said , he would not reply either to the arguments or to the wish of the noble lord who had just sat down . He would leave both to make their foil impression on