were in the most prosperous and flourishing state , the people perfectly contented and happy in the pleasing contemplation that their situation abounded with the greatest blessings , when they compared it with that of every other nation in Europe ; and from the confidence they reposed in the present government , he . believed they were unanimous in their zeal and enthusiasm for the defence of the country , and of the blessings they enjoyed under our invaluable , constitution . His lordship then adverted to the volunteers , to whose exertions and ardour he gave great praise , and particularly to those of his county , which , he declared , were as well disciplined as any , army in the world need to be . He was sorry , he said , to have detained their lordships so long , but he had been led on to say more than he intended , from a wish to throw a proper degree of light on the gloomy picture which the noble earl who spoke last had drawn of the state and situation of the country . His lordship concluded by saying , that the present motion should have his hearty dissent . said , that if enquiry was so necessary last year as had been held to be by certain noble lords on the opposite side of the house , he was at a loss to find out why it was not equally so at present . Those noble lords were last year the most strenuous and vehement for an enquiry into the state of the military defence of the country , because they then said the measures pursued , and pursuing by the then administration , were weak , inefficient , and . inadequate to the purpose : every abuse was thrown on the folly , incapacity , and imbecility of those who brought forward those measures ; and a noble viscount . ( Sid-mouth ) now in this house , but who was then at the head of his majesty 's administration in the other house , was driven from his place on account of the imbecility of those measures . The noble earl then adverted to what these measures were , which were then called so inadequate , and said , the last of them was the noble viscount 's Army of Reserve bill the reason 805 given for the violent abuse of which Was that it produced only a few men ; but now comes this poor , wretched , contemptible parish bill , which turned parish-officers into recruiting serjeants , and yet produced fewer men , but is now called a better bill , and all enquiry into it was said to be minecessary . The noble earl supposed the noble lords would carry the argument up to its utmost climax , and contend that a bill that raised no men at all would be the best of all possible bills . The praise demanded by ministers seemed to be in an inverse proportion to their success . It reminded him of the line in one of Dryden 's tragedies , where a lover exclaimed ; `` My wound is great because it is so small . '' on which a wit who was present cried out , `` Then twould be greater , were it none at all . '' In answer to the argument of the noble earl who spoke last , that the bill had not had a fair trial , his lordship observed , that it had been passed as a bill that was to have a speedy and forcible effect ; that was to produce men in great numbers , and in & short time ; and yet , after Several months , it is alleged that it has not had a fair trial . Whey was it ever brought forward ? Why was it ever acted on ? It was to supersede measures which had raised a great many men in a very little time , but which were pretended by the framer of this bill to be inefficient and imbecile , yet it turned out to