stores . But after the most minute enquiries , the commissioners had found , that in a very short time after her sailing-she had received repairs , and 264 that nearly 9,000l . had been charged the these repairs ; 7,800l . of which they considered as excess of charge , on an accurate examination . Surely in this there was very little of the appearance of economy , and k was fit , at such a period as he present , that the business should be fully investigated . The commissioners had stated the charges to be enormous , and it was proper that the grounds of their decision should be stated . With respect to the charges on the repairs of the Sensible , the same opinion as to extravagance was delivered , and the same necessity for full investigation existed . Whether the hon . officer at the time the supposed repairs were made , was under the orders of adm. Rainier , or whether , as he had heard it insinuated , he had an independent command , he confessed himself unable to decide . If he was under the orders of adm. Rainier , it certainly must be allowed to have been a most extraordinary circumstance , that the superior officer had not been consulted on a step which was surely one of very great consequence , and necessarily attended with vast expence . The step to which he alluded was the changing of the Sensible into a 32 gun frigate . The hon . officer might have had grounds for this alteration , but it could not be pretended that he had communicated his reasons to the adm. on the East India station . On the contrary it appeared , that a month previous to the arrival of the ship at Calcutta , the cordage , rigging , and other articles necessary to form the alteration , had been ordered and were in a state of preparation . Thus , it appeared that the hon . officer had taken the whole responsibility of the business on himself , and it was proper that the grounds on which he proceeded should be explained . It was stated that before the Sensible had been altered , her situation had been fully examined , but what he had just stated respecting the orders for stores , completely refuted this idea . There were other accounts of transactions in the Red Sea which were not a little curious . The hon . officer seemed to have found , contrary to general opinion , every thing quite as convenient for the repair of ships as if he had actually been in the heart of the river , and in the vicinity of our arsenals . It was proper that the public should understand the whole of these transactions , which were necessary to complete the view of the subject . Connected with this part of 265 the question , he should also take the liberty of moving for certain letters from marquis Wellesley relative to the expenditure of the vessels under the command of the hon . officer while in the Indian seas . Before he sat down , he wished to say a few words as to the mode of investigation which he had thought it his duty to propose . It might be asked , whether this was the only possible mode of investigating the subject ; whether there was not another tribunal , before which the merits of the question might not be more satisfactorily decided ? It might be urged that this was a matter which the board of admiralty were much more competent to try , than an assembly composed as that which he had the honour to address . To this his answer was plain and satisfactory . He had heard , on authority which to him appeared highly respectable , that the late board of admiralty had designed to institute a criminal prosecution against the hon . officer . The change of administration , however , by which the late `` weak and inefficient '' board of admiralty was changed for a