) was not a consideration of more vital importance than had ever been before kuown ? Whether an army was not necessary , not merely to enable this country to rank among the nations , not only to preserve her power , her distant colonies , and the other sources of her consideration , but even to preserve herself from year to year ? Whether our situation was not like that of the feudal times , when a man was obliged to sleep with Ins sword under his pillow , and when he was under the necessity of keeping his armour by him even while at the plough ? All that we saw around us abroad , all the domestic occurrences that had taken place here , all the military discussions that had taken place in that house , the result of which had been the turning out of the last ministers and the coming in of the present , which had turned our chancellors of the exchequer , and our attornies and solicitors general into colonels and generals , and which had rendered all the men in the country military , all this proved the extraordinary and imperious necessity for a great and permanent military force . The next question was , whether we had , or were soon likely to have such an army , as was necessary for an immediate exigency ? The third question would be , whether our military system was commodious and well 594 constructed , so as to answer the public exigencies in the best manner ; so as to yield the best possible force , or a force in some measure adequate to the expence and exertions of the country ? Fourthly , supposing it answered all these requisites , had it that facility of recruiting so as that it could exist long and support itself without any new or extraordinary aid ? Could these questions be answered , unless the state `` of the country was different from that which he described it ; unless we could soon have an establishment adequate to the exigency ; unless the description of the force was good and in proportion to the expence we had been at , and the exertions we had made ; unless it could be recruited and kept up so as to secure it from decay ? Unless perfect and complete satisfaction could be given on all these points , there was a positive and undiminished necessity for the inquiry . We were told of the force of the volunteers , the militia , the army of reserve , and the regulars . One great objection to such a military establishment was its variety . It was not that there were light troops , and heavy troops , troops of the line , and troops on horseback , infantry on foot , or volunteers in carts ; they might all have their particular services . What he objected to was their being on different establishments . Variety in nature might be very pleasing , but he did not think that was altogether the case in military establishments . If the volunteer system was good , why had we not all volunteers ? If the army of reserve was good , why not make our whole force an army of reserve ? But , perhaps , it might be said , they were for home service , and that it was necessary to have one sort of troops for one service , and one sort for another , like the man who had a great hole for his great cat , and a little hole for his little cat . He thought it better , before he proceeded , to examine the constitution of those four different armies ; how far they were consistent with economy ; how far they gave the greatest and best force ; how far they interfered with each other ; how far they counteracted the . general means i of recruiting ; and how far they were the basis of a permanent force , First , as to the volunteers : this was a. head of