, and calculated to degrade the character of the country at a time when it was so important to stand high in the opinion of Europe as the defender of its liberties against lawless dominion . And now , said the hon . gent , having gone over most of the ground of the right hon . gent , having admitted the hostile character of the treaty of St. Hdefonso , but deprecated the abuse of the principle of war which that treaty yielded ; having shewn that we abandoned our claim to the right , substituting the recognition of a neutrality ; having demonstrated , at least to my own conviction 397 that Spain has not violated her neutrality ; having proved the pacific dispositions of Spain , and that there were no armaments carrying on against G. Brit , in the ports of that power ; having clearly established that the order of 18th of Sept. and the consequent seizure of the Spanish frigates , were not measures of precaution , but of violence , injustice , and bad faith , I shall now conclude by moving the following amendment to the address moved by the right hon . gent.— '' To return his maj. the thanks of this house for the communications made to us relative to the rupture with Spain . To express our entire conviction that the existence of a defensive treaty between France and Spain would have entitled his maj. to consider Spain as a principal in the present war unless the obligations of that treaty were renounced , or their execution disclaimed ; and to assure his maj. that we shall at all times be ready to support him in giving effect , so far as the interests of his dominions may require , to this just and undisputed principle.—That we observe , however , that his maj. was-advised to wave the exercise of this right , in order-to negotiate with Spain , for the maintenance of her neutrality . And that , without taking upon ourselves -in the present moment to decide a question of policy depending so much on circumstances of which we are still uninformed , we acknowledge with gratitude this proof of his maj. 's paternal desire to have prevented the further extension of the calamities of war.— But that we beg leave humbly to represent to his maj. that the execution of these his benevolent wishes indispensably required from his ministers the adoption of some just , intelligible , and uniform principles of negotiation , declared in the outset with frankness , and steadily pursued to its conclusion ; followed up by an unremitting attention to every new circumstance-arising in tie progress of so important a discussion ; and , accompanied by the most scrupulous care that all engagements resulting from it should , on the part of G. Brit , be defined with precision , and-performed with unquestionable good faith , moderation , and integrity.—Tha ! t we have on the contrary , seen with regret in the whole conduct of this transaction , the clashing effects of undecided , equivocal , and contradictory policy . That the wishes for peace professed in the outset by his maj. 'S ministers , have uniformly been conteracted by their studious 398 endeavours to keep alive both the cause and the menace of war ; a purpose equally inconsistent with justice and with wisdom , destructive of all confidence on the part of the power with whom they treated , and incompatible with the object for which they were negotiating . That during the whole course of those discussions , while they were continually soliciting from Spain unreserved communications on points of mutual interest , their own indecision prevented them in return from returning a distinct statement of the terms on which G Brit , would consent to recognize the neutrality of that power . That their ground of negotiation was repeatedly shifted , their demands varied , and their concessions undefined ; and that although some agreement appears-at last to have been concluded , neither its date , nor its conditions were ascertained with precision ; yet , both