importation . The great source of the inequality is the number of estates belonging to proprietors resident in G. Britain—a few , long settled there , enjoying the fortunes left them by their ancestors in better times—some for the education of their families , or from the state of their health . One agent often represents many absentees , and is desired to carry on the cultivation of their plantations with the smallest number of white people possible , from motives of economy . `` —Thus , the present existing disproportion in numbers between the slaves and the freemen is admitted to be a great danger ; but it is contended in answer , that a positive increase in the number of labourrers ( a term which they happen always to prefer to the term slaves ) will not increase that disproportion . Now , how a disparity , which is caused by the importation of slaves , can fail to be increased by a further importation of slaves , he had no faculties to discover . Here again , he rejoiced to observe that no better argument can be urged in disproof of the danger admitted to exist from the present disproportion . Thus , it seems to be like a fatality attendant on this traffic , that every argument offered in defence of it is built on the ground of interest—of pecuniary profit—opposed to every higher consideration—to every motive that has reference to justice , morality , or religion—or to that great principle which comprehends and unites in itself the opinion of them all . Place before the most determined advocate of this trade the image of himself in the garb and harness of a slave ; dragged , and severed forever from each tie that attached him to existence , without one ray of hope to cheer him , without one point of consolation on which to rest ; place before him this picture , and you will extort from him the reluctant confession that he would not endure for an hour the misery to which , he condemns his fellow-man for life ! —But even on this narrow ground , this degrading principle of interest , the advocates of this traffic have been refuted . And , in addition to the arguments so forcibly urged oh this point , he would ask , how it is that in the East Indies , where we also cultivate the sugar cane , and but for the favour shewn to this trade , which is supported by making slaves of a whole quarter of the 665 world , we could supply G. Britain and Ireland with sugar at a much cheaper rate—how is it that in those vast regions we have the produce of the industry of 40 millions of people , of the great mass of the population without employing a single slave ? Why certainly it is , because they are cherished and protected in the enjoyment of their rational rights . Whatever cause the great and powerful may have to complain ; however we may have `` bent the strong in arm , we have at least spared the feeble hand ; '' and let him ask them , if those who now cultivate the soil in our colonies were admitted to the blessing of freedom ; if we were to give them rights , and to protect them in the enjoyment of those rights , why should not the same consequence result , and every advantage be derived from the free exercise of their industry , that we now extort from them by the whip and the chain ? Is the labour of a freeman found less efficacious than that of a slave ? Or at least would the further importation of slaves into our colonies be necessary , if instead of working out and exhausting in a few years those already there , we permitted them to live out the date which Providence assigned them : in a word , if by freedom and kindness we gave them a motive to wish for prolonged existence , and to multiply their species ? —But here