the conferences which lord Hawkesbury had held with M. ဟAnduaga , a kind of agreement was tacitly allowed with regard to the conditions of neutrality ; but this idea originated in the misapprehension of the Spanish ambassador . With regard to the substitution of pecuniary succours , for a contingent of troops and vessels , be could by no means agree , that a nation which had covenanted with another to afford moderate succours , was at liberty to convert those succours into money without the consent of the power against whom the succours were to be employed . By converting the aid into money , those against whom it was to be turned were deprived of those means of attacking and seizing it which they would have if it were applied in the shape of ships and men . It was allowed by the hon . gent . that in the first instance there was sufficient ground for bringing matters directly to the point of peace or war . Consequently , if the govt . had done nothing to give up this right , it still remained . It was clear , that as far as related to the conduct of the govt . at home , nothing had been done that could be construed into a resignation of that right . In the whole of the transactions with Spain , the right had never been suffered to emerge ; and lord Harrowby , in his instructions to . Mr. Frere to bring the question to the last trial , shewed clearly that he considered the right as never once lost sight of . If , therefore , Mr. Frere had done any thing at Madrid , any thing amounting to an agreement of this nature , he must have done so in direct violation of his instructions.—His ldp . next proceeded to shew from Mr. Frere 's 402 dispatches , that he had constantly kept in view this part of his instructions , and that he had always considered it as a most essential point to give no pledge or engagement which would bind his maj. to respect what he always considered as an uncertain and unsubstantial neutrality . He then proceeded to shew , that it was equally wrong to suppose that Mr. B. Frere acknowledged such an agreement or convention . In his note to M. Cevallos , in which he used the word convention , he expressly denied that the neutrality of Spain had ever been agreed upon , or even mentioned in any of the communications from his maj. 's minister , so as to give reason to expect it would be recognized . All that had been proposed on our part amounted to nothing more than the statement of the conditions on which we would consent to a forbearance from war for the present , and to enter into negotiations on other points . But never had any thing been said , that could give countenance to the hope of our respecting a neutrality so nearly connected with our mortal enemy . Mr. B. Frere considered the relation between us and Spain only a suspension of hostilities ; and , therefore , when he used the word convention , it was in a very different sense from that which some gent , supposed . The mere assent of Spam to these primary conditions of forbearance was not sufficient to constitute an agreement of neutrality , nor could it be expected by Spain that we would give so great a boon for such inadequate concessions . If silence were to he construed into consent on our part , it might as well be argued that lord Hawkesbury 's silence gave consent to M. ဟAnduaga 's construction of the treaty of St. Hdefonso . Surely it would not be said , that every thing that was not formally contradicted was therefore admitted and re-cognized . But even of a formal agreement had existed , it must necessarily follow that any deviation from the terms of that agreement would leave us at liberty to go to war . The conduct of Spain with respect to the