propriety of the vote to be left to the house ; but as , still , the house might be thought pledged in some sense to the measure , I have thought it my duty to guard against the possibility of surprise.—With regard to the taxes , some of them appeal to me to be extremely objectionable . The tax on horses employed in husbandry is of this nature ; for I know of no tax that could be more severe on a class of men more useful . Before imposing such a tax , every enquiry ought to have been instituted , as to the ability of the persons on whom it must fall to pay it , without the total ruin of their prospects . No doubt the right hon . gent . has enquired respecting this ; but I apprehend that more enquiry than he can have made was necessary . This tax will assuredly be much felt in the country . I have also , sir , a great objection to the tax on salt ; but as the propriety of adopting it will be discussed hereafter , I shall not now enter into it . In another view I could wish , sir , to consider these taxes . The mode of raising the taxes within the year has my approbation , in a general way . The principle , if not found to be inconvenient in its operation , is good . But here the operation of the principle can not prove beneficent . It must operate vexatiously . All the taxes proposed to be raised are of a nature to cause the utmost inconvenience , and operate as an intolerable hardship . They are almost all of them direct taxes . Excepting the tax on salt , hardly any thing is proposed to be raised on consumption ; yet the tax on consumption is probably the only legitimate tax . Nay , sir ; I doubt whether hereafter we can have any taxes on consumption . When I am told that the taxes oa consumption , now subsisting , have experienced a considerable defalcation , I must be of opinion , that the sources of taxes have been impaired . Without doubt , the defalcation of 1,200,0.00l . on a revenue of 50 millions is not very alarming , provided it does not continue to en- 554 crease . But when a diminution to that amount does exist , I do think there is some ground for apprehending that our , taxes on consumption haves reached , the limit , beyond which they can not be made more productive . Another ground of objection with me is , the tax on property . The addition now proposed , I am sorry to say , will , if I am not much mistaken , lay the foundation of endless calamity to this country . One great objection to the tax on income is , that it affords a facility of getting near what we would most lament , that state in which a minister could take the property of the subject indiscriminately . This is precisely what we have to lament in regard to the tax on property , which can only operate as a facility to that deprecated end . This time 25l . per cent , are added , possibly there will be next time 25l . per cent , more put on it ; after that , possibly , it will be doubled , then , possibly , trebled , until the principle is silently , but fatally established , of taking the money of the subject wherever , and however it may be found . I have also another objection to this tax , that though it is less unequal than the income tax , it is still very unequal . Landed property and property in the funds contribute fairly . But the other descriptions of property , such as arise from commerce and industry , do not pay in any proportion . If this is the case , I tremble for the consequence of going on increasing this tax