( Sidmouth ) , t however , cried victoria . They did not consider it , in the language of the turf , as a race won by a neck , though it seemed it was neck or nothing with him . The rider was thrown , and the horse came in . The noble lord called upon the clerk of the course to give judgment for him ; but the person who held the stakes was called upon to give them into his hands ; and having in the mean time been given into other hands , with a view to a different system , the noble lord now demanded them back , and was not satisfied to have them by halves.—Here the right hon . gent , gave many forcible illustrations of the absurdity of recruiting the army by the circuitous means of the army of reserve . The army of reserve supplied many recruits , because it absorbed all the men of the country , and , the additional bounties induced men to go the circuitous route into the army . To praise it on this account was just the same as if , because all the members of the house came into it through the lobby , it should be said , what a wonderful place this lobby is , which supplies the house with all its members . It was a kind of turnpike where soldiers did not pay , but were paid for passing 601 through it . A man would be thought rather foolish not to go into the lobby first , by which he was able to get a double bounty before he became a regular soldier . He hoped to hear no more of the good effects of this lobby . The whole system was encumbered and weighed down with a complication of machinery . The existing bill was a sort of great digester , supplied with almost innumerable small capillary tubes , one running to every parish in the kingdom . Why not have a large straight pipe , making a direct communication at once , and free from the confusion of useless intricacies ? But then he should be told , oh , there is no invention , no contrivance in all that ! It was much easier , in those gentlemen 's eyes , to take a circuitous mode of filling the great machine , than to throw all the materials into it at once , in a straight forward way . Gentlemen had talked about the bill not being oppressive ; the oppression was not upon the recruit , but it was pretty heavy upon the parish . The parish was to do the work , after the old saying : `` fire burn stick , stick beat dog , '' and so on . The parish officers over whom the parish had no controul , were to raise the men or levy the money from the parish ; but that could no more have the effect of finding the men , than one could make the horse drink though he should take him to the water . It was , however , now given up . It was like a man of whom nobody spoke well , and of whom therefore it was unnecessary to speak ill . It was like harlequin 's horse , which had but one fault , and that was , that it was dead . It , was perhaps , unnecessary to follow it further , unless , indeed , the humane society may not have yet done with it , and the right lion . gent . opposite may hope to revive it by some process . If , however , the right hon . gent , would content himself with saying merely that it deserved to be revived , he would be satisfied . It was said the present measure ( the additional force act ) , had not been successful , because the parish officers did not understand it so as to proceed to enforce it immediately . If it lay six weeks in their hands before they