certainly did think , that if any documents connected with these conferences were in existence , they ought to be produced . He should therefore feel it his duty to move for the production of all 227 the notes which might have been presented at these different conferences to which the Spanish ambassador refers in various parts of his dispatches , and on which he appears to lay peculiar stress , as if in these the terms of the Spanish neutrality had been in a great measure adjusted . He next wished to call the attention of the house to the two notes of the Spanish minister on the 4th and the 11th of Nov. in which he gives an official explanation of the state of the Spanish armaments . It was important for the house then to know what was the information on which ministers proceeded when the orders for the detention of the Spanish frigates were issued . It was material to compare the intelligence received from our naval officers abroad , with the solemn assurances and explanations given by the Spanish ambassador resident at our court . Till this information was before the house , it was impossible to determine how far these orders were or were not called for by the actual state of things . If ministers had any such information , the house had a right to demand it . If ministers had no such information , it was not at all very doubtful what opinion ought to be entertained of them for issuing the orders . The hon . member also expressed a desire to have all letters or dispatches which took place from February to May 1804 , produced . It was fair to presume that letters of an important kind were written during that interval . In the letter of the 1st of May , a letter of the 18th of Feb. is referred to , and he wished to have that letter produced , as affording some explanation of the manner in which any expectation of the continuance of Spanish neutrality could be preserved . He had thought it his duty to throw out these observations , not with the view of embarrassing govt . but solely with the object of coming , with full information , to the discussion of a subject which he could not help considering one of the most momentous which ever was submitted to the decision of the house of commons . As to deficiencies from the board of admiralty , he should at present say nothing , till he had an opportunity of seeing whether the papers he had moved for were satisfactorily produced . said , the papers he expected to present this day would afford as good answers as could be given to the inquiries of the hon . gent . There were 228 two official letters from M. Anduaga . There were no others that could well be produced ; for he did not conceive that mere memorandums , not delivered officially , or by command of the govt . or the ambassador , could be made objects of any serious proceeding . He would not now enter into any argument on the subject , which the hon . gent , professed to avoid , though he , at the same time , took occasion to insinuate an opinion upon it . The papers which were about to be presented to the house would be accompanied by a schedule , which directed how to apply them to the points . These contained all the information govt . could give . As to the written accounts of conferences , there were none , unless mere memorandums , which were not of a shape to be produced or relied upon . With respect to the convention of St. Ildefonso , all his maj. 's govt . knew about it was in the papers before the house . They knew it existed , and had some conjectures as to its provisions ; but they had no official or authentic information upon it , such as could be made the subject of a communication .