which dictates a relative equal stipulation between the parties ; a treaty constituted otherwise , one wherein the stronger power dictates to the weaker , militates against the law of nations ; it goes to deprive the weaker power of its sovereignty , and identifies it at once with the more powerful party . His Idp . then recapitulated some of the leading stipulations of the treaties adverted to , and contended , that in the family compact , the relative power and the resources of Spain were duly attended to , while , in that of St. Ildefonso , a very different ratio was observed , even to the exaction of the whole force of the country , though the object of the war should not respect the interests of the nation required . Such a treaty of alliance prevailed between France and Spain at the time of the rupture between G. Britain and the former , and in considering the question between her and the latter , that circumstance was of material importance . With respect to this , as well as to every other part of the subject , their ldps , may see , from a reference to the documents before them , that the most anxious desire existed with his maj. 's govt . to preserve the relations of peace with Spain , and this was uniformly , as appeared by the instructions transmitted from time to time to Mr. l there , the case , whatever changes might have taken place in his maj. 's councils , until , from the conduct of the Spanish govt . a state of war became unavoidable . In endeavouring to this effect , it was deemed proper to ascertain the impressions which the treaty of St. Ildefonso had made , und how far the Spanish govt . felt itself obliged to adhere to the letter of its stipulations , if called upon . Accordingly , instructions in that 340 spirit were sent to the British minister at Madrid , who was , however , impressed with the like considerations , and had , previously to their arrival , acted upon them . His ldp . here made frequent references to the relevant parts of the documents , particularly to the results of Mr. Frere 's various conferences with the prince of peace ( the real governor of that country ) upon the subject . He considered the answers given by the prince on the occasion , as perplexing and inconclusive ; notwithstanding the conduct of the govt . of this country was , as upon a former occasion , equally moderate and dignified ; every thing was done to avoid the extremity of war , which could be effected consistently with the honour , the interests , and safety of this country.—The next prominent consideration , to which the noble sec . of state adverted , arose from the proposal on the part of France , to march a large body of troops through Spain , the remonstrance against which , equally spirited and moderate , appeared to be attended with some effect . With regard to the important considerations of the naval armaments , and the sale of prizes , the conduct of the Brit , govt . guided by the same spirit , was equally moderate and firm . With respect to the required contingent of furnishing the stipulated number of ships of the line , the forbearance of the British govt . was , under the existing circumstances , far more moderate than it otherwise might be , as the French govt . were occupied almost solely with a particular project against this country , viz . its invasion by means of flotillas , Sic , Another light in which our forbearance at the time was to be viewed , was the . interest and security of our ancient ally Portugal ; we warded off the danger from that quarter , as long as it was practicable . In considering this part of the subject , the noble sec . made frequent references to the progress of the negotiation ; the spirit and perseverance