first , with respect to the amount of all sums that had been drawn from this country , by way of loans , for the service of Ireland ; and next for an account of all orders from the lords of the treasury in Ireland on that subject . But , as in all probability , he should feel himself hereafter bound to call the attention of the house to that subject , he trusted he should meet with their indulgence in stating briefly his own view of it . The house would recollect , that , in consideration of the extraordinary state of the exchange with Ireland , a committee had been appointed during last session , to inquire into and report upon the causes that had produced it . The committee had occupied much time in the consideration of the subject , and the only result that had followed was the measure of drawing on England for the amount of the sums borrowed here at par . This he was so far from considering as a step towards the improvement of the state of exchange , or a removal of the grievance complained of , that be considered it only 260 to operate as a bounty to the merchants in whose favour the bills were drawn . He should therefore feel it his duty on some future day , to call the attention of the house to the subject , at present confining himself to moving , 1st , `` That there be laid before this house , an account of all sums borrowed in England for the service of Ireland , together with the interest thereon , and the charges of management , distinguishing the sums raised in each year ; 2d , An account of the notes of the bank of Ireland in circulation in 1804 , distinguishing those in each quarter , and the notes under the value of 5l . ; 3d , An account how the loan raised in G. Brit , for Ireland has been transmitted since Aug. last , distinguishing the dates , the rates of exchange , & c. 4th , A statement of the prices , and fluctuation of the prices of stocks in Ireland , from the 1st of Jan. 1798 , to the 1st of Jan. 1805 , distinguishing also the dividends payable on the 1st of Jan . 1805 . '' On the question being put on the first motion , observed , that the noble lord had done him the honour to communicate to him the substance of the motions which he had just read to the house , to which he could not have any possible objection . But as the noble lord , from the observations he had made , seemed to suppose the lords of the treasury of Ireland to have been actuated by far different motives from those which they felt , he hoped for the permission of the house , to state the motives upon which they had acted . A sum of twelve hundred thousand pounds , or of one million and a half , had remained in England for the service of Ireland , which it was necessary to have transmitted to Ireland . The lords of the treasury applied in the first instance to the bank of Ireland , for this purpose , considering them , as the most proper body to bring the money over . The bank however , refused to interfere , from an apprehension , that as many of the directors were engaged in the business of exchange , any act which would have the effect of constituting them arbitrators of exchange , might draw down upon their court of directors , odium and reprobation . Under such circumstances , the lords of the treasury found themselves under a necessity of resorting to the means of drawing the money , and they adopted the expedient of bringing it over in bank of England notes , or bank post bills . They fixed the amount of the money to be drawn for , and gave ten days or a fortnight 's no- 261 tice