an act of open hostility ; for Spain at that time was substantially guilty of acts of open hostility against this country . As to the capture of the Spanish frigates , I trust the house will clearly see , in that circumstance , only an additional instance of the moderation and justice of his majesty , who , in circumstances that would have warranted the most decided hostilities , wished as long as possible to leave the door open to conciliation , at the same time that he was absolutely bound to take such measures of precaution as not to 38 allow an enemy , already too formidable , to acquire any additional means and resources to carry on the war against this country . When all the circumstances of the case , shall be laid before the consideration of die house , I make no doubt but that they will be of opinion , that so far from acting with any violence or injustice towards Spain , his majesty has acted with as much moderation , forbearance , and tenderness , as it was possible for him to do . All these topics may , in their turn , be the subject of discussion in tills house ; but I am glad that it appears to be the general opinion at present , that until these subjects come regularly forward for discussion , we should reserve the consideration of them for the present , and postpone debating them . in explanation why he had not brought forward the subject of catholic emancipation , stated , that it was perfectly well understood that any man bringing forward this question unconnected with govt . would have had very little chance of gaining the object . It was , besides , very doubtful how far the measure , would be acceptable to the catholic body , if not taken up , as a matter of justice and policy , by the executive govt . vindicated the conduct of his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) as perfectly consistent . He had not brought forward the subject of catholic emancipation during the existence of a cabinet avowedly hostile to that measure ; nay , whose very elevation to power was founded on their opposition to it ; but it was very different when the cabinet professed a desire to have this measure brought about , and when the person at the head of the cabinet had given an open avowed opinion in favour both of its policy and its justice . This was sufficient to justify the consistency of his hon . friend in recommending the subject to the right hon . gent , at the present moment.—But , leaving this topic , the right hon . gent , proceeded to make some observations on the information conveyed by the speech , respecting the state of our continental connections . He was free to acknowledge , that he thought the information on this subject extremely scanty and unsatisfactory . He had expected and hoped something distinct and specific , but he had been disappointed . The house were indeed told of the wise and dignified manifestation of the interest entertained by the Emperor of Russia for the independence of the continent ; but the 39 house had no means of knowing to what extent that Sovereign was disposed to cooperate with us against France , or what exertions he was willing to make for the restoration of the ancient balance of power in Europe . As , however , a prospect of further information was held out ; as the house were led to believe that satisfactory documents would be afforded , he had the less hesitation in agreeing to the address . —Having stated this generally , the right hon . gent , went on to make a few remarks on the language of the address , relative to the rupture with Spain , lie was rather afraid that the language conveyed something too much like an approbation of the rupture , even before the house were in possession of the documents necessary to found an opinion . Perhaps he