and there was no sort of evidence , that if once seriously entertained , it was now seriously abandoned . The wording of the speech was , indeed , cautious in that respect . It did not say that our preparations had deterred him , but that they were sufficient to deter him . But even this had better have been omitted . As we knew nothing about the matter , we had better have said nothing about it , The right hon . gent , next touched on the violent and unjust proceedings of the French govt . mentioned in the address , 41 Among these , there were few more marked and direct , than that which was now operating in the person of Capt . Wright , of the Vincejo ship of war . This of-officer , as the house would probably know , was taken valiantly fighting on board his ship , in circumstances of the most clear and legitimate warfare ; but , because the enemy chose to entertain suspicions respecting former services performed by him , and which , if true , would be nothing to their purpose , was detained a close prisoner in the Temple , and threatened even with farther proceedings , contrary to every rule and practice of war , as observed among civilized nations . He had now remained in that situation longer than he ( Mr. W. ) could immediately state ( persons who view misfortunes at a distance do not count the period of their duration , as , it was to be feared , he must do who reckoned his days and hours through the bars of a prison ) , and far longer than it was for the honour of this country that be should have so remained . The right hon . gent , said , he had brought forward the subject at the close of the last session , and he now renewed it at the commencement of the present . If ministers were doing their duty , as he had reason to hope they were , the mention of the subject , and the manner in which , he was sure , it would be received by the house , would give support to their endeavours . If they were not , the same circumstances would serve as an admonition , and co-operate with the opinion which be wished to impress , that if other means failed , it was high time to have recourse to measures , which , whether effectual or not , must at last be resorted to , namely , the use of a similar treatment to all those officers whom the fortune of war had thrown into our power . These were the only means which nations had of enforcing a due observance of the laws of war , in favour of those who risked themselves honourably in their service . —The right hon . gent , before he sat down , expressed his regret that his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) had not given notice of the renewal of his motion , for a committee to examine the state of the national defence . He thought such a committee fully as necessary now as at the period when it was proposed last session . If his hon . friend , or some other gent , did not take up the business , he should certainly think it his duty to bring it under consideration on an early day . The right hon . gent , afterwards 42 named Monday se'nnight for that purpose . The question was then put upon the address , and agreed to ncm . con.—Adjourned . presented a bill for the consideration of their lordships , the object of which was to rectify certain omissions of the insolvent debtors bill of last session , and more clearly to ascertain how far the provisions of that bill were meant to extend ; one of the leading provisions of the bill seemed to be a specific regulation of the lists to be furnished by jailors of the prisoners in their custody ,