had , however , proceeded with the investigation . Now it did happen , that we had the testimony of one Lewis , a most material witness , who could not , however , be heard at the bar of the house . It was necessary that we should , in this case , have the best possible evidence . It was fortunate that this man was brought forward as an evidence , as they had travelled out of their way to investigate this affair . He begged leave , therefore , to follow up the notice just now given by some other notices . He would move for the date of the paper containing the directions of the Admiralty or Navy Board , to the commissioners for proceeding in this affair ; the date of the reference of the case back again to the Admiralty or Navy Board , by the commissioners ; together with a copy of any answer made by the commissioners of naval enquiry to any communication from the Admiralty . said , that if the right hon gent . had any charge to bring against the commissioners of naval inquiry , he had no doubt it would be fully met . observed , that he had never stated that the commissioners of naval inquiry bad refused to proceed with 629 the case , but merely said , that it was his private opinion that this was a case more fit for a court martial . It was extraordinary that he should have been misrepresented , since something passed at the time which shewed that he was not then generally misunderstood . The notices were then fixed for Tuesday . rose . He said , that the public business ought not to be made to wait for any member of that house . He certainly would not wait . He should move the order of the day.—The order of the day for the second reading of the Horse Duty bill was then read , upon , which the hon . gent , observed , that he did not wish to determine the course of the public business . What he thought was , that it would he highly improper in the house to suffer the business of the public to wait for any man . said , that there were some amendments intended to be made in the bill ; and therefore thought that ; the order ought to be postponed to Tuesday next.—This was agreed to and the house adjourned . presented a petition from Mr. Bowyer , proprietor of the historic gallery , in Pall-Mali , praying leave to bring in a bill , to enable him to dispose of the pictures and engravings byway of lottery . Ordered to be referred to a committee.— Mr. White presented at the bar the names of the members forming the committee to try the merits of the Knaresborough election , which are as follow : lord H. Petty , Robert Adair , esq . lord ; viscount Boyle , lord Louvaine , T. Tyrrwhitt , esq . T. Foley , esq . lord W. Russell , sir W. Milner , lord viscount Ebrington , lord Ossulston , sir R. Lawley , bart . H. Holland , esq . hon . G. L. Dundas : Nominees , hon . C. Grey . C. W. Dundas , Esq.— Mr. Creevy rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the postponement of the order , which stood for Thursday , for considering the petition of certain electors of Middlesex , relative to the qualification of Mr. Mainwaring , the sitting member . The hon . member stated his reason for the motion to be this , that till the committee at present sitting on the subject of the Middle- 633 sex election should make their return , which was not expected for several days , it could not be ascertained that it would be necessary to pursue the object of the petition to which his motion referred . If the decision of the committee should seat sir F. Burdett , the petition respecting the qualification of Mr. Mainwaring