, if found to be incorrect , the pay of such officers is stopped , but they are not themselves summoned to give an explanation of their conduct . The hon . officer had expressed his surprise , that after his return to England , and during the period in which the late admiralty board continued in office , this report had been suffered to lie dormant , and no proceedings whatever instituted upon it . He would inform the house of the reason . In the first instance , the admiralty conceived the idea of instituting a criminal prosecution ; they then 270 doubted their power to do this , and determined to refer it to the court of exchequer . That the affair might be fully investigated , various reports were waited for , which had not been received when the late admiralty went out of office . An hon . gent , whom he had in his eye , ( Mr. Dickenson , jun . ) could probably inform the house , whether these reports had yet arrived . If they had , he took it for granted that the proceedings would be continued . The hon . officer had spoken confidently of his ability to justify himself . He could only tell him , that he believed that the board of admiralty could have justified itself much more readily ; yet he would say , that if the hon . officer should be able to justify himself to the satisfaction of the house , and of the country , it would afford him very great pleasure . As to what had been said of the `` scurrility '' of a certain pamphlet , it was most certain that he had read the pamphlet ; but there did not appear to him all that scurrility which was imputed to it . Nay , what was called scurrilous , was , in point of fact , nothing but the report of the navy board . He had read that report ; and , undoubtedly , it so reflected upon the hon . officer , that it was his duty to do away the effect of it if he could . jun . said , he was not prepared to answer the last speaker 's question , with regard to the receipt of any additional reports relative to the hon . officer 's conduct . It appeared to him that the navy board had acted against all precedent and decorum in the case of sir Home Pop-ham . As far as he could call to his recoil lection the last passage of their report , its tendency was , that they had declined hearing sir Home Popham 's defence , and had proceeded on ex parte evidence to please the then board of admiralty . He would not anticipate the hon . officer 's defence , this was not the time to allege any circumstances in his justification . The present board of admiralty had not referred the affair to a court martial , because the time allowed by law on such occasions had expired ; they had not brought it before any judicial court , because the evidence , on which alone their accusations could be founded , was only ex parte evidence . His feelings prompted him to say a great deal on this subject ; he should , however , confine himself to a few words . The affair , in all its circumstances , had , for some , time , been under his most serious consideration ; and he was happy to congratulate that gallant officer , and with him , the 271 service , that house , and the whole country , on the assurance , that his defence would not rest merely on statements of general character , but that he would be enabled to confute his accusers by undeniable proofs of innocence , and by opposing fact to fact . said , it was far from being his intention to enter much into this subject , and he had expected that the hon . gent . would have abstained from general