I still agree with the hon . gent , as to his general doctrine , that this and similar votes ought never to be pri- 556 marily moved , except in a committee of supply ; but { thought it right to open the subject this night , from the considerations which I have stated above . Thus I have not only been careful to preserve the freedom of opinion on all parts of the question of subsidy , but to prevent all objection even , in point of form . For if the house should not be of opinion to allow the subsidy , the 5 millions designed for that purpose will remain to be applied to other services . With respect to this taxes , the hon . gent , wishes to reserve the more particular discussion till the bills shall be before the house ; but even in the present instance , he laments that they are not on consumption . He thinks them too direct . I may think with him in a great measure , as to the superior advantages of a taxation wholly , or almost wholly , indirect . But , sir , will the hon . gent , gravely contend , that all the taxes of this night are direct taxes . On the contrary , the tax on horses kept for pleasure is a tax on use , which is in the nature of a consumption . There is another tax on horses , that on horses employed in husbandry , which keeps pace with the industry of the country , and which can not be said to be a direct tax . The article of the post-office , that tax is growing with our commerce , and our means of general , regular , and prompt conveyance of intelligence , and all other topics or transactions of business which can be discussed by letter ; a tax which attaches to a medium of universal communication , every way calculated to encrease and to render progressive the best means of national and general correspondence , which at the same time increases and renders progressive a most advantageous branch of our public revenues . These last , though not directly taxes on consumption , fall upon the articles made use of for purposes of consumption , and out of the 1,500,000l . 1,100,000l . may be fairly stated as laid upon consumption . These articles have , for the 3 last years , been subjected to many new and un avoidable burdens ; but it is no slight argument in their favour , that the encrease is not attended with any diminution of the wealth , prosperity , or convenience to the country : Now sir , I will leave the committee to judge whether all this be not more a confirmation of my hypothesis , ; than of the doubts and-apprehensions which the hon . gentleman entertains . With regard to direct taxes , certainly they are more inconvenient ; but they are also more econo- 557 mical than taxes on consumption . The best writers on the subject have said of direct taxes , that they are more inconvenient in the collection than doubtful in the principle and it would be most desirable to levy direct an indirect taxes , if peculiar circumstances did not render that far from probicable in the whole extent of a nation 's wents . The objection to the property tax , I think a good deal lessened , by the consideration that it attaches most to those who have most , from which to contribute to the exigencies of the state ; and as to the objection itself , that of its falling unequally on the persons whom it most reaches , I own there is an inequality yet still , as obliging persons to pay at all who paid no other , so far , I think the hon . gentleman will approve of the tax . Now , as to the increase of the tax , and the extent to Which it will go , no man can say with any certainty