his R. H. observed , there was another question of importance , and which he would wish to have decisively answered ; namely , whether it was intended by ministers to make any alteration in the system of the volunteer corps ? He rather put this question to his maj. 's secretary of state for the home department ; because he conceived the description of force in question was more particularly within the province of that minister . He should possibly have occasion to move for the production of certain documents on the subject ; but at present , he would simply ask , whether or not it was intended to make any alteration in the volunteer establishment of the United Kingdom . observed , he would not then enquire how far it could be expected from him , upon ' parliamentary grounds , to answer to such questions as those put by the royal duke . He should now only observe , that , if it should be the opinion of his maj. 's govt . that any further alteration was necessary or expedient to be made in the volunteer , or any other ser- 480 vice connected with the defence of the country , they would , at a proper time ; give every due explanation on the subject . At present , he deemed it his duty to decline giving any further answer . left the woolsack , and declared , that he must enter his serious protest against questions and conversations which were inconsistent with the order and regularity of their lordships proceedings . after being so particularly alluded to by the noble and learned lord , could not refrain from saying a few words in his own defence . If noble lords who attended to their duty in parliament were to be denied all information but such as was agreeable to his maj. 's ministers , there would be no use whatever in their coming to that house ; but notwithstanding his ldp . 's conscientious admonition , he should still persist in pursuing that course of proceeding which appeared to him to be right , until he should be convinced that it was wrong . This was the rule of parliamentary conduct which , he conceived , could alone tend to the honour of the sovereign , and the advantage of the state . rose to make his promised motion for the repeal of the Additional Force bill . He said , that with respect to the topic which their ldps . would more particularly have to discuss , it would not be necessary to occupy much of their time . He conceived , that on that head , to call their ldp . 's attention to certain effects of the measure , would alone be requisite . In viewing the subject before them , it would be necessary to advert to the situation of the country at the commencement of the war ; a period at which the necessity of strong and energetic measures was universally acknowledged , and the measures which were then resorted to , were submitted to ' without murmuring . The administration which succeeded the last , to a certain extent thought a change in the military system of the country expedient ; and their prominent measure , in endeavouring to effect this , was the bill then under consideration . These ministers , in that respect , notwithstanding the magnificence and extent of their promises , and the strong and eloquent language in which one of them in particular reprobated the measures of their predecessors as weak , futile , and inefficient , had in their remedial provisions entirely , but above all , in 481 the measure under inspection , disappointed the expectations of an anxious and confident public . Their professions and promises were magnificent and gigantic , their performance diminutive . The present act emphatically illustrated this position ; and when their ldps . considered what was said when it was first ushered into parliamentary notice , and compared its effects as they appeared in the documents before the house , the language of the