? But the motion of his hon . friend stood on still stronger grounds , if the intention of parliament were to be allowed to have any weight . If parliament had met before the 29th of Dec. the bill would have remained in activity , and it was not requiring too much to require that the spirit of the act of parliament should be acted up to , and that the mere accidental circumstance of the delay of the meeting of parliament should not interfere in defeating a great measure of public improvement . There was one hon . baronet in the house ( Sir C. Pole ) who had been highly instrumental in promoting this important investigation , and who , he was confident , would state to the house that there was no hope of finishing the labours of the commissioners before the termination of the session . He wished to have that hon . member 's opinion stated , for it could not fail to make a powerful impression . He was decidedly in favour of the original motion . feeling himself called on by an observation of the hon . member , rose purely for the purpose of replying to it . He admitted that many important objects of inquiry remained yet to be examined , which it would be impossible to complete during the present session from the numerous difficulties that would arise in consequence of the war . He could not kelp adding , that when the measure had been first introduced , on the suggestion of 684 the noble lord , then at the head of the Admiralty , it was that noble lord 's opinion that it could not be carried into effect during the war . The fact was , that the necessity of the measure had been felt during the last war , but the attempt to put it into execution had been deferred till the peace . As to what had been said with respect to the contents of the eighth report , he should only say , that he was not surprised at any thing which should come from that quarter . utterly disclaimed the slightest personal knowledge of the individuals to whom he had alluded . Nay , he had no connection whatever with them , and acted wholly on public grounds . disclaimed any imputation calculated to make a question of the integrity of the motives of the hon . member for Plymouth . But the abuse of the naval commissioners came naturally from the constituents of the hon . baronet ; for he did not believe that those commissioners were ever respectfully spoken of at the docks . felt it impossible to sit still , without saying a few words on this subject . He had himself had the honour to introduce the bill into that house , and he enjoyed the best opportunities of beings acquainted with the intention of the noble lord who then presided over the naval department . That noble lord had undoubtedly not recommended the measure during the war , because he looked forward to a probable termination of it , and it was his intention to have its operations extended to the time that should be necessary for accomplishing its objects when it had been brought forward . He could state , and the Reports on the table would bear out his statement , that one-third of the naval expences of the country would be saved by an honest and upright discharge of the duties of the offices employed in their administration . This he believed in his conscience , and stated not on light grounds , He knew of some of those abuses now under investigation , which would astonish the house when reported to it . His hon . friend had stated , that there were many other branch , as to be investigated , such as the Victualling office , and the Sick and Wounded office which he had no hesitation in stating to be the most corrupt of all . He and every other officer of his majesty 's navy had suffered by these