bound to acquiesce in the other . The conduct which a nation is bound to follow in the case of limited succour furnished in pursuance of a defensive treaty must depend upon the extent of the assistance , and that extent must be taken in proportion to the whole strength and resources of the nation furnishing . Much will depend , too , upon whether the treaty is recent or ancient , whether it is general in its provisions , or concluded with direct reference to hostilities with a particular state . His maj. 's govt . at the time , wisely gave no opinion upon the question of limited succour in kind to be furnished by Spain to France , because that case did not occur . They did what was necessary for the protection of our interests , had it taken place , and the Spanish govt . were apprized that our forces would attack their auxiliary fleet * and prevent their junction with the enemy : That to do so would have been consistent with the clearest principles of the law of nations , and of self-defence , can not admit of a dispute . But while the moderation of this country was unwilling to drive Spain into war , it was unquestionably necessary to Obtain some pledge that the treaty of lldefonso should not be acted upon . If they did hot make it a specific ground of war , they were v entitled to insist that its hostile principle should be abandoned . In the dispatches of Mr. Frere . will be found the answer which he received to the applications be had made upon this subject , and in which he stated , that unless satisfactory explanations and assurances were given , the treaty of Ildefonso could not but be regarded as hostile . It was not till Aug. that these dispatches reached this country . The answer of the prince of peace was vague and inconclusive , but still it evinced a disposition to delay , and , it possible , to elude compliance with the demands of France Much ill humour existed in the court of Madrid against the latter , and an inclina- 371 tion to resist her domination seemed to prevail ; while every disposition was manifested to give satisfaction to the just representations of this govt . Things remained in this state till Sept. nor was it known here , at least , up to that time , that France had made a formal demand of the stipulated succours . At that period a note was presented by M. d'Anduaga , the Spanish minister here , in which he endeavours to prove that the treaty of St. Ildefonso contained nothing hostile to this country . And here I can not but remark upon a whimsical circumstance in those reasonings of the Spanish ambassador . He endeavours to shew that the treaty in question was , in reality , two treaties , the one defensive , the other offensive , but applicable only to the case in which both France and Spain should , by common consent , enter into war against any other country . It so happens , however , that the first part of the treaty , which M. d'Anduaga contends to be defensive , is precisely that which contains the offensive provisions , and that part which he describes as offensive is that which is defensive . For , under the first part is included the stipulation that Spain , in case the limited succours shall be insufficient , shall put her whole forces at the disposal of France ; words which M. d'Anduaga argues do not mean that Spain shall join France with all her power , though words more synonymous I do not think it would be possible to select . This , however , by the way ; and now to pursue the course of the negotiation . In Sept. a dispatch was received from Mr. Frere , dated in Aug. in which he announces that France had made a formal demand of the stipulated succours . Mr. Frere was then informed by