an ineffectual endeavour to obtain justice by conciliatory measures a declaration of war ought to follow , and not pretended reprisals , which , in such a case , would only be real acts of hostility without a declaration of war , and would be contrary to public faith as well as to the mutual duties of nations . `` —Now , if reprisals in such a case be pot admissible , still less can you resort to an act which has in its nature more of violence and outrage than are to be found in any case of reprisals whatsoever . But the character of this measure is not that of hostility , but merely an act of detention . He believed it was the first time that detention had been used to describe such an act since it was first imported into the English language . Here was a regular-action between two opposite squadrons of equal force , in point of numbers , in which 3 ships are taken , a fourth is blown up , and upwards of 300 lives are sacrificed ! Yet in the Declaration , and in that house , it was resolutely maintained to be merely an act of detention . Lord Harrow by , indeed , with a manly candour honorable 419 to his character , described the affair in its true colours , speaking of it in his dis-dispatch to Mr. B. Frere as a hostile action in which one frigate was blown , up and 3 were captured . The noble lord in another part of the same dispatch also admitted , that it was foreseen by ministers that the expedition might possibly be hostile and provoke resistance . This furnished matter of grave charge against them for not sending out a larger force so as to preclude the possibility of resistance altogether . As it was , however unequal the conflict might be to any nation encountering us with equal numbers at sea , the Spanish commander , not merely from a sense of honour , but as he valued his own personal safety , was absolutely compelled to fight ; for he must indisputably have been shot if he had submitted to such a force without resistance . But what would have been said , if , in the interval between the date of the admiralty order and the time of our minister 's quitting Madrid , complete satisfaction had been obtained from the court of Spain ? Restitution would have been made ! As to restitution of the treasure that was lost , with an overflowing treasury and a bank full of specie ( as it must be , for it pays none ) perhaps there would not have been much difficulty in settling that account . As to the ships , those that were , taken might be restored , and for that which was lost , we would build them a better , and so that account also would be settled . But there was another account not quite so easy to adjust . Can the sea yield up its dead ? How can you make restitution to the king of Spain for the loss of so many valuable subjects , or to the numerous families bereft of so many valuable relations by this rash act of violence and outrage ? So much for restitution and detention—a detention which is destruction , and a restitution , an offer of that which can not be restored . But the outrage was not sufficient : after all , Spain was : to be wounded with that cruel and insulting assurance in the Declaration repeated in that house , that the conduct of G. Britain towards her was that of moderation and tenderness.—As to the other view of the question , viz . the ground of policy , he could not help thinking that , the war might have been avoided , consistent with the honour and the best interests of the nation . If the friendly disposition of Spain towards this country wagged confirmation , that confir- 420 mation was abundantly afforded by those papers , for