at once declared war , it would have been consistent with substantial justice . As it was , our reservation amounted to a pointed end conditional declaration of war . A breach of neutrality was declared actual hostility . By this conditional declaration of war , if circumstances should arise , we were entitled to act at once ; so that when we knew of the hostile preparations and armaments in the ports of Spain , we were justified instantly to declare war ; because , if we could prevent the treasures of that power from reaching in safety her ports , we should be preventing a junction of the forces of the three powers of Spain , France , and Holland ; the succouring of an inveterate enemy , the replenishing of his coffers , or the recruiting of his armies : for assuredly these treasures were not destined for the coffers of Spain , but for those of France . Even in this proceeding , the moderation and friendly dispositions of his maj. 's govt . were as obvious as unequivocal . We detained the frigates of Spain , indeed , but , by the mode of that detention , we left a door open to Spain , to return to her ancient friendships , to the line of her generous and magnanimous policy in better pays , to the course of her high-minded , honourable propensities and feelings , to 384 her true interests , to the paths of her renown and her glory . Now , if we did not at once declare war against Spain , knowing the motives of our unparralleled forbearance , I think it too hard , sir , for gentlemen to charge us with the contravention * of the law of nations , with want of good , faith , or the violation of the most liberal , enlightened principles of a just and prudent policy . It will be found , sir , that we have treated Spain with a kindness , of which , perhaps , no epoch of history can furnish an instance . We carried our indulgence to the utmost extent . We were not , to the last moment , hostile , but to an extent singularly limited : and although Spain was giving every kind of assistance to her ally , although joined with naval force , she was pouring her treasures into her coffers ; still we were willing to listen to her ministry , and , if possible , to avert from her the evils of war . Has Spain requited our friendship ? With the two conditions on which our forbearance could be continued , on which she could be permitted to maintain her neutrality , she refused to comply . These were , first , the cessations of all armaments ; and secondly , the communications of the terms of the treaty of St. Hdefonse . We did not demand more than was necessary to our safety . We demanded nothing but our confirmed right . If we had not insisted on this promptly , and made it a sine qua non , we might , indeed , have been accused of weakness , of pusillanimity , and imbecility . After long concealing her armaments in other ports , Spain evinced , besides , a determination to refuse explanation of those , and of what we alike required , the treaty of 1795 . From these circumstances , war had become inevitable . This was the case long before the affair of the frigates . In fact , their seizure was not known at the time of the discussion at Madrid , or of the notification of the 7th Nov. As to the detention of the frigates , the irrefragable justice of that measure must he obvious to the world . That circumstance , however , makes no part of the case , and we should equally have been at war had it never taken place . I do not say this to extenuate that proceeding , of which I trust I have already said enough completely to justify , deplorable