already alluded to , let it be pointed out ? If it was a measure of war then that the Spanish frigates were captured , it was in pursuance of a system of policy altogether irreconcileable to good faith . If it was a precaution , it was not a measure that partook of the nature of precaution , because measures of precaution were directed only against particular dangers , but the danger from the Spanish treasures or Spanish power , were dangers not existing at particular moments merely ; but dangers of that sort that were to be removed not by precaution , but by war It appeared , too , as if ministers had felt some remorse for what they had done ; for they gave orders not to attack merchant ships carrying treasure or stores , though if it was necessary for our self preservation to prevent stores and treasure reaching Spain in king 's ships , it was equally necessary to prevent their being conveyed in merchant 's ships . What was called indulgence , therefore , was only a modification of what was felt to be unjust , in order to mitigate its odium . With respect to the necessity of declaration of war , though wars had been commenced without declaration ; yet , the best authorities stated it to be most eligible to declare war first ; and there was an instance at the commencement of that glorious war which began in 1702 , that the govt . then , by a public proclamation in the gazette , ordered all ships seized and detained previous to the declaration of war , to be released , as was stated in the proclamation , `` in pursuance of the law of nations . `` —There was only one more observation he had to make , and it was on the menace or caution to the opposition , not to damp the courage and zeal of the public , by censuring the conduct of govt . or arraigning the justice of our cause ! But if those on his side of the house were not convinced ( and it was not in a man 's own power to be convinced ) of the wisdom of administration , or of the justice of the war , what was he to do ? Were they to speak and vote against their opinion , to be silent , or to leave the house ? Had not his majesty by submitting the papers to their 458 consideration , called for their fair unbiased opinion ; and such an opinion they were bound to give . The reputation of parliament was of the first importance to the public interest , and that reputation could only be maintained while parliament continued the faithful council of the king and the upright guardian of the state . What could tend more to damp the national spirit , and to make them question the resolves of parliament , than a supposition that they did not speak or vole as they really thought , but were influenced by patriotic fears of making unfavourable impressions on the public mind ? As , however , both in public and private life sincerity was the source of confidence , and in order to convince men of one 's sincerity it was necessary to be sincere , he conceived it his first duty to declare his real sentiments , and to lay before his majesty his real opinions . Thinking the administration culpable in the conduct of the negotiation , and in the war with Spain , he saw no reason why be should not by his speech and by his vote express those sentiments ; he should therefore give his most hearty assent to the amendment . —After the length of time , sir , which this business has already taken up , and more especially after the able and luminous point of view in which my opinions on this subject have been placed by my hot ) , and learned friend ( the Master of the Rolls ) , the impression of whose speech I hope still remains