Madrid , one circumstance , which though minute1 , was important . I allude , sir , to the arming of the packets . To dispose of all this , I contend , sir , that the evidence , so distinct , clear , and positive of admiral Cochrane , is supported by the very excuses and arguments of the Spanish govt . besides , had we not the evidence of their being armed , in the information of the governor of Gallicia , of a subsequent disarmament ? This gent . 's information was material in another view ; he told us , that they were not any longer armed ships of war , yet that the packets would remain armed . Thus , however real her armament , her disarmament was nominal . Now it can not be said , that the condition of our neutrality or forbearance was , that she should not arm , nor make any armaments in her ports . How is the fact ? Why , sir , an armament took place in a quarter most material for us to insist on her being disarmed , and that was in the port of Ferrol , where the gallantry of our seamen detained in a state of blockade , a squadron of France . The acquisition to this squadron , of a considerable Spanish force , might have occasioned not a little inconvenience . Certainly it would have obliged us to reinforce our blockading 'squadron ; and possibly it would have been , in some respect , the means of causing a disadvantageous change of the positions of our general naval forces . All this , surely , was evidence of a hostile mind . That armament took place after a positive engagement with us , not to make any armaments whatever . In these circumstances , what was the conduct of the court of Spain ? Days and weeks elapse without one order , account , or explanation , from that court to its minister M. ဟAnduaga , to remove , at the court of England , those just apprehensions , jealousies , and unavoidable inquietudes which the known proceedings at Ferrol were , of necessity , to create . The same with respect to Mr. Frere , at Madrid . Not one word of explanation was given to bur chargé ဟaffaires , of the nature or object of these armaments ; but he was told , generally , but most evasively that they were not intended to hurt G > Britain . This idle jargon continued to be the language of the Spanish minister , until they received the intelligence from the Governor if Gallicia of the dextrous attempt of 383 M. ဟAnduaga to persuade , our court that the armaments were for quelling the rebellion of Biscay . M ; ဟAnduaga 's own dispatches arriving , informed the ministers of Spain more particularly of the colour their ambassador had given to the transaction . Yet , when we know , sir , that the same governor of Biscay did at the outset , when not furnished with the ingenious but unavailing excuses of M. ဟAnduaga , inform us , that the expedition was a secret one , shall we be amused out of the conviction of our understanding ? If any man should believe M. ဟAnduaga , with the evidence now before us , it will exceed my imagination of puerile credulity . But , sir , I do not believe that it will be advanced by any man in this house , that there were not armaments in the ports of Spain ; nor can I see how those armaments can be accounted for , but on the principle of a hostile disposition . As to the armaments in other respects , I have only stated what was done . The simple question in reference to our moderation towards Spain , is not whether we did not do enough , but whether we did not do too much ? whether we did not remit our due vigour and decision in not declaring war on the instant ? If we had