of parliament . said , he had before expressed his willingness to give the house all possible information on this subject , but he again assured them , that all the information that govt . could afford them , was already in their possession . However the Spanish minister or Mr. Frere may have dwelt on the word convention , there was no paper or document whatever that bore the slightest reference to such an agreement ; there never had been in any shape whatever any recognizance of a treaty of neutrality with Spain . Such a treaty had never existed ; and it was merely the expression of his maj. 's inclination to forbear from hostilities against Spain , while she conducted herself within certain limits to which this term convention could have been applied by the Spanish court . Strange as it might appear , it seemed highly probable that the Spanish govt . had confounded this expression of a desire to forbear from hostilities on his maj. 's part to the nominal treaty of neutrality they about that time entered into with France , and chose to give the common name convention to both . said , he should urge nothing further on the subject at present ; but on the face of it certainly it seemed to require a great deal of explanation . observed , that it certainly seemed very extraordinary that Mr. Frere , who must have been aware of the full meaning of the word , should still have continued to make use of it so repeatedly . There was an ambiguity about this circumstance which he could not explain . The hon . gent , here read several passages from Mr. Frere 's correspondence , in order to prove that Mr. Frere had used the term convention in a decided manner ; particularly at the conclusion of Mr. Frere 's note of the 30th Oct. he says , `` he has 155 not hesitated to restore the period of the convention ; '' and in the answer of M. Cevallos , dated the 3d Nov. 1804 , he states , `` that Spain , in consequence of the neutrality , concluded the 19th Oct. 1803 , will make no armament contrary to the said convention . '' maintained , that those expressions alluded solely to the treaty which Spain had entered into with France , and not to any engagements with this country.—The motion was then put and agreed to.—On the motion in which Mr. Grey wished to know the periods at which Adm. Cochrane 's letters from Ferrol were received , the Chanc . of the Excheq . observed , that that point would be sufficiently ascertained on the production of other papers that has been moved for by the hon . gent . then remarked , that the papers which had been ordered , would take up some time to prepare and print , before they could be presented to the house . As he did not think it likely that they would be in the possession of gent , in sufficient tithe before Thursday , to allow them to derive any benefit from the information they might contain , in the discussion that was fixed for that day , he was sure it would be a convenience to the house , to be informed , on what day it was the intention of the right hon . gent , that the discussion on the papers should take place . replied , that it would undoubtedly be impossible that the papers then ordered should be printed and presented in time to afford any light on the discussion then standing for Thursday ; and as it was desirable that every information should be communicated to the house previous to that discussion , in order to enable them to come to an impartial 'decision on the whole merits of the case , he was of opinion , that the question fixed for that day 's discussion should be deferred to some subsequent open day . The right hon . gent , afterwards moved , that the papers presented , and to be