Jan. 1804 , to the 22d May , 1804 . '' At this latter period the new administration came into office . Lord Harrowby succeeded Lord Hawkesbury , but of tins noble lord 's letters to Mr. Frere we had but 3 given to us , one on the 22d May , another on the 29th Sept. and the last on the 21st Oct. 1804 . It can not have escaped the observation of the house , that in some of Mr. B. Frere 's latter notes to M. Cevallos , his demands for passports are more urgent , and the expression of his determination not to remain in Madrid , unless he obtains a satisfactory answer to his requisitions more strong than what his authority in the letters from our govt . laid before the house seems completely to warrant . There must still remain a portion of the correspondence of which the house were not in possession , and to endeavour to procure this , he would move for `` copies or extracts of all instructions to Mr. B. Frere , subsequent to the 22d May . '' It was highly probable , as the Spanish minister at our court and our govt . must have had frequent discussions on the important negotiations that were going on at Madrid , that some notes expressive of the sentiments of each party must have passed between them ; he should therefore move for `` copies or extracts of all official notes or letters that may have passed between the Spanish minister at our court relative to the points in dispute . '' By some accident , as he imagined , the letter of Adm. Cochrane , on which lord Harrowby 's dispatch to Mr. Frere , dated the 29th Sept. 1804 , sind giving an account of the armaments , or supposed armaments , at the Spanish ports was founded , had been omitted in the papers laid before the house . Tim was a 152 material letter , and it was likewise very material to ascertain the period at which it was received . For these reasons , he should move for `` a copy of the letter of Adm. Cochrane , containing the information referred to in lord Harrowby 's dispatch of the 29th of September , 1804 , respecting the naval preparations in Ferrol . '' In Admiral Cochrane 's letter of the 11th Sep. 1804 , he describes the formidable state of the Spanish naval force in the port of Ferrol , and in his letter of 21st of Oct. which is the next in the papers laid before the house , he says , '' The Spanish ships , here are in the same state as when I wrote last . '' Now , the fact was , that between those periods of the 11th Sep. and 21st of Oct. those ships had gone back to the arsenal Some necessary , letters therefore , of Adm. Cochrane 's , had been omitted ; and he should move for `` copies or extracts of all letters that may have been received from . Adm. Cochrane , giving an account of the state and force of the Spanish ships in the harbours of Ferrol and Corunna , between Sep. 11 , and'Oct . 21 , 1804 . '' In Adm. Cochrane 's letter he speaks of the preparations in Cadiz and Carthagena . It would be highly desirable to obtain the original authority from which he derived his information , he would therefore move for `` an account of all intelligence sent by his maj. 's consuls at Cadiz and Carthargena , and by any officers of his maj.'snavy , respecting any naval preparations there , and of the state of the arsenals . '' The hon . gent , concluded by observing , that still to add other links to the chain of information which he wished the house to possess , he should move further for `` copies of all accounts transmitted by Sir E. Pellew , describing the state of the French and Spanish ships in Ferrol and Corunna . Copies or extracts of