systems upon the heads of their predecessors ; but what excuse of this kind could be made where a minister had been his own predecessor ? —Now , the first thing he should propose , would unquestionably be to clear away all the obstructions that stood in the way of getting an army . To the system of ballot he certainly objected , though he would not at once do it totally away in the case of the militia . He had been misrepresented as the enemy of the militia , which he had never been . He did not like to see it extended too far beyond the original object , and clogging the regular army . He considered the manner in which the militia was broken in upon some years back , as the most injurious mode of meddling with that establishment , and as one which could only be justified by an immediate emergency . Some gentlemen who held commissions in the militia , fancied they had the militia under the protection of the chancellor of exchequer ; but he would tell them , that they had put their lamb under the butcher 's protection ; and , if they pleased , he would tell the militia colonels how long it would be safe . It would be safe just as long as they themselves had power and numbers enough in parliament to protect it . —The right hon . gent . then dwelt at considerable length on the improper profusion of military honours . Military distinctions , he said , were scattered about over the land , with a profuse and in discriminating liberality . He here again referred to the letter from Edinburgh , addressed to him , and published , which contained some excellent observations on this head , written too , in a part of the island , where he had good reason to believe the volunteers were the most perfect . It was odd , that while all other , characteristic honours are sparingly diffused and cherily kept , and whils they sustained their importance by their rarity they should be so profuse and unbounded in their relations to a profession which , is most particular about its honour and its glory and which seeks , 'the bubble reputation , e'en in the cannon 's mouth . 607 Why should there be this strange , and seemingly unaccountable difference ? Did gentlemen imagine that the estimation of any other honour would long hold its place if treated with any thing like such indifference ? Independently of the impolicy of thus making common the military rank , he would put it to the feelings of gentlemen , whether it was treating military men with any degree of fairness , to lessen the value of that which formed the most grateful reward of a soldier 's ambition , and enabled him to support the greatest variety of fatigue and danger ? From the very nature of man , such a conduct must have an ill effect . By taking away the importance of the military distinction , all the -association of glorious and animating ideas connected with it were likely to be lost , and the public as well as the individual deference attached to it must soon disappear . Many other distinctions might be mere nullities . A man might be advanced to the peerage without any Claim to merit . Certainly the possession of a title of that nature did not imply any : but the military distinction was of intrinsic value , particularly because it implied intrinsic merit . If , said the right hon . gent . you destroy the peculiarity of the symbol , you take away the fairest portion of its value . If you , by your indiscriminate use of a distinction , take from the soldier the fruit of what he has earned by a life of military activity and the arduous exertions of a long and well-fought field , you must , beyond calculation , destroy the spirit of an army , and that high-minded ardour of military life , which has so justly been