both pressing and notorious . But on no occasion did he say , that this suspension should continue always ; for when he supported it on the spur of the moment , his support was founded both upon necessity and notoriety . He had now no ground or information before him , to shew that this measure was bottomed either in one or the other . He now wanted the notoriety , and had reason to think and believe , that since the passing of the act now in force , a great change had taken place in the minds and dispositions of the people of Ireland . Here there was no information brought forward , no danger was made apparent , no necessity shewn , no notoriety established , and yet the house was called upon to pass this act of suspension of the liberties of the people of Ireland , as it were by acclamation , and with no more than twenty-four hours notice . He admitted , as was done by the noble lord who moved the amendment , that the measure might be necessary , but there was no proof of it . There was some reason for it in the former instance ; he thought there was reason for it ; but the ministers did not think proper to give them they now . If it should be admitted that the enemy having Irish officers , and Irish general , should be a justification of sus- 526 pending the liberties of the people of Ireland , there never was , nor ever would be a time of war when the same argument would not equally prevail . He defied any one to mention the war in which , all these circumstances did not uniformly happen . Considering the temper of the people of Ireland , he thought that even decorum towards them required that an investigation should take place into the necessity of the measure . If this precipitation should be understood by them , as proceeding from inattention and indifference , it might be productive of the most fatal effects . For all these and other reasons , with which he should not detain the house at present , he should vote for the amendment proposed by the noble lord . An inquiry could not do any harm , it might do much good ; and it would at least do this good , that it would prevent the establishment of a precedent in the highest degree exceptionable , and which might ultimately produce the most fatal consequences . said , he should , for one , certainly agree to the noble lord 's amendment . If notoriety were sufficient to warrant the suspension , without inquiry , he should say , that notoriety did not exist . He had conversed lately with many gentlemen from Ireland , who concurred in opinion that the measure was not necessary to secure the peace of the country . It had been , indeed , spoken of , as not likely to do harm ; but such an infringement of the liberties of a people ought to be proved to be attended with positive good , before it should be adopted . A bill of this description was not to be treated as lightly as a vote of credit . With regard to the secrecy so much contended for , and the danger and inconvenience said to attend enquiry , was there not considerable danger and inconvenience in exposing the affairs of the Bank of England , and yet a committee had been some time ago appointed to investigate and make a report on that subject . Why should the people of Ireland be treated with less ceremony ? As to the character of the lord lieutenant and his secretary , it made no legislative ground for so severe a measure as the present . He never knew a lord lieutenant in that country who was not represented as a very amiable man . He never heard of a secretary who was not said to be possessed of the highest talents , and overflowing with humanity and