. An hon . gent . has adverted to the want of compensation in this bill . Certainty it does happen , that in a bill that goes to deprive so many people of their property , there is not one clause to indemnify the sufferers , or their losses . Would this have been done even in a common turnpike bill ? If the hon . gent . had proposed such a thing he would have been scouted from one end of the house to the other ; and can the house be so indifferent respecting the colonies , that any person dares bring in a measure to treat them with such injustice , and by listened to with patience ? 657 He would not dare to propose to meddle with English property in this manner . The only mode in which he could proceed would be this ; he would say to the persons whom it might be thought necessary to deprive of their property—we want your land for public purposes ; we will pay down to you the value . Some men who would be obliged to attend to reason in common instances at home , still dare to bring forward oppressive measures respecting islands at 3000 miles distance . The situation of the negroes has been the subject of complaint . Is not the situation of the poor in this country in many instances worse than that of the negroes ? Without meaning to boast , I have given permission to my own negroes to cultivate considerable spots of ground for themselves , and ample time for this purpose . I have lodged and clothed , and have engaged a physician to attend and prescribe to them . I have done every thing for their comfort . Can the hon . gent . say that he has done so much , with all his talk and noise about humanity , for the peasantry of Yorkshire ? I do not wish to impute any unworthy motives to the supporters of the bill , but I am convinced , that as the man who pretends to more courage than another has generally less , so he who pretends to more religion than others , is often the greater cheat . rose to express his opinion against the abolition of the trade ; the question was certainly one of the greatest importance , and of vast magnitude , and the decision of it must be productive of great good , or of the most serious mischief . He was sorry to say , that the opinion he originally gave of the impracticability of the proposed abolition still remained unaltered . It was not from any want of consideration that his mind had not been changed ; on the contrary , he had bestowed uncommon attention to the consideration of this question , from the circumstance of having the misfortune to differ in opinion from many hon . friends of his , and from some who possessed the most distinguished talents and highest endowments ; he , at the first , thought the measure impracticable , and he thought so still , and he thought , moreover , that the cause of humanity had not been at all promoted by the agitation of the question , and was not likely to be benefited by its further discussion . He was aware that there was sort of popular odium attached to the defence of the existing slave 658 trade ; but still he felt a perfect confidence that no popular prejudice of that sort would disincline the . house from giving a full and candid hearing to those who might think differently on the subject . As for himself , he gave his opinion as an individual , utterly unconnected with the trade , or with the West India colonies , having no other interest in the question , than the general interest which every member of that house , must feel for the prosperity of the empire at large . From the best consideration he could give the subject , it appeared to him that the abolition of the trade