referred to , the house would perceive that it was usual to move that evidence should be heard at the bar upon such an accusation ; but to that part of the course of proceeding the noble lord did not think it at all necessary to adhere upon the present occasion , because the report on the table contained a very full account of all the evidence which related to the conduct of the sheriffs ; that account was taken in short hand by a person sworn to report it with fidelity , the several witnesses were interrogated by the members of the committee , who were also on their oaths , and they underwent an ample cross-examination by counsel of the highest ability employed by the accused . The circumstances of the case were therefore already before the house , and there was no necessity for the further examination of any evidence on the subject . An objection , indeed , offered against the further production of evidence , from this consideration , that witnesses not being examined on oath at the bar of the house as 161 they were before the committee , might be induced to prevaricate . On the score of precedent it did not appear to him to follow that a motion for the further hearing of evidence should be made ; for in one of the precedents that had been read to the house , the reason alleged to shew the propriety of such a motion was , that the party accused had no counsel present at the committee to cross-examine the witnesses upon whose testimony the accusation was grounded . This consideration could not be urged in the instance then before the house , nor did he conceive any ground upon which such a motion as he alluded to could be fairly sustained . The full investigation of every thing connected with the charge against , and the defence for the accused , which had taken place before the committee , of which he had the honour to be chairman , seemed to him entirely to preclude the necessity of any fresh examination of evidence . The case of a court martial , the minutes of the evidence taken before which formed the ground for the sentence , to be subsequently ratified by higher authority , he thought analogous to that of an election committee . To the committee it did not belong to pronounce any sentence , or to inflict any punishment . They had only to inquire into the subject referred to them , and to report their opinion thereon . Such was the course pursued by the committee whose report was under the consideration of the house , and that inquiry was so minute that he really could not think any farther inquiry by the examination of evidence necessary . Upon these grounds the noble lord said he would decline to make any motion of that nature . called the attention of the house to the course of proceeding which the noble lord had announced his intention of adopting . In every part of that course the noble lord proposed to act consistently with the accustomed order of the house , with the exception of omitting to move for the production of evidence at the bar . This was a departure from the usage observed in the precedents which , according to the motion of the noble lord , had been read by the clerk ; and also from that which had been attended to in another instance , since these precedents had occurred . From a just solicitude for the important privileges and order of the house , lie felt it his duty to notice the proposed deviation ; at the same time he ob- 162 served that no question would arise upon it to-day . The practical question on this point , as to the sufficiency or deficiency of evidence , would occur when it should be proposed to proceed to a decision , without any farther examination of evidence . rose to ask , for information sake , for what purpose the business was at all brought