to a vast tax for the consumer . This rise was in all cases exceedingly oppressive to the 702 labouring classes of the community . He referred the house to what had been found to be the effect of the salt tax in France . There it was found to be a most odious , oppressive impost , and more than almost any other cause excited disgust against the government . There too the rise of the price counteracted the views of those who projected and persevered in the tax . The people in most cases diminished the consumption , and in others totally disused it . It was a fact that , when the price was comparatively small , there were twenty-eight pounds consumed , while in the same family there was not a consumption of twelve pounds when the price became exorbitant . The hon . baronet desired the house to look to the state of the northern counties , and the sort of bread which constituted the principle food of the laborious classes . Salt was indispensable to the formation of this bread , and surely it was the height of impolicy to augment burdens among those who were the least able to afford them . He should ever set his face against taxes affecting , as this did , the middling , and he would contend , the most valuable part of society . If such taxes were accumulated , it was easy to foresee the consequences . We could not raise the public burdens . We must come to a stand . The state , like other declining empires , must see its last day . He conjured the house by throwing out this measure , to shew their desire to avert so dreadful an evil . would not follow the hon . baronet through all his observations on the public expenditure and economy . He had expressed great alarm lest the additional duty should decrease the consumption , but he could inform him that the last duty laid upon salt had had the effect of of increasing the consumption . Ah hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr . Pox ) had been most egregiously misled in the calculation he had submitted to the house of the quantity of salt necessary for salting pork . He had been informed by his cook , that for a bacon hog of 14 score not more than 13 or 14 pounds of salt was necessary . As to finding a substitute for this tax , it was utterly impossible to find a substitute for a tax that produced a revenue of a million sterling . It was very easy for gentlemen to abuse any tax that might be Offered for their consideration , but he was convinced that under all the circumstances of the times , no one could be found less exceptionable than the present . in explanation , said , that it 703 was not the quantity of salt used in gentlemen 's families for salting that should be stated , but that used by cottagers ; in the former many parts of the hog were , perhaps , thrown away , while by the latter no portion was suffered to be wasted . explained , that his calculation went to the whole , of bacon hogs salted for the use of his family . alledged , that the wholesale dealers would make this tax a pretext for an enormous rise on the retail dealer , and consequently on the consumer , and he also wished to correct a mistake into which the chancellor of the exchequer had fallen ; namely , that it would have no effect upon the price of bread . It was very true , that by the former act the price of bread was regulated according to that of flour only ; but , by the last act , every article of expence to which the baker was subjected was taken into account , and the price of bread for the week regulated accordingly . wished also to correct a misstatement made by the hon . baronet