given to Spain , our measure of just and necessary precaution is termed a breach of faith ; by turning round as it is called upon Spain , and attacking her when she was unprepared . Among the grounds of uneasiness which Spain expresses in the months of Feb. and March , is the inconvenience and hardships they suffer on account of their apprehension for the safety of their treasure ships coming from South America ; then , how could they say they were taken by surprise , since they were apprehensive at 466 that early period that to this our attention would be directed , if ever their breach of the conditions should induce us to proceed to hostility against them , or to take any measure of precaution for our own security ; and after such notices and violations of the conditions of his maj. 's lenity and forbearance , will any man in this house deny we were entitled to proceed by force , even if attended , as it was unhappily attended , by the consequences of battle ? Was not the notice , that if they committed : any further breach of the condition of such lenity and forbearance we should declare war , sufficient to put them on their guard ? And was it not milder in his maj. 's govt . in taking these few ships of force , than if it had taken all the merchantmen to be found on the seas belonging to the court of Spain , the right to which is unquestionable ? Then the matter comes to this , that having a right to make war , yet his maj. true to the principles of lenity and forbearance which had so long distinguished his conduct towards Spain , had not at last recurred to the full exercise of his right , but only took , measures of prudent and necessary precaution ; that is to say , measures to prevent the situation of England being worse , and France better , during the interval of a negotiation , and by which war might after all have been avoided ; but the hon . gent . says , that this negotiation was a mockery , and that the measure , which we call a measure of precaution , was an act of perfidy . The hon . gent , insinuates , that we are ashamed of our own act , and that we should have proceeded at once to war , instead of this measure of mockery of moderation and lenity , if we found that we were entitled to do so ; that is , in other words , that what we have done for the preservation of our national interest , is worse than actual hostility and open war . If this be true , I shall beg the hon . gent ; to consider how valuable a discovery he has made by finding out that it is less dangerous to plunge a nation irretrievably into the calamities of war , than to afford it a chance of averting them by an adherence to justice . The hon . gent , blames us for believing hi the truth of the account we had of the preparations of the enemy , and on the evidence we had to support the credibility of that account ; but if any thing came afterwards , to corroborate what happened at the time we had said we would not make use of the information we received , I wish to know whether gentlemen on the other side would 467 adhere to the rule of justice on which they now wish to proceed ? Suppose we had acted as they say we should have done ; suppose we had permitted this half-manned fleet at Ferrol to come out ; suppose we had suffered these two millions of treasure to go into Cadiz , and from thence , as of course it would , to the coffers of France ; suppose the two fleets of France and Spain had joined ; suppose , what indeed is not probable , but still possible , that