. The next service is the ordnance ; the amount for England is 4,246,994l . ; for Ireland 600,000l . making a total of 4,846,004l . Under the head of miscellaneous services , there has been al already voted for England the sum of 611,000l . but some further sums remain to be voted , which will make the total for England 800,000l . The miscellaneous services for Ireland , including those usual permanent grants in consequence of the Union , amount to 650,000l . making the total for the two countries , 1,450,000l . The total amount of these articles of supply , which I have enumerated is 39,559,521l . But there is another article of supply to which , though I shall not call upon the committee to vote it at present , I shall still take the liberty of requesting the attention of the house . This article is one connected with a subject of the highest importance to the interests , not only of this country , but of Europe . Gentlemen are aware that we have been engaged in a continental intercourse and correspondence , with a view to objects which we must all admit to be of the highest moment . Sir , I have felt the sincerest satisfaction at finding a general conviction on the part of this house , that the ultimate security of this country is materially and intimately connected with the security of the continent . It must be the wish of every man who hears me , that that intercourse and correspondence should be so prosecuted as to restore peace upon grounds calculated to produce and establish that ultimate security which is the object of all our wishes and all our efforts . But seeing what we do see , and knowing what we do know , it would indeed , sir , be rash and presumptuous in us to entertain an expectation that that great object can be attained without further sacrifices on our part . I will not go into details upon the subject at present ; they will more properly belong to a future discussion ; but feeling it to be my duty not to postpone the general supply for the service of the year , I have thought it to be of extreme importance to make such an addition to it as to enable his majesty to afford , with effect , any succours which it may be deemed necessary to afford ; with that view , sir , . I have deemed it advisable not to postpone making provision for those pecuniary succours , in case they should he called for . 545 I state them at 5 millions . This , added to the total amount of supply which I have had the honour of stating , will make the joint charge of the two countries , under the head supply , 44,559,521l . But the committee are aware , that from this gross sum there must be deducted two-seventeenths which Ireland is bound to pay , and two-seventeenths also for the civil list , and other charges on the consolidated fund , not relating to the public debt . The two-seventeenths of the gross amount of supply amount to 5,242,296l . and the two-seventeenths for the civil list , and the charges on the consolidated fund to 160,806l . making a total of 5,403,102l . This sum , therefore , is to be deducted from the 44,559,521l . ; leaving a total of supply for G. Britain alone of 39,156,419l.—But , sir , it is also necessary to take notice of some separate charges which are to be added to that amount , and which do not belong to Ireland . There is a sum which J shall propose to vote of one million on account , towards the discharge of a debt due to the East India Company . A considerable progress has been made in the examination of the accounts ; but I am inclined to think , that it will only be necessary to provide one million now . There is besides a sum , for the deficiency of