naturally anxious to ascertain . reported to the house , that his majesty having been waited upon , to know when he would be pleased to receive their address , had appointed that day at three o'clock , at his palace of St. James.—Mr . Huskisson Moved , that his majesty 's speech be taken into consideration . —The Speaker read , pro forma , that part of it which relates to the supplies.—Mr . Huskisson then moved , that a supply be granted to his majesty . —The Speaker informed him , that such a motion could only be made in a committee of the whole house , and it would be for him to name a day when he meant to move for such a committee . —Mr . Huskisson moved , accordingly , that the house would , on Monday next , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house to consider the said motion.—Ordered.—The house then adjourned to Monday , and , preceded by the speaker , went up to St. James 's with the address . one of the Irish representative peers , was sworn , and took his seat.—Lord Ellen-borough moved the second reading of the bill for rectifying omissions in the insolvent debtors bill ; it was accordingly read a second time , and committed for to-morrow.—A number of naturalization bills were introduced , read a first time , and ordered for a second reading.—Mr . Williams , from the commissioners of naval enquiry , presented the ninth report of that commission ; which was ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Johnson , from the secretary of state for Ireland 's office , presented the 2th , 28th , 29th , , and 30th reports from the commissioners of national accounts in Ireland : ordered to lie on the table . said , that it was his inten- 45 tion , last session , to have given notice of a motion respecting the state of Ireland , but upon communicating with some noble lords , he had thought it advisable to defer it for the moment . Circumstances had since undergone an important change . Fortunately for this country , fortunately for Europe , and , he trusted , fortunately for that part of the united kingdom , a minister was placed at the head of affairs , who had pledged himself , in some measure , to support the cause of that country . As the thing stood at present , he wished , as far as was practicable , to ascertain the intentions of govt . on that important point before he should proceed further , or to see what steps the executive govt . should take in the business . Another consideration with him would be the result of the petition on the part of the Roman Catholics in Ireland . If the prayer of it was acceded to , he should not , perhaps , have any occasion to trouble their lordships on that point . But , should no petition be presented , or , if presented , be rejected , then he should feel it his duty to make the motion , of the necessity of which he had long been convinced by observation and experience . Indeed he could not well bring himself to imagine that it would be opposed by a minister who had given a solemn pledge to use his best and incessant endeavours in support of the measure which he was anxious should be submitted to their lordships ; more especially when he recollected , as their lordships must also recollect , that without the influence of that pledge and promise , that minister could never have succeeded in bringing about the great measure of the union . said , that he was desirous to be acquainted with the effect of a measure brought forward last session , commonly known by the name of the additional force bill . He had reason to apprehend that this measure was far from having attained its object , or rather that it had proved wholly inadequate to it . Should there be no objection