so loudly calls for , have never been even once recommended ? What is there at the present moment which renders these measures so necessary now , that did not formerly suggest the propriety of their adoption ? If he himself has entertained the same views which he professes to entertain , he could not consistently have suffered the subject to have remained so long dormant . What the reasons are which have induced me , who entertain very different views of the subject , to suffer it to remain dormant , I shall , on a future occasion , have an opportunity of stating , and I flatter myself , that the house and the country , will give me credit for consistency , when I have stated the reasons which induce me still to think that the matter should remain dormant at the present moment.—The hon . gent . has adverted to the bill which I last session introduced for the defence of the country , and has expressed a hope that some more efficient bill will be substituted in its room . This is not the time for a discussion of the subject , but I feel myself called upon to state , that I have seen no reason to alter my opinion of the grounds on which that bill was founded , and though I admit that , its effects , in adding to the numbers of our military force , have indeed been exceedingly small , nothing that has happened , considering all the circumstances under which the bill was proposed , and the principles on which it proceeded , induces me to think that it was not a measure which ought to have been adopted . I am ready at any time to meet the hon . gent , and his friends in reviewing the state of the country in all its various relations , I 37 am ready , in particular , to meet the hon . gent . respecting the state of our military force , and the improved condition in which it now stands , compared to what it was last session . I am ready to shew that , at the present moment , we have a regular disposable force far more considerable than many gentlemen seem to be aware of . But , while I say ( his , I am also perfectly willing to agree with these gentlemen , that this regular disposable force should be still further augmented . I will not at all attempt to dispute that means , quite independent of the bill which has been alluded to , might with great propriety be employed for augmenting our regular disposable force to an extent which could render it highly serviceable , whether employed for objects connected , with our separate interests , or the interests and independence of the Continent.—On the subject of the rupture with Spain , the hon . gent , has very prudently declined offering any opinion till the documents referred to in the speech from the throne are laid before the house . He has , however , in alluding to the detention of the Spanish frigates , thrown out a sort of suspicion that this was a violent and unjustifiable proceeding . In a very short time , I am persuaded that the hon . gent . and his friends will see reason to alter that opinion , and confess that their suspicions were erroneous . I fully agree with the hon . gent , that at all times , but especially at the present moment , it is highly necessary to keep up the high character of the country for moderation , justice , and honour , and I am firmly convinced , that when the whole of the late transactions with Spain come to be explained , the detention of the frigates will not at all appear , even in the smallest degree , a departure from the strictest rules of moderation or justice . At the time these frigates were detained , I am persuaded it will be seen that his Majesty might have seized them by