769 dom . Was ever argument so idle and evasive ? The numbers that were to have been raised were 27,000 : of these , 9,000 were to have been acquired from the counties , between the 1st of Oct. 1804 , and the same period in 1805 . All this time had been lost ; the bill had been suspended , and the house was now to be told , that the activity would be in the precise ratio of its inactivity to the present hour . The right hon . gent , said , with respect to immediate means of defence , the kingdom was in a state of security . The foundation of this assertion deserved to be examined . He insisted that he had a right to contend , and be convinced from what had occurred hitherto , that this bill would never be of and avail , and was most unjust and oppressive to the people as well as destructive to the recruiting system . It was utterly impossible to raise , men under it but by exacting the penalty , which would prove a most vexatious and intolerable tax . In this opinion he was the more confirmed from hearing the weak defence and flimsy speech of the right hon . gent , ( Mr. Canning ) that night . The right hon . gent , said , however , that the country was in a stale of perfect security , and recounted the number of our force ; but he could not induce himself to expect as much from the exertions of the volunteers as the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer or his hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) seemed to do . He was a volunteer himself , and respected that body as much as any man ; but too much reliance should not be placed on their supposed superior discipline at present . It was rather strange also , that their numbers had diminished so considerably from last year , when the number was returned to have been 480,000 , and were at present reduced to 366,000 . He only mentioned this circumstance , in order to shew the abusurdity of exulting sometimes on account of numbers , which were subject to such sudden casualties and diminution . With respect to the state of our general defence , he should not hesitate to say that we were as much exposed to the enemy at present , as at any period since the renewal of hostilities . He was one of those who cons dered the danger as great now , if not greater than heretofore ; because the enemy , ever active , had not relaxed a moment from the prosecution of his plans against this country , and had time to accumulate his forces in all the points from which our coast was most assailable he collected his 770 forces , and carried on his preparations , even by sea , in spite of all our efforts to prevent him . The catamaran attempts made during the last summer to annoy him without effect must have convinced him that we could not discomfit his projects . If any doubt remained respecting the inutility of blockading , it must be removed at present , when it was certain that two of his squadrons had put to sea some time since , notwithstanding the extreme vigilance of our fleets . He understood also , that no intelligence whatever had yet arrived as to their destination , which probably would be heard of when they had struck a dreadful blow in some quarter . It could not be said therefore , that we were in perfect security , or that the danger had passed . When the country was thus situated , he submitted to the house that this bill should be repealed ; for , if continued , it would obstruct the raising of a supply for the army , and if removed , a better plan might be substituted . in reply to the hon . gent 's , ( Mr. Sheridan 's ) appeal to the