, owing to the treaty of Amiens , he observed , that the influence of this country on the continent was as little before that treaty as after le it . One advantage of that treaty was , that Id it had afforded the means of preparing ct those effectual measures of defence that al had been provided in this war , into which we had been driven , by leading to that unanimity which had facilitated our exertions . Upon the whole , he saw no advantage to be derived from that revision of acts which had been , highly beneficial to the state , which were suspended because 825 they had done their business ; and particularly he was adverse to that part of the motion which proposed to go into a committee to devise farther measures of military defence—a proposal wholly unwarranted by the circumstances of the country . stated shortly his reasons for supporting the motion . He thought that every part of our military establishment deserved serious revision . He referred to his own calculations respecting the extraordinary deficiencies in our regular force , compared with its actual amount , and contended that the more he considered this subject , the more he was convinced of the necessity of going into the inquiry which his noble friend had proposed . Another noble friend of his had , on a former occasion , alluded to the defence act , and had exposed its nullity in strong and conclusive terms . This , however , was the only thing which ministers had even attempted to increase our disposable force , and no noble lord could look at its effects without owning , if be spoke his real sentiments , that to trust to such a measure as a means of recruiting our army was little better than downright trifling . He thought that a noble viscount opposite ( lord Sidmouth ) and some of his late friends , were bound in consistency to vote for the committee if it were for no purpose but that of getting rid of a bill , which last session they had so severely condemned . Among other topics which his R. H. employed in support of the motion , was the state of the army employed in the colonies . The immense draughts of our regular troops to the West India Islands had long been a matter of deep regret , and the means of counteracting this evil had long occupied the attention of military men . The plan of employing corps of Sepoys in these settlements was one which had long struck him as worthy of serious consideration , and which would , if the committee were granted , of course be fully and deliberately enquired into . Many other important points , which on ? this as well as on former occasions had been referred , would also demand serious investigation . His R. H. alluded to the present state of the naval defence , which he maintained was inferior in efficiency to what was supported by the noble lord lately at the head of the naval department . Here again he conceived a noble viscount opposite ( lord Sidmouth ) called on to state whether he gave any countenance to the accusation brought forward in another 826 place against the late admiralty . Honour as well as manliness called on the . noble viscount to disavow such accusations , if he thought them unfounded . intreated the indulgence of the house for a few moments , the more so , as he was solicitous to answer what he could not help conceiving to be a personal attack . He was particularly hurt by the insinuations of the illustrious personage who just sat down , which seemed pointedly to accuse him of versatility and inconsistency . He must beg leave to say , that : such a charge , in the present instance , from whatever quarter it might come , was wholly without foundation . He had often been called upon to deliver his opinion respecting the measure which formed the chief topic of this night 's debate