from the hands of the person who is most dear to him ; his labours are for her 667 and their mutual offspring ; and the thought of returning to them cheers him in his course , and lightens every toil ; his daily task performed , he reposes with his family ; no retrospect to former days disturbs his slumbers , nor dreams that cause him to awake to agony , at the dawn of day ; no cries of dispair appal him ; no barbarous sounds of cracking whips remind him , that with the form , and image , and feelings of a man , his destiny is worse than that of the beast of the field . And what , in his destiny , is to be set off against these humble comforts , he should leave to be stated by the advocates of this traffic , and return for a moment to what is more immediately connected with the question before the house , just to notice , that it has been Urged as an argument in favour of continuing this traffic , and if we relinquish it , other nations will take it up ; but can it be contended , that if we prohibit the importation of slaves in our colonies , there would he the same demand for slaves there now is ? Certainly not . Admitting , however , in the fullest latitude , that those whom we might abstain from enslaving , would be enslaved by others ; was it no argument , or only one fit to , be remarked in that house , that we should be exonerated from the guilt ? He was aware that he had presumed too long upon the patience of the house ; but he could not sit down till he had congratulated the house and the country on the prospect there now seemed of a Removal of the stigma inseparable from the toleration of this trade . And he both congratulated and envied the hon . gent . to whose persevering benevolence we were indebted for that prospect . Even if the result of this discussion should be unfavourable , his cause of regret will be the least . The blessing of thousands who have perished by this traffic since the comencement of his labours , have already been his recompence ; and in the event of an unfavourable issue to this discussion , the blessings of thousands yet to perish will be added to the score not to mention the immortal meed decreed to him , and the flames which aseended to his praise and honour in one of our commercial towns . With respect to the asperity and sarcasms lavished by some of the advocates of this trade on those who wish its abolition if it should he his lot to share them , he should not repine : nor would he follow the example of those gentlemen . On the contrary , he would acknowledge , that 668 some pesrons whom he honoured and respected , were among those who apprehended consequences from the abolition of the slave trade that he was persuaded there was no just ground to apprehend ; and he believed that the present state of the French West India colonies must stagger them in this opinion . One allegation respecting their trade he was sure they do not believe , nor could he until positive proof be adduced of it . For were it true , that in order to procure slaves , we are ourselves the instigators of those wars which afford the miserable pretence for making them so , he should consider the sytem altogether as the consummation of human guilt . Upon the ground which he had endeavoured to state , and which had been much better stated by others , he should cordially vote for the motion . said , he did not rise with any intention of entering into the debate , but merely in explanation of a circumstance which bad been stated positively , and which he believed had been very much misunderstood . Several of the hon .