French govt . and in the most anxious state of suspense , they could not obtain from our ministers any other treatment than that of silent contempt . In this way the months of June , July , and Aug. passed , without the slightest attention by ministers to their applications , and even to the letters and instances of their own minister resident there . Although he informed them that , at that time , the cause of England was then popular with all ranks of people in Spain ; that they were most desirous of connecting themselves with G. Brit , as the means of keeping them out of the hands of France ; and that the moment was most favourable for that purpose . All this was neglected , and , at length , driven by the criminal neglect and silence of England , the Spanish govt . was forced to yield to the influence of France , and . agree to permit a small body of 1,500 men to march through Spain to recruit their ships at Ferrol . This fact Mr. Frere transmitted oh the 12th of Sept. and stated . the remonstrance which he had made of his own head , on the subject . Notwithstanding this , it was not till the 24th of Nov. that he received an instruction on the subject ; and then Mr. Frere being at length relieved in some ; soft from the painful ignorance and nullity in which he had been kept , thanked ministers most gratefully for telling him what he was to do.—The noble baron displayed , in strong colours , the indecision , and weakness of the whole system of the few instructions which appeared in the immense space of time that elapsed , which he described as `` Yari nantes in gurgite vasto . '' In no one instance had ministers given Mr. Frere plain , intellible grounds to act upon . In the first dispatch of his noble friend , he not only avoids giving any opinion himself respecting the contingent to be furnished to France , but he absolutely prohibits the English charge d'affaires at the Spanish court from giving any ; or in other words , he sends him instructions to negotiate , and prohibits him at the same from going into the particulars of negotiation . If noble lords would cast their eyes over the correspondence , they would clearly perceive , that a mutual distrust had taken place between the Spanish minister and Mr. Frere . The latter in his letter says , that there were all good dispositions on the 357 part of the Spanish govt . ; he states the subject of his conversation with the prince of peace , from which it was apparent , that he was afraid to make an opening to us until we had made one to him . This was surely a case which it was natural to suppose would elicit some fresh instructions from his maj. 's ministers ; quite the contrary ; from any thing that appeared in the correspondence on the table , it passed without a single observation on their part . Mr. Frere then goes on to state how popular the English govt . and character was with the king of Spain , the nobility , the government , the mercantile body , nay even with the mob , and that this happy disposition was only to be maintained by a system of conciliation . This , one would have thought , should have produced something ; he such thing ; even the Spanish minister here was treated with a degree of disrespect , as far as not paying any attention to his representations , that no gentleman should experience . The offer of the king of Spain to mediate was , it would appear , treated with total contempt and indifference , and during all the time that those conferences took place , France had not negotiated . Had the English minister been authorised to have met the Spanish govt . France might have been anticipated , and not suffered to negotiate , as