not be in a yielding state for 14 years to come ; now the present tax would attach on that kind of property , he apprehended , as much as if it was at this moment vendible , or as if it yielded a profit . observed , that the tax would only attach on property mow convertible to its uses ; so that the underwood , which would not be fit to cut these 14 years , would for that period not be liable to the tax.—The other resolutions were now put , agreed to , and bills ordered.—Adjourned . addressed their lordships on the subject of the state of their proceedings with respect to the charges against the above judicial character . It was one , viewing the case in its different points of view , of such importance as he felt him-self called upon to deliver his sentiments upon it . The first consideration that presented itself , his royal highness observed , was , that their lordskips , the highest tribunal in the world , were about to exercise the functions in the case before them , to set a precedent for the conduct of future ages . God forbid ! therefore , that any party views or considerations should enter into its investigation . Of the individual in 572 question he had no knowledge whatever . The first he had heard of him , was by the first notification of the proceedings in question to their lordship 's house . They were , he conceived , then to determine what ought to be the form and course of the proceedings relative to the case of Mr. justice Fox . Their lordships were all aware of the important change made in the situation of the judges of England and Ireland , by the act of the 1st of his present majesty , and this was the first instance of the kind , which had come before them since that period ; this consideration increased the importance of the proceedings before them , and to which were to be added , the high public situations in which the judges stood , who were moreover the representatives of the sovereign . Two different modes of proceeding presented themselves to their lordships ' consideration : the first by suffering the matter to originate in the house of commons , where it could be proceeded with , either by mode of address to i the crown for the removal of the party , or by impeaching him before the high court of parliament ; or their lordships could proceed with the matter as it stood before them . The same mode of proceeding , he thought , from the best consideration he was able to give it , to be decidedly preferable . In either of the modes by which the commons could proceed on such an occasion , their lordships would have an ulterior opportunity of deliberating upon the merits of the case , and deciding accordingly . This , he thought , would also be the most regular and expeditious way , although he thought , in such a case , all individual considerations ought to be out of the question . The disadvantages of the line of proceeding , as already chalked out , were too obvious to be dwelt on . But one consideration , in particular , struck him so forcibly that he could not forbear urging it . Supposing their lordships , on their investigation of the case , should deem Mr. justice Fox innocent of the alledged charges , and that the commons , afterwards , recourse being had to them , a very possible case , should vote an impeachment , which of course would come before their lordships far determination , what sort of answer could they make ? The case ought to be considered and proceeded on with the utmost coolness and deliberation . What he thought the most advisable , as the case stood , was to propose to their lordships to suspend all proceeding in their house 573 for a given time , in order to afford the