what was true . To those who argued that the volunteers were better materials of defence , disciplined as they were , he answered so was a pistol a more effectual weapon than a bludgeon , but if the lock was out of order and the powder bad , the bludgeon was unquestionably better . It was ; absurd to suppose , that putting men in red coats and grenadiers caps , was sufficient to make an army . We were told every day of the volunteers being so well trained , of their dressing , marching , exercising , manœuvring , and looking in every respect like regular soldiers ; but that was not enough to make them regular soldiers . Nothing was more like a man than a picture ; yet it was not a man . He had heard of a celebrated painter who painted grapes so well , that the birds came and pecked them , but they found they were not grapes . It was not the right way to judge of things by appearances . So to judge was to view with the eye of a child , that mistook painted devils for real ones . It was impossible to make an army out of a painted army , or what merely looked like an army . It was not men that made an army , but discipline . Discipline was the very life and soul of an army . You might as well suppose , that flour and eggs and butter and plums , would make a plum-pudding , as that men alone would make an army . The action of the fire and water was necessary to make , the excellent production to which he had alluded ; just so the action of discipline and subordination was necessary to the constitution of an army . He had read in a well-known weekly publication ( Political Register , Vol . 7. p. 193 ) a. letter which the writer had done him the honour to address to him from Edinburgh 597 abounding in true philosophy and plain sense , professing to be a summary of those opinions which himself and others , his friends , entertained on the subject of our national defence ; but the letter stated these matters in a style superior to what he could aspire at compassing . He thought it worthy the perusal of every gentleman who heard him . If the volunteer force had , in the first instance , been only intended as a manifestation of the public feeling , that service had already been performed . A system built on zeal alone , was not built for perpetuity . It was like a fine theatrical position , which could not be preserved beyond a certain moment , and if the curtain did not drop , the arms must fall . The men would fall back into their natural station . By bounties and threats an effort may be made to draw them forth into battalions . The government may shake their parchments at them to drive them back again into these battalions , as it had done at first to drive them forward . A bill may be passed to render the volunteers more voluntary , and to make them permanent they may be constituted into a little militia . It was said , in accounting for the thinness of the musters , that those who absented themselves from drill had learned all that was necessary . Those who were most diligent , being of course soonest perfected , if they absented themselves as soon as complete , those who remained , in their absence must be a mere aukward squad ; and when all were completed , there would be none in attendance . There were certainly some-things , such as swimming , which if once , learned were never forgot ; military discipline was not of that number , it required continued exercise to preserve it . From these considerations , he could not agree that the volunteer system had done any great good ; or that it was calculated to do any