order of the day for taking into consideration the Papers relative to the Discussion with Spain , and also that the three additional papers , presented on the 2d , 4th , and 6th of February , be at the same time taken into consideration . Copies of the said papers will be found in pp . 6l , 171 , 229 , and 291 of this volume . On the question being put , and agreed to , rose , and spoke as follows.—I feel great satitfaction , sir , that the day is at length arrived when we can enter into that full and ample discussion of the papers before the house , which the magnitude of the subject requires , and though I am satisfied that a perusal of these papers , and an impartial consideration of the transactions to which they refer , would be sufficient to convince every rational mind of the rectitude of the measures pursued by his maj. 's . govt . and of the justice of the war in which we are engaged ; yet , reflecting how much the complete illustration of the policy by which we have been guided , and the vindication of the steps which have been adopted , are necessary to the credit of his maj. 's govt . and to the honour of the British nation , I trust I shall be excused if I go somewhat at length into a review of the different aspects of our relations , and the progress of the discussions with Spain previous to the war . In the course of what I shall have the honour to submit to the house , I hope that I shall be able , not only to establish that which , I believe , indeed few can be now disposed to question , the ultimate justice and necessity of the war , but also , the exemplary moderation , liberality , and forbearance of the ministers of this country in every period of our relations with Spain since the breaking out of the war with France ; and when unexpected circumstances required the departure from the system of lenity which it was always the desire of the Brit . govt . to exercise , that though they were not deficient in vigour to vindicate the rights , and to avenge the cause of the country , they never deviated from the laws of nations or the principles of good faith.—In the first place then , it it is necessary to take into consideration the relative situation in which Spain stood towards this country at the breaking out of the war , in consequence of her antecedent engagements with France . I need hardly say more to characterise that situation , than barely mention the treaty of St. Ildefonso , and the stipulations it contained . Spain was bound to France by a treaty on the face of it both offensive and defensive , and , in fact , a treaty which was by the contracting parties so entitled . Besides guaranteeing neutrality , their territories , & c. they agree to assist each other with 15 ships of the line , and 24,000 men : and this assistance , too , as appears from the 8th art . is to be given upon the 367 demand of the requiring party , and the demand is to be taken as conclusive evidence of the necessity , precluding the party required from making , any investigation or inquiry , as to the justice of the war , or the policy of the object for which the succours were to be granted . Nay , by the 11th art . of this treaty , the contracting parties are to-assist each other with their whole forces in case the stipulated succours should be insufficient . This treaty it is most important to keep in view , as the foundation of all the proceedings which it was thought incumbent on this govt . to adopt . The Spanish ambassador in this country , in several of the notes before the house , it will be seen , endeavours