general subject , he conceived necessary , respected the transactions which had not long since taken place at the prison of Kilmainham . His lordship then in substance moved , that there be laid before the house a copy of the depotions of certaiin prisoners confined in the gaol of Kilmanham , taken before three judges of his majesty 's court of king 's bench in Ireland , who sat in the 720 said prison for that purpose , on the 16th and 17th days of July last . expressed his wish , that the noble baron would postpone the motion , for a short time , as at present he was not prepared to say whether or not he ought to object to it . It was one of that particular nature , as obviously required some previous consideration or inquiry . He , therefore , wished his lordship would not press it . replied , he thought the subject matter of the motions was of a nature so clearly unobjectionable , as that he was surprised any opposition could be offered to it . He recollected what transpired on his recently agreeing to postpone another motion . For the present he seemed inclined to press it . in explanation , begged the noble baron to recollect that the motion alluded to as postponed was so deferred as his own act . On the present occasion , feeling that he was not prepared to give a decided opinion as to the merits of the motion , he would move the house to adjourn . said a few words in support of what had fallen from his noble friend . The question of adjournment was then put . rose , and defended the observations of his noble friend . He considered the information required by the motion as unobjectionable , and necessary to be laid before the house ; with a reference to the extraordinary powers vested in government by the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland , there could exist no doubt , that what had appeared , on an inquiry so constituted as that specified in the motion , was fit to be laid before that house . He thought it hard , when that part of the united kingdom was deprived of the benefit of the Habeas Corpus Act , that all relevant information , as hitherto called for , should be withheld . Were these denials persisted in , it would look as if they were inclined to abandon all constitutional controul on the exercise of such extraordinary powers as were now vested in ministers . They refused even to consider the state of the jails in that part of the united kingdom—a consideration they ware the more bound to do , as connected with an act recently passed by themselves . observed , no man could possibly lament the necessity of suspending the Habeas Corpus act more than 721 he did , nor could be more willing than himself to have every degree of proper information afforded . He , therefore , wished it to be understood , that , in supporting the motion for an adjournment that night , he by no means wished to oppose the production of any information whatever that ought to be given ; but , that he only sought for an opportunity of informing himself whether the information required in the present instance was such as ought to he given.—His lordship then referred to the wording of the motion , particularly those words , `` who sat for that purpose , '' from which , he could not collect for what purpose it was the sitting in question was held . The production required might involve the disclosure of circumstances , which , for a time at least , it may be highly necessary to keep secret , as information respecting traitorous conspiracies , & c. : the delay till to-morrow could at any rate make no difference , it would only give his majesty 's ministers an opportunity of ascertaining , whether the depositions in question were or not of a nature fit to be laid