to set up his own , as appears too , in the first instance , unauthorized reasonings , to shew that this treaty was not offensive . To such reasonings I oppose the treaty itself , which expressly puts at the disposal of France the whole power and resources of the Spanish monarchy by sea and land , which strips Spain of the right to ask a question or exercise any judgment as to the purpose of the succours she is to furnish . Such a treaty , unless distinctly disclaimed , I contend must ipso facto have rendered Spain a principal in the war . On the face of it such is the treaty of St. Ildefonso ; and if any thing were wanting to explain its tendency , it would be the example of what happened in the year 1796 , in which the offensive provisions were specifically directed against England . Indeed , who that recollects the circumstances in which the treaty was concluded , and when Spain was compelled to subscribe and ratify that record of her vassalage to France , could doubt the spirit of the contract , or its hostility to the British nation ? Such was the situation in which his maj. 's ministers found themselves when the aggressions and injustice of the present ruler of France forced them into the present rupture . This was the situation of the relations between both countries when his maj. 's ministers , actuated by sentiments which I can not but applaud , resolved to delay their determination with respect to the light in which they should regard Spain , till they should see in what manner , and to what extent , Spain would be disposed to carry its observance of the terms of the treaty . In whatever light the treaty should be viewed , it could not be considered on the part of Spain , but as a reluctant tribute to the overbearing dictates of its ambitious and tyrannic , ally ; yet , 368 whilst stipulations so directly hostile of the interests and security of this country remained in force , no man , I am confident in this house , will deny , that it could only be attributed to extreme pusillanimity on the part of his maj. 's govt . if they had not required the clear , distinct , and explicit renunciation of the offensive articles ; but the feelings to which I have alluded , for the degraded and humiliating situation of that country , and which so justly influenced his maj. 's , ministers on the occasion , dictated a spirit of moderation and forbearance in the measures they adopted with respect to a court , of which , though an enemy , I am not disposed to speak with severity , at the same time that I can not but admit that in its present state it seems to possess very little of that honourable , spirit , and those high-minded sentiments , by which the Spanish nation has been so long characterised . On this ground , I am convinced that the tenderness , moderation , and forbearance shewn by his maj. 's ministers , from the impulse of such generous sentiments , not upon any principles of true or sound policy , for the degrading situation to which necessity , not choice , had reduced Spain , will meet with the decided approbation of the house . I state this particularly , because it was , in the first instance , deemed expedient to gain time , and the Spanish court seemed as desirous to get rid of their engagements as we were to detach them from their ally . But , considering the situation in which Spain was placed , considering the situation and circumstances of Europe , considering also that the intemperate and precipitate conduct of the French ruler might compel Spain to take an active part with him in the war , the same sentiment to spare , the same generous feeling for its degraded-situation , could no longer be suffered to influence his maj. 's govt . to a perseverance