table . thought himself perfectly in order . He was only attempting to shew that the commission ought not to be continued as it was at present administered . The reports were such , that if published by any authority but that house , they would be deemed the rankest libels that ever were written . In one of them , there was a charge against a grand jury of 682 Devon , which , oh enquiry , he had heard was levelled at a Mr. White , Sheriff of Exeter , who was accused of having tampered with the jury , because some of his own relations were amongst the persons the commissioners had ordered to be prosecuted . conceived the hon . baronet would have been out of order , if he had not come to the point he had just now laid down . Having charged the commissioners with abusing their powers , and having suggested the propriety of restricting them , the hon . baronet was called upon to substatitiate his charge of abuse , and to bring forward a specific motion for curtailing the powers . If the commissioners were to be abridged of their powers to detect and punish the foulest frauds and the most flagrant abuses , in the most important department of the public service , it was fit that the cause of that curtailment should be made out . It was natural to suppose some extraordinary cause for the rejection of a bill supported by direct evidence . A loose imputation should not be suffered to tarnish the credit or diminish the powers of men who had exercised those powers for the benefit of the country . He thought the hon . baronet called upon in the first instance to make good his charge , that the commissioners had abused their power , and then to move that those powers be abridged . justified himself by stating , that he did no more than cite the case from the 8th report of the commissioners of naval enquiry . argued , that if there was , as the worthy baronet had insinuated , any fair charge against the commissioners for any of their Reports , this was not an evil for which no remedy existed . If any set of men had been injured , they were not without redress . If the commissioners had been guilty of any act of oppression , the house had the means of procuring to individuals improperly attacked full retribution . They could either recall or restrain powers which had been illegally or oppressively exercised . The hon . and learned gent , who had introduced the discussion had alluded to a variety of important subjects which remained for the investigation , of the commissioners , and the right hon . gent . opposite had not denied that these matters were extremely interesting in themselves , and deserving of serious inquiry . He had , however , thrown out a hint that there was reason to hope the investigation 683 might be closed before the close of session . But it was to be kept in view , that the proceedings of the commissioners had already been extremely laborious , that they had furnished many voluminous Reports , and that there was no reason whatever to suppose that in the short time which might intervene , previous to the termination of session , there would be time for bringing their investigations to a satisfactory conclusion . The benefits arising from the inquiry were not denied even by the right hon . gent . and he would appeal to the house , whether he was asking too much when he contended that the full benefit of the act authorising the inquiry should be obtained ? There was a strong probability that , unless the bill was renewed , it would fail of producing that effect Which all seemed to have so much at heart ; and could any thing therefore , be more reasonable than to put it out of all danger of expiring before it had produced all that reformation which it was calculated to produce