. begged leave to set himself right from some misunderstandings . He did not say , that notoriety was no ground , but that it should be accompanied with great and imminent danger . Notoriety was too general and vague a term to be in itself sufficient ; and if ever there was a doubt how indecisive this term was , the various meanings that had been affixed to it this night afforded the strongest exemplification of it . The representations of Ireland by the gentlemen of that country were completely at variance . It was evident from this , how dangerous it was for parliament to lend itself to mere representations ; and , for himself , when the evidence was doubtful , he preferred that which went to maintain the people in the enjoyment of their liberties to that which went to deprive them of them.—The question being now put , there appeared , For the original motion , 159 For the amendment , 54 Majority , 105 said , he had to call the attention of their lordships to a subject of very serious and weighty importance , namely , the matters alleged in charge against one of his majesty 's judges in Ireland , Mr. Justice Fox , now under their lordships ' consideration . He certainly should have come forward , as he now intended to do , when the subject was last under discussion , were he not prevented from attending by severe indisposition . The case was certainly of a novel description in that house , and , in every point . of view , whether as effecting the individual , the public , the character of that house , and the consideration of its being to form a precedent with respect to the exercise of the highest of all their functions , one of the greatest importance , and it behoved them lo proceed to its consideration in the most serious and deliberate manner . On this head , lie felt it his duty to submit to their lordships his ideas of what was proper and fitting to be done upon the occasion . He did not know that he should have to close what he had to say with , any regular motion . What he should offer , he had ra- 536 ther their lordships would turn in theft minds , did they deem it of any weight , or receive assistance in the way of discussion from those who were more conversant in the subject than himself , either then , or any future opportunity , than come to any decision upon his propositions , that day . As the case stood , it appeared that several petitions were presented last session , complaining of misconduct on the part of one of the Irish judges in the execution of his high official duty ; in considering this proceeding , it was natural to refer to the provisions of those acts of parliament , by which the judges were placed in their present situation . By these the tenor of their offices was good behaviour , they were re-moveable only on the address of both houses of parliament ; the case might some before them in the way of judicial proceedings . With the House of Commons there were two options vested : the first to vote an address of removal , in which their lordships would afterwards have to consider of their concurrence ; or to impeach the party before the tribunal of that house . In deciding upon the case , as it then stood before their lordships , they should be guided by two leading considerations : first , that of proceeding in the most convenient manner under the circumstances of the case ; and , secondly , that such proceeding should be in a way the most analogous to the principles of the constitution . With respect to the first , it would be proper to pause , for a time sufficient to ascertain whether the other house of parliament may not originate a proceeding upon the case , as it may in point of fact