the course already resolved upon . stated , that his only object in coming forward , was the ends of justice , and to settle the case between the learned judge and the petitioners , on the part of an injured public . As to the form or mode of effecting that , he had no wish to express ; and , though his opinion , from what he had heard upon the point , was decided , he had no wish to express that opinion . The discussion of the important subject under consideration had been , on all sides , treated with due gravity and decorum ; there was , however , one exception . A learned lord , who formerly filled a very serious and grave situation , had , he thought , in some measure , departed from the proper mode of treating the subject . There were even appearances of a bias in his mind , and he regarded him as insinuating that he thought some of the charges were ill-founded , as he said he had abandoned them . With respect to the charges , his wish was , not to bring for- 578 ward any but what were of sufficient weight and importance . The reasons which induced him not to bring forward , the second time , those charges which were omitted , was specifically stated by him at the time ; and these were , on the present occasion , referred to by the noble marquis . spoke in explanation . He would leave it to the noble marquis himself , how far he had , in his expressions , departed from that degree of gravity and dignity which should always accompany discussions in that house . With respect to the charges adverted to , he only said , he had a right to assume some of them were not well founded , because they were withdrawn . He by no means alluded to the noble marquis , as having proposed them , knowing them to be ill founded ; did the noble marquis know him as well as some noble lords in that house , he would not have so expressed himself ; he never had a personal altercation with any man ; he never made the smallest personal allusion to the noble marquis in what he said , still less did he attribute to him any improper motives . spoke generally in support of the proposition . No individual Considerations , he thought , should weigh on such an occasion ; their lordships should consider they were about to set a precedent on a case of the highest importance ; a circumstance which should outweigh all minor considerations . observed , the more be considered the subject in question , the more he was confirmed in the justness of the objections he bad offered on a former night . By what fell from a noble lord opposite , he was misconceived in what he said on a former night ; what he had said was , that when the commons had decided upon a vote of impeachment , he could not conceive any ground upon which they were not bound to agree to an address for removal in the first instance . With respect to what had been said that night on the ground of delay , proceedings of the kind involved a kind of trial in the house of commons as well as in that house ; of this the case of Mr. Hastings , who was heard in his defence at the bar of that house , was an instance , as was also that of sir Elijah Impey , though the events were different . However , with all possible respect towards the house of commons , he thought , that , in the particular case before them , truth and justice were more likely to be obtained 579 by pursuing the investigation , as resolved open by their lordships , than by referring it to the commons . No material inconvenience could arise even in the event of the contingencies so often alluded to ,