lords informed the house , that their 1dps . requested the house would give leave to sir T. Featherstone , bart . the hon . G. L. Cole , sir James Stewart , bart . and M. Archdall , esq . to attend the lords , in order to be examined as witnesses before the committee appointed to consider the matters alleged against Mr. Justice Fox , on the 18th Feb. next . The speaker , after putting the question to the 147 house , informed the messengers that the I house would return an answer by messengers of their own . brought up a petition from certain freeholders of the county of Middlesex , claiming to have had a right to vote at the last election for that county , setting forth that at the last election of a knight of the shire for the county of Middlesex , sir F. Burdett , bart . and G. B. Mainwaring , esq . were candidates to represent the same county in parliament ; that , on the shew of hands , the then sheriff declared the majority to be in favor of the said sir F. Burdett ; that thereupon a poll was duly demanded in favor of the said G. B. Mainwaring , and was proceeded on from day to day ; that , at the close of the said election , the said sheriff returned the said G. B . B. Mainwaring as duly elected to represent the said county in parliament ; that , after the demanding the said poll , and previously to the granting thereof , or proceeding on the same , the qualification of the said G. B. Mainwaring to represent the said county in parliament , was duly requested of him , and the said G. B. Mainwaring was thereby required to swear to the same , according to the provisions of the statute in that behalf made and provided : that , on such request being made , the said G. B. Mainwaring insisted that the provisions of the said act of parliament above referred to , did not extend to him , he being the eldest son and heir apparent of a person qualified by the said statute to serve as a knight of a shire ; but , immediately afterwards , the said G. B. Mainwaring took his corporal oath , in the form , and to the effect , prescribed by the said statute , and swore that he truly and bonâ fide had such an estate in law or equity , to and for his own use and benefit , of or in lands , tenements , or hereditaments , over and above what would satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might affect the same , of the annual value of six hundred pounds , above reprizes , as did qualify him to be elected and returned to serve as a member for the said county of Middlesex , according to the tenor and true meaning of the act of parliament in that behalf ; and that his said lands , tenements , , or hereditaments , were lying or being within the several parishes , townships , or precincts , of Edmonton and Enfield , in the said county of Middlesex ; and that the petitioners are informed and believe , and represent to the house , that , at the time of the said election and return , when such 148 demand of his qualification as aforesaid was made , the said G. B. Mainwaring was not the eldest son or heir apparent of any person so qualified as aforesaid to serve as knight of a shire , and then had not any estate , freehold or copyhold , for his own life , or for some greater estate , either in law or equity , to and for his own use and benefit , of or in lands , tenements , or hereditaments , over and above what would satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might affect the tame , lying or being in Edmonton and Enfield aforesaid , or either of them , or