a knowledge of which , the house and the public were indebted to the exertions of his hon . friend ( Mr. Grey ) who moved for their production . ( Here Mr. R. read the concluding part of the extract of a dispatch from Mr. Frere to Ld . Hawkesbury , dated 9th Oct. 1803 , being No . 8. of the papers delivered to the house 2d Feb. beginning `` Your 1dp . may rest assured , '' & c. and so on to the end of the extract , see p . 179 . ) Nor did it appear that this friendly disposition had ever been weakened . The pecuniary succours paid by them to France could not be considered as voluntary ; they consented to pay them as the price of their neutrality . Still less could they fairly be urged against them by us as a just ground of war , who connived at the same payments made by the Hanse towns , and even by Portugal , our close ally . If we knew them to be oppressed by the domineering influence of France , the comity of nations , and even common humanity should have induced us to consider their embarrassing condition with an eye of indulgence , and should have dictated to us the obvious policy of forbearance and moderation . And if ever there were a period when more than at another , it was our duty and interest to conciliate the powers of Europe by a religious observance of good faith , and of the law of tuitions , this was unquestionably that period . For , able as we were , and he trusted ever should be , to defend ourselves alone , if we hoped to set any bounds to the gigantic and overgrown power of France , that could only be effected by the co-operation of the continental powers , which must arise from the conviction alone that our cause was just . And even if the justice of our cause were mote indisputable than he feared it could be made to appear , we had made an impression upon the nations of Europe highly unfavourable to our honour by the mode in which we had commenced ; hostilities , shewing that we were actuated by a sordid thirst of lucre rather than a generous resentment of supposed wrongs.—On every ground , therefore , both of the impolicy of the war and the injustice with which it was commenced , the amendment of his hon . friend had his cordial support . expressed his determination , to vote for the address , and wished shortly to detail his reasons to the house . He could not discern those breaches of good 421 faith upon bur part with which the proceedings of this negotiation had been reproached . The relative situation of the two ' governments required vigilance , discrimination , and jealousy on our part , and on the part of Spain candour and openness of communication ; we discharged our duties , but Spain failed in hers . Charges had been made of long lapses on the part of our govt . during which nothing was done , nor any instructions sent to our minister at Madrid ; but it appeared to him , that on the contrary , a regular system was laid down at first , which was followed up from beginning to end , notwithstanding the different hands into which it came , with as little variation as possible . With respect to the treaty between France and Spain , it was evidently pointed against England ; it was evident that Spain by that treaty was placed , if not in an actual state of hostility with this country , in a state very near it , and that she could scarcely maintain a qualified neutrality . The refusal to communicate the provisions of that treaty to us rendered it evident that there was something hostile to this country ; why should they refuse to make that communication , if they did not know that , from the conditions of that treaty ,