`` capable and efficient '' one , had prevented them from carrying their views into effect , and there was no prospect of the present board of admiralty following up the resolution of their predecessors . When he saw the hon . officer not only invested with an important command , but apparently high in the confidence of his maj , 's ministers , he thought it was not at all unnatural to suppose , that no sort of proceeding respecting the hon . officer 's conduct was in contemplation . It might be said again , that this subject would , with much more propriety , have been submitted to the consideration of the commission appointed to inquire into naval abuses . For his part , he should have felt pride and satisfaction in having the merits of the question tried before that board . Never , he believed , did any men , invested with great powers , discharge their duly to the house and the public with more zeal , and more fidelity . But as it was understood that this board had it not in their power to take cognizance of the business , he had felt it his duty to submit it to the consideration of the highest tribunal in the country . He lamented deeply the painful nature of the duty he had this night attempted to perform . If the charges which appeared in the report of the late board against the hon . officer could not be supported , he should rejoice in having afforded him an opportunity of establish- 266 ing his character , and refuting ill-founded charges , and public calumny . He should hope , likewise , that the house would do him justice , and give him credit for the integrity of his intention , in arraigning the conduct of the hon . officer , who , if guilty , should be made to feel , that he was employed not only to fight in the cause of his country , but also to be the steward , in his department , of the public purse . The hon . gent , concluded , with moving , `` that there be laid before the house ; 1 , An account of the repairs of the Romney ; 2 , A copy of the report of the navy board , of the 20th Feb. 1804 , respecting the repairs of the Romney and Sensible , and the expenditure and supplying of stores on board of those ships while under the command of sir Home Popham , together with its enclosures ; 3 , Copies of the letters of marquis Wellesley , respecting the above accounts , transmitted to the directors of the East India Company . '' As soon as the first motion was put from the chair , rose , and assured the house , that no man in existence was more anxious than himself to have every pant of his conduct fully canvassed ; no exertion had been omitted on his part to have a fair opportunity of vindicating himself from the charges which were so industriously circulated against him in an anonymous and scurrilous pamphlet , from which the hon . gent . who introduced the business , appeared to have drawn all his information . The hon . member had expressed his surprise , that no answer had been given to that pamphlet . He begged leave to assure the hon . gent . and the house , that this had arisen from no backwardness on his part , to meet the scandalous falsehoods which that pamphlet contained . The fact , however , was , that a certain degree of caution and alarm in the press had retarded the publication of his answer ; which now , however , was before the public . From this answer , he begged leave to read a few extracts of letters which had passed between him and the board of admiralty , from which it would be clear beyond all possibility of doubt , that he had on every occasion evinced the most ardent desire , not