like the man mentioned in Tristram Shandy , there was only one nose as large as the steeple of Strasburg , which put all the rest out of countenance . It was the right hon . gent 's early declaration , that he would never accept of any subordinate situation . Now , he will have no equality , he will have no man near him who shall have a voice of his own . Now that he comes back with a diminished character , he enlarges his claims beyond even all his former pretensions . The other , members of the cabinet are much the same as in the former `` silly , imbecile '' administration . There is my old friend , for whom I have a great respect , my lord Westmoreland , who is certainly neither wiser nor less wise than he was before . There is my lord Chatham , in whom there is no evident difference . The noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) came into the last administration an odd way , and continues in rather an odd way in the present . As for the lord Chancellor , the right hon . gent . does not appear to have found him out as yet . He has not yet disco- 740 vered that his lordship knows nothing about the laws of the country , though he was a member of the late administration . But my lord Hawkesbury is a rare example . When he was thought at one time the fittest man in the world but one to fill his department , why has the right hon . gent . forgotten to say any thing in favour of his successors , lord Harrowby and lord Mulgrave ? For my lord Mulgrave , I have much personal respect ; but what does the right hon . gent . say of his superiority over lord Hawkesbury , the fittest mail , save one , in the country ? the noble lord , to be sure , has had experience in public affairs ; he somehow or other got into Toulon ; partly by some treachery among the inhabitants , who hesitated and differed about the mode of giving up the place ; and perhaps it may be said he has managed very dextrously in getting into the place where he now is . Whether his lordship has the same opinion of it as he had of the other , and thinks himself , `` in a state of comfortable security , '' I do not pretend to know . But this I may say , without trespassing on the partiality of friendship , that as the right hon . gent . has not yet given the noble lord a high character in this house , as he never yet told us that he was the fittest person in the kingdom for his office , there seems to be something like a good chance of finding that he really is so . A noble duke without an office still remains . Formerly we used to have persons in the cabinet for business ; now , it would appear , we had them for ornament . They may add something to the state of the business , like the pomp of led horses in an equipage . This noble duke ( of Portland ) appears ready to fill a place in any cabinet . No minister can be distressed for a person to fill up a vacancy in his cabinet , while this obliging personage is to be found , The right hon . gent . seems to follow the same principle in his cabinets as in his defence bill ; but he succeeds in one , though he fails in the other . He can make no use of his reservoir for soldiers , but be has a perfect reservoir for ministers ; he has only to turn the cock , and in they come.—So far as I have gone , at least the comparison will not be denied to be rather in favour of the feeble administration of the right hon . gent