4 ; and of all ships from Scotland employed in the whale fishery to Davis 's Straits and the Greenland seas . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—He afterwards presented an account of the duties of excise in Scotland , out-standing on bond or otherwise , on 5th April , 1803 and 4 . Ordered to be printed.—Also , an abstract of the account from the commissioners of the Northern light-houses . Ordered to lie on the table.—Sir E. Nepean gave notice , that he would , on Monday , move for the continuance of the suspension of the habeas corpus and of martial law in Ireland.—Mr . Alexander brought up the insolvent debtors ' bill , which was read a 1st and 2d time , and committed for Monday.—On the motion of Mr. S. Bourne , a new writ was ordered for the county of Hertford , in room of the hon . P. Lamb , deceased.—A petition of the there-undersigned was presented to the house , and read ; setting forth , `` that the petitioners , at Michaelmas , 1801 , entered upon the office of sheriffs of London , and sheriffs of the county of Middlesex , and continued in the discharge of the same till Michaelmas , 1S02 ; and that , during their continuance in the same , they did , by virtue of their said offices , and at a great expence , trouble , and inconvenience to themselves , preside , and were returning officers at three different strongly contested and protracted polls , namely , the election of a bridge-master , the election of four citizens to represent the said city of London , and the election of two knights of the shire to represent the said county of Middlesex in this present parliament ; and at the close pf the said sheriffalty , the livery of the said city of London came to the following resolution , in a meeting or assembly of the mayor and liverymen of the several com- 134 panies of the city of London , in common council assembled , at the Guildhall of the said city , on Wednesday , the 29th of Sept. 1802.—Resolved unanimously . `` that the thanks of this common hall be given to Sir W. Rawlins , knt . and R. A. Cox , esq . late sheriffs of this city , and late sheriff of the county of Middlesex , for their firm , manly , and conscientious discharge of the various important duties of that high office , in a year of unprecedented public duty , for their-liberality and humane attention to the several prisoners confided to their care ; and for the zeal they have manifested in support of the rights and privileges of their fellow citizens , and of the British constitution , by preserving inviolate that great bulwark of public liberty , the freedom of election—Woodthorpe ; '' and the petitioners state , that while in the execution of such office of sheriffs of the city of London , the petitioners having , upon the election aforesaid of four citizens to represent the said city in parliament , returned sir W. Curtis , bait , sir J. W. Anderson , bart . H. C. Combe , esq . and sir C. Price , bart . to represent the same , a petition was , by sir W. Lewes , knt . an unsuccessful candidate at such election , presented to the house against the return of the four citizens aforesaid , and against the petitioners , for making such return as sheriffs of the city of London aforesaid ; which petition being by the house referred to a select committee appointed to try and determine the same , was by such committee voted frivolous and vexatious ; and the petitioners were thereby entitled to be reimbursed the heavy costs and damages they had been put to in defending themselves against such unjust charge so brought against them . ; but , from the distressed circumstances of the said sir W. Lewes , knt . the petitioners have not to this