other remonstrances that they had no longer any existence . As this explanation was given , why was the discussion on the other point be abruptly terminated ? If an accredited minister was to be sent to Madrid , why could not ministers have waited till his arrival at Madrid , '' instead of giving those precipitate orders which had produced such lamentable effects ? It could not be seriously urged that Spain meant any thing hostile to this country . Her internal and political situation refuted the idea . Spain , almost verging to political dissolution , wasted by pestilence , and scourged by a devouring famine , could entertain no idea of hostility against a country with which it has so many powerful ties of interest . The very ports where the preparations were stated to be , tended to shew that no hostilities on a great scale were intended . Was it credible that at Carthagena , where thousands were expiring of a pestilential and loathsome disease , there were any views of a hostile nature entertained ? Mr. Duff 's reports in July and Aug. likewise shewed that there were at Cadiz no preparations of a formidable description . The ships were in general old and crazy , and the arsenals were destitute of stores of all sorts . There was no wood but the country pine , and no contract had been formed for procuring supplies from the Baltic . Without attaching any blame to admiral Cochrane , for whom he thought the highest respect ought to be entertained , he could not help saying , that top much stress had been , without inquiry , laid on his statements . The feelings of nature , as veil as the habits of his profession , might have led him to give too highly coloured a picture of the state of the naval preparations in Spain . There was an officer in 396 the house , the captain of the Malta , whose opinion he should have wished produced on the present occasion . That officer had been on the Ferrol station , and could give very important information to the house . At all events the matter was one very fit to be inquired into . But had ministers made such an inquiry previous to the issuing of orders for seizing the Spanish frigates ? They certainly had not ; nay , he was not quite sure that even a cabinet council was convened on the business . He was almost inclined to think that lord Melville had taken on himself the responsibility of issuing the orders in question . Was this , he asked , a decent , honourable mode of proceeding ? Was it fair treatment to a nation , anxious for our friendship , and compelled to stoop under the rod of an unfeeling despot ? It was in vain that explanations were offered , and that assurances of neutrality were given by the Spanish govt . Indeed there was much of the appearance of a wish to come to a rupture . The abrupt and precipitate departure of Mr. Frere had very much of that appearance . In defence of the seizure of the Spanish frigates , it was described as a measure of precaution . This he denied , for it was a direct measure of war . While a dispute was pending betwixt two countries , they had both a right to take measures of precaution . If one nation ordered their army to be augmented , the other had a right to order a similar increase in its military establishment . If the one increased its navy , the other might be bound in prudence and policy to place its naval force on a more enlarged footing . If the Spaniards had preparations in their ports , we had a fair right to watch the motions of their ships , but we had no right to seize their ships , their persons , and their goods , without even an appearance of a declaration of war . It was an act uprincipled and atrocious in the highest degree