to prevent them.—Was the constitution to be stopped , and set a-going , in this manner ? When it was asked why this extraordinary power was called for , it was answered , not that there were disturbances in Ireland ; not that it was necessary the better to repel invasion ; but that there were committees of united Irishmen sitting at Paris , and that there were mischievous people in Ireland . But the question was not , what either of these descriptions of persons wished to do ; but what the others could do with them . None of those who spoke for the motion would give up the point of the general loyalty 317 of the people : all contended , that the great mass of the people were loyal , but that there were some michievous persons : and so there were here in England . But he would ask , whether the mischief that may be produced by these committees in Ireland , was such as to render it necessary to deprive all Ireland of the habeas corpus , the suspension of which may be followed with other measures of a still more odious nature ? And the only reason why this broad and unqualified power should be given was , that from the character of the person to whom it was to be entrusted , it was not likely to be abused . In a free country such as this was , and he hoped always would be , the introduction of arbitrary power ought to be guarded against with the strictest jealousy : vast and extraordinary powers ought not to be delegated merely because some mischievous persons were taken up , and the persons to whom the power was to be entrusted for the present were of a mild and moderate disposition . If the govt . was to be armed with extraordinary powers , which it was fit it should when the country wished it for its own security , it was necessary the danger should be of such an extent as to impress on every man 's mind the propriety of giving such powers . It should not be said , that no ground should be stated , lest there may be danger of discovering the sources from which the information was derived . The grounds which would justify the putting the country under martial law could not be of such a secret nature . The extent and magnitude of it must be such as to render it generally known . However , if any objection of this kind could be made with any propriety , it was obviated by the mode of inquiry which was proposed by the hon . bart . ( sir J . Newport . ) He recollected also that an hon . friend of his , if he would allow him to call him so ( Mr. Dillon ) , in moving the address to his maj. drew a very flattering picture of the tranquillity of Ireland . Was it not extraordinary , that without any thing having happened since to do away the effect of this picture , without any explanation to render the colouring of it less strong , the representative of the Irish govt . suddenly started up , and without assigning any reason , proposed to suspend the Brit . constitution in Ireland . He agreed with the hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport , ) that we ought to be most tender in granting extraordinary powers with respect to Ireland 318 and Scotland , not only as a power exercised at a distance from controul and inspection was more liable to be abused , but also because there was an obligation of honour and consciousness to be delicate in granting powers , the weight of which would fall exclusively on others , while they could not touch ourselves . The declarations of one or two gentlemen , however respectable , was not a ground on which the house ought to be satisfied of the necessity of a measure of this nature . A larger justification ought to be given for