notwithstanding , the noble viscount professed to dislike . There was another reason also which the noble viscount mentioned to justify his resistance to the motion , which struck his mind to be still more singular than the former ; namely , that although he considered the bill originally inefficient , and still retained the same opinion , yet that as parliament had acceded to it , it would not be respectful to parliament to repeal it so soon after its enactment , without affording it a farther trial . Now , instead of its being very respectful to parliament , to continue such a measure , so unproductive in men , and so unjust , if productive , in money , he should feel it to be quite the contrary , and a glaring mark of indifference to public security at this dan- 505 gerous crisis , to decline putting an end at once to that mischievous tampering with our military system , of which the bill under consideration formed a part . When this bill was originally introduced , it met the strongest opposition from some noble lords , who recommended a different plan , which , upon comparison , they contended to be infinitely superior . But what had become of that opinion now ? How came those noble lords to shut their mouths ? Why not come forward and submit their plan at present ? Did the change of situation produce a change of sentiment among those noble lords ? Certainly , if they thought a few months ago that the plan they supported was likely to be more productive of men than the measure to which the motion before the house referred , nothing had since occurred that could fairly account for their departure from that opinion . Their experience should rather serve to strengthen the preference they before appeared to give to their own plan . For although the bill to which they on the present occasion professed to feel so much indulgence , had had 8 months to operate , the important consequences that its authors and advocates promised , it was still confessedly unproductive . This confession the house had heard from the highest authority , and the fact to which that confession referred , the house must recollect to have been foretold by him , and several of the friends of the noble viscount , at the time the bill was proposed . They said that it would not be productive , and its advocates asserted the contrary , and very confidently too ; but yet they came forward this evening with a statement that gave a direct negative to these confident assertions . They admitted that the project which was to produce several battalions , as a nursery for the regular army , had in point of fact afforded comparatively nothing ; and yet when the repeal of such an act was proposed , the noble viscount said , `` no , retain it . '' This surely was rather strange . He did not , however , mean to charge the noble viscount with a desertion of principle . He hoped the noble viscount acted upon principle , as he trusted it would not be denied that be himself did in calling for the repeal of a bill , the original passing of which he had used his utmost endeavours to prevent , upon grounds that now turned out to be completely justified . Upon the same grounds he would , on the present 506 occasion , press upon the good sense of the house the justice and necessity of relieving the country from this burdensome , troublesome , and odious measure . `` But no , '' said the noble viscount , `` the bill has not a fair experiment until the penalties are enforced ; '' and yet , added the noble viscount , I do much disapprove of such penalties . In what a dilemma , then , did the noble viscount place himself . According to his opinion , the penalties ought not to be enforced . This opinion then held out an encouragement or