for what reason it was made , unless it was to convey troops more speedily and conveniently to the province of Biscay , in order to quell the rebellion then raging there . Here then , the hon . and learned gent , contended , was not only aright to declare war , but a good and sufficient cause of war also , for Spain had procured from you a neutrality , or forbearance , or an express stipulation and condition that she shall positively cease from all armaments , and that condition being once broken in upon , or infringed in any degree , you are in all respects completely justified in issuing the orders of Sept. for the seizure and detention of the Spanish frigates . The hon . and learned gent . went even further , and said that your causes of war were so palpable , that you would have been completely justified in issuing immediate orders for capture in the first instance , which of course includes 444 detention . He did not mean , however , that the measure should be absolute , provided the Spanish court would consent to give a proper satisfaction , and an assurance that it would hereafter scrupulously adhere to the conditions on which the neutrality or forbearance on our part was granted . The hon . and learned gent . fully defended the measure of seizing and detaining these frigates . Yet , he said , it was always intended by his maj. 's ministers as a measure of precaution , though our cause of war was so notorious , for in a few days after the order was issued for their detention , there was another issued for their restitution . Mr. Frere was desired not to consider this step as absolutely rendering it necessary to quit Madrid , but to try every means of convincing the Spanish govt . that we did not wish to break with them if we could possibly avoid it . The hon . and learned gent . insisted that we only wished to detain these frigates as a pledge or hostage till Spain should give us satisfaction on particular points . All the instructions given to the commanders and officers of our own ships clearly proved this ; and those commanders and officers had acted with the strictest attention to the orders they had so received . The utmost delicacy was used in the act of communicating those instructions to the captains and commanders of the Spanish frigates ; and , whatever melancholy circumstances have ensued were not owing to our officers , but to the obstinate determination on the part of the Spanish commanders , not to submit to the detention , though urged with every degree of humanity and respect ; that any lives had been lost , he allowed , was deeply to be regretted ; but , under all the circumstances , no blame could therefore be thrown with fairness and candour , because they had taken every precaution to guard against any such melancholy consequences . When the whole conduct of the Spanish govt . is impartially and coolly considered , it will be found that our minister had just cause to be alarmed . The treaty of St. Ildefonso itself was certainly an offensive one , and , as such , gave us a good cause of war in the first instance , even the first moment we found ourselves engaged in hostilities with France . He would , however , suppose , for the sake of argument , that the conduct of the court of Spain only entitled us to make a demand of explanation . Surely , if Spain acted with , due re- 445 gard to the treaty of neutrality or , forbearance , We would not be induced to suppose there was any thing in the treaty which the Spanish govt . wanted so carefully to conceal . But if she gives us reason to suppose that there is any thing concealed , we have an undoubted right to a communication of the terms of that treaty , in order to