Habeas Corpus Act in Great Britain as well as in Ireland ; and also to account for the alarm which I think must be universally excited by the opinions he has delivered in the course of this debate . If we are to be told , that although the people 327 of Ireland are as loyal as those of any county , in England , that because some persons in Ireland are alleged to be disaffected , we are , without any other reason , and without any previous examination of the nature and sufficiency of the grounds stated , to assent to the motion of the hon . bart . then I say , adieu to the security of British freedom ; adieu to that Habeas Corpus Act which is the proudest boast and noblest guard of the British constitution . If the right hon . gent . and those who act with him , seriously think that the grounds they urge are sufficient to warrant the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , when , I would request to know , I do n't mean as to date , but under what circumstances is that important privilege to be restored ? Upon looking over the history of this act , I find that when , in former instances , it was thought necessary to suspend its operation , that suspension was but of very short duration . In the reign of Queen Anne it was suspended twice ; and during the reign of the two first branches of the House of Brunswick , it was suspended more than once . I find that from the Revolution down to the treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle , this important privilege was not withdrawn from the British people so often as it has been during a very few years of the administration of the right hon . gent . And yet during the period that intervened , the country was frequently engaged in war —frequently threatened with invasion , and was much disturbed by disaffection also : a disaffection which sprung not from Jacobins , but Jacobites . The latter party , I must observe , was quite as resolute and enterprising as the former , and much stronger in numbers , influence , property and power.—What a material difference does this reflection manifest between the character and views of the right hon . gent . and that of any minister who preceded him ! The right hon . gent . contends that notoriety is a sufficient ground for parliament to proceed upon , without instituting a committee of inquiry . He has so contended on other occasions . But did he and others who thought with him , argue that what they called the notoriety of disaffection , at the commencement of the last war , was an adequate ground to induce parliament to agree to a measure of the same nature as the present ? No . And though that notoriety was generally asserted by the right hon . gent . and his friends , and by none , perhaps , more than by my right 328 hon . friend— ( and I mention , that for the purpose of defending him against the observations just made by the right hon . gent . ) although the notoriety was such as was said to be obvious in the public streets , yet ministers did not attempt to apply to parliament for a suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act without instituting a committee of inquiry to examine and report upon the information which govt . possessed . That committee made a report to the house , and upon that report the proposals for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act was grounded . This was the course of proceeding which my right hon . friend supported , and this is the course which he recommends now . Can it be said , then , with any degree of fairness , that the least degree of inconsistency is attributable to him for opposing a motion of such importance as the present , which is ushered into the house by the mere statement of