Has it done so ? Has it produced the promised and desired augmentation ? No ! And if there be any increase upon the whole , it is not the right hon . gent but it is his predecessor , who has the right to claim the merit . It is he who was at the head of that `` wretched , incapable , nauseous , milk-and-water administration , '' with whose laurels the right hon . gent , attempts to adorn himself . I must therefore say , that gentlemen should be inclined to retract those severe and taunting expressions against the late administration , on a comparison of their merits with those of the present ministers . I know it was said , that let those ministers go when they would , worse could not follow . Some others , as well as myself , were of a different opinion . We thought that worse could follow , and we think now that worse have followed them . We may now presume to think , that we were then in the right . We said , infinitely worse may succeed them , who will perform their promises much worse , And keep far less good faith with this house and with the country . By what means have they raised the increase of 4000 horse , but by the raising of men for rank ? Did the present ministers introduce that ? No ! And the same remark holds good as to the foreign corps . Whatever merit , therefore , is ascribable to any person for the augmentation of our military force , is not at all owing to the right hon . gent . or his boasted bill , but it is owing to the noble lord now at the head of his majesty 's councils . Perhaps I have made a mistake . I mean the noble lord , now president of the 732 council . I do n't know whether he is at the head of his majesty 's councils or not ; that might be a mistake ; I do n't enquire into that matter . It is not now of material consequence , whether he is so , or is not . But I do say , that if any thing has been done to enable the right hon . gent . to make any grand exploit , any attack on the enemy 's possessions , the merit is not due to him , but to lord Sidmouth.—Whatever returns may appear from the right hon . gent 's . own bill , they can have no effect . But it is most ludicrously clear that his bill has failed , completely failed ! And sir , what does appear ? Why , it appears that the 52 counties of England and Wales have jointly , under the operation of this formidable additional force act , produced 1,295 men ; that out of this number there have deserted , or have been discharged , 266 men , leaving 1,079 effective soldiers ; and it further appears , that out of this number raised throughout all England , by the most extraordinary means ; by all those grand efforts , of which we have heard so much ; by local influence and attachments ; by sympathetic feelings , and a thousand other operations , assisted and enforced by justices and churchwardens , and all descriptions of parish officers , I suppose not less than 40,000 men altogether , there have been procured no more than 342 men to enter for general service ; that is to say , the right hon . gent . has , with all his machinery , been enabled to raise after the rate of four men and a quarter for each county in Englandœ In Scotland , it seems , 267 men have been procured , out of which 43 have gone for general service . In Ireland , where the parish officers alone have done this business , they have got 1081 ; but there , sir , the zeal has stopped . I do not find that