of his demerits under his administration of 759 the admiralty , I have no desire to bring forward any charge against him when out of office . The hon . gent , challenges me to support my charge , and triumphantly alleges I have given up the inquiry . Now I put it to this house , whether it is mean in me to resist the invitation of instituting an inquiry into that subject ? Whether I have not a right to consider whether the public service would derive any benefit at this moment by such an inquiry ? I have no desire to do so . It is not for me to blink the subject ; but I do decline at this time to press an inquiry , because I think that no real benefit will result to the public from it . I have no desire to bring forward any thing that is personal against any person connected with the late board of admiralty , and least of all against him , whose former merits in the naval service can not in my mind be easily cancelled by his demerits in the civil administration of its government . As to the present state of the naval defence , I shall not now enter on the subject ; but content myself with saying , that when the regular inquiry is moved for , I am ready to meet it . I know that the greatest professional men in the kingdom have been consulted , and every thing has been done which they recommended . The hon . gent , talks of a few ships unfit for use , purchased by govt . but has he taken the trouble to gain accurate information on the subject ? Has he endeavoured to make himself acquainted with the activity exerted by the board of admiralty to repair old ships , to lay down new , and to expedite every part of the naval department ? —The hon . gent , seldom condescends to favour us with a display of his extraordinary powers of imagination and of fancy ; but when he does come forward , we are prepared for a grand performance . No subject comes amiss to him , however remote from the question before the house . All that his fancy suggests at the moment , or that he has collected from others ; all that he can utter in the ebullition of the moment ; all that he has slept on and matured , are combined and produced for our entertainment . All his hoarded repartees , all his matured jests , the full contents of his common place book , all his severe invectives , all his bold hardy assertions he collects into one mass , which he kindles into a blaze of eloquence , and out it comes altogether , whether it has any relation to the subject in debate or not . Thus it is , with his usual felicity , that the hon . gent . 760 finds a new argument for the repeal of the present bill , because the house and the country has less confidence in the present than even in the late ministers . On this point , too , I shall say but a few words . If the hon . gent really thinks ministers unworthy of the confidence of parliament , he has means of founding a motion for some proceedings on this subject ; but let me conjure the house , whatever they may think of me , not to wound the public service by repealing this bill merely by doing so to injure the minister . Whether I possess the confidence of the parliament or the country or not , certainly this is not the mode of determining it . But , sir , it is rather whimsical , that at the very moment the hon . gent , is saying that I do not now possess the confidence of the parliament and the country , be is paying me an involuntary compliment , by owning that at least I formerly enjoyed that confidence . It is