, that in agreeing to the address , I do not mean to admit the respectability of the state of our army , whenever that shall become the subject of discussion . —My Lords ; I feel proper to trouble your lordships with a few observations , in consequence of a part of what has fallen from the noble earl . There never existed an occasion on which general unanimity could be more justifiably called for on the part of his Majesty 's govt . than in the present moment . Upon the general sentiment , with respect to the leading topic in the communication from the throne , I trust no Englishman can entertain but one opinion . No doubt can exist as to the incumbent duty of using every exertion , under the present circumstances , to support the honour of his Majesty 's crown , and the dignity of the country at large , in carrying on with vigour the important contest in which we are engaged , in order to bring it to an honourable and prosperous issue ; such an issue as shall be consistent with the honour and dignity of this country , and the interests of these powers of Europe with whom we are connected by amity and good faith . Under such considerations alone can peace be deemed desirable , and whenever it can be secured upon such grounds , sensible I am , that it will be cheerfully embraced by his Majesty 's govt . By too great an extent of concession , and by discovering too great an eagerness for negotiation , I fear it was , that we fell into the snare which led to the present war.— The noble earl has particularly touched upon two points , though not , as I understood him , with a view of opposing the address . The first related to the question of the war with Spain , which the noble earl seems to think would have been unnecessary , were it not for some apprehensions which had fell from the noble mover of the address . In these , however , I imagine , that the noble lord must have been misunderstood , because he did not say any thing that implied a wish that the house should be committed beyond the simple specification in the address . We must , as the royal communication informs us , have the manifesto and the other official documents before us , ere we can properly give 14 any opinion upon the subject . His Majesty trusts that these papers will be duly-considered ; and all that is proposed by the address is to say , that your lordship will consider the subject , coupled with an assurance that we are willing to support the dignity of the crown , and the interests of his Majesty 's subjects . I heard nothing that fell from either of the noble lords which went to justify the inference of the noble earl . With the latter , however , I agree , that the subject should be considered in its various bearings of justice and policy ; and though a particular line of conduct , if adopted by his Majesty 's govt . may be fully warranted by the justice of the case , still , under the existing circumstances , it might not have been politic , and , in the former view , the question of war might have been brought to a short issue . When this important question comes to be discussed , I shall give my opinion as to the policy of entering into hostilities at the period to which I allude , and this I shall found upon the circumstances and facts of the case . There is , I admit , a third point of view , independent of both the former , in which the question may be considered , viz . how far , in the progress of the affair , the conduct of ministers may have been inconsistent with the honour of his Majesty 's crown , or militate against that character for generous liberality