c. by enlistments for general service . Afterwards , the bill becomes somewhat moderate , and promises to supply substitutes only for 9,000 men each year , which is the estimated amount of enlistment for general service , and the substitutes are not to exceed that number . But the most curious part of this curious bill is , that the parish officers are restrained from procuring men beyond a certain distance from their respective parishes , while the regular recruiting officer , who is to provide the men in case the parishes fail , is at liberty to procure those men wherever he can get them . Another sin- 737 gular thing in the act is , that it is not specified what bounty the parish officers shall be permitted to give , whether one pound or ten . This was left at the discretion of government , and therefore mi , misters may , if they please to render this tax productive , levy the penalties of 201. or 401 , according to their pleasure . But it is impossible these penalties can ever be levied , for all the parishes in England are the delinquents . This defect in the bill I have just alluded to , was , I recollect , corrected in the bill for Ireland , for in that the bounty was limited to two thirds of the amount of the bounty settled for the regular army . Now , it is clear and manifest the house were told that it was a bill to raise men , yet it is calculated to raise a considerable sum of money . It is ridiculous to say that when you have levied the 20l . the bill will go to raise men . What do we know , or what do we care , whether it was to raise men or not , after the fines have been levied . The application of the money has nothing to do with the principle of the tax . You may apply the money to raise men , if you chuse , but that will not reconcile us to the tax , which is clearly a tax on the landed property of the country , and a most atrocious act of injustice.—Sir , I have already observed , that in the opinion of some persons it seems as if there were something of a very peculiar nature in the present administration that gave them a title to an unbounded confidence from this house , and from the country , that no act of theirs should be marked with reprehension , and that we ought not to feel the same suspicions at the failure of their plans , as we ought to have done respecting the conduct and measures of the late silly , imbecile , insignificant ministers . Now , in what consists all this boasted improvement , and where are the merits of this great change ? A change has been made , it is true . Many gentlemen expressed their desire , at this crisis of the affairs of the nation , to see an administration founded on a broad and comprehensive basis , combining all the great talents , genius , and experience , of the great public characters of this country . It was not only the wish of parliament , but it was , I believe , the wish , hope , and expectation of almost very man in the kingdom . I give to my right hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Canning ) full credit for his sincerity in the wishes he expressed for the promotion of this great 738 object . But if I do not give an equal degree of credit to the motives and conduct of others , it may be because I have not had the same opportunity of knowing how to estimate and approve their characters , habits , and principles . I believe he acted with sincerity , and felt his disappointment with regret . I suppose the right hon . gent . the present chancellor of the exchequer , found the administration too strong .