slavery ; and if they took it by force , it would be done in a manner very different from that in which those who were their present masters could wish . And here he did not wish to avoid that part of the subject on , which the opponents of the abolition dwelt so much ; he meant the eventual emancipation of the negroes in the West Indies . He had never concealed that his hope was 673 that such might be the ultimate effect of the abolition of the African importations but that was a period , the distance of which ha had never attempted to calculate , although his opponents had charged him with having it immediately in view . Had that been his object , or even his hope , he should deserve the word humane to be added to his views ; but a shorter one , and that was the word mad , ought to be applied to his object ; but although he felt that the immediate emancipation of the negroes in the West Indies could not be expected , for that before they could be fit to receive freedom it would be madness to attempt to give it to them , yet he owned he looked forwards , and so he hoped did many others , to the time when the negroes in the West Indies should have the full enjoyment of a free , moral , industrious , and happy peasantry . Nothing was to be expected from the colonial government : and in the open confession the assembly had made , it had dealt fairly with the house . As far as regarded that institution , no co-operation was to be expected , but this disgraceful traffic was to proceed as long as the patience of parliament , and he would add , the mysterious ways of Providence , would permit its continuance . Let , then , said the hon . gent . the house pause , and contemplate its present duties ; the opportunity now offered may never return , and if the present moment be neglected , events may occur which will render the whole of the West India islands one general scene of devastation and horror . The storm is fast gathering ; every instant it becomes blacker and blacker . Even now I know not whether it be not too late to avert the impending evil , but of this I am quite sure—that we have no time to lose . said , he was not going to delay the discussion for a moment , but there was a point which he could wish to have clearly explained ; he came to the house under a conviction that goverment had entered into a contract with certain West India merchants , for a number of slaves to be purchased at a stated price , and to be furnished at a certain time ; the number 5000 , and the time , December . His right hon . relation said that no contract had been entered into for soldiers to that amount . But since he had heard that explanation , he had made enquiry , and he understood the matter to be thus , ( if not true , his right hon . relation would inform 674 him ) that government had stated to West India merchants , that if they produced , by a certain time , 5000 black men , 2000 of whom were actually contracted for , government would pay from 501 to 60l.a man for them . He wished to know if that was an agreement which government had entered into with the West India merchants , for it was said they were to be taken up as soldiers in a black corps , not produced as slaves ; and that in virtue of that agreement , a merchant at Liverpool was now fitting out a ship for the purpose of fulfilling that agreement . said he knew nothing of the transaction to which the noble lord alluded—The question being called for , the house divided upon the amendment of General Gascoyne