his opinion , he begged to repeat some of the reasons and sentiments that had been advanced by the noble Earl near him . If he had abandoned any sentiments advanced '' on any public measure , then the anticipated charge of the noble earl who had just sat down might apply . But as he bad ever , regulated his public conduct by 496 the dictates of his conscience , and he owed it to the approving sense of conscious integrity that he always acted steadily , He begged leave to advert to the circumstance * under which this bill had been introduced into the other house . At that period a bill for suspending the operation of the Army of Reserve Act had arrived at its last stage in its progress through that house . A change of administration then took place , when the present measure was submitted to parliament , coupled with other military measures , which had been opened by his right hon . friend the then secretary of state . As to the opinion he then entertained of the efficiency of the measure , it remained still unaltered ; and all that had occurred during its operation , only strengthened him in that opinion . He had been of opinion , that there was a better mode of attaining the military object which the bill professed ; but if that military object could be attained by other modes , the necessity of raising the force would do away every objection . He was confident of its not being disputed , that no step ought to be taken to repeal this measure before it should be ascertained whether it would be successful or not . Here again he had no hesitation in declaring his expectation not so sanguine as that of his noble friend . He was sorry that parliament , by agreeing to the measure , had placed itself in such a situation . The bill he had originally disapproved of , and he disapproved of it still . But could it be said , that the experience of its operation was such as to warrant a conclusion that it had failed ? The number proposed had not been raised ; but the question now was , whether it had failed to such a degree as would justify parliament in repealing it ? He was sorry parliament had agreed to that part of it which imposed an onorous penalty ; but without some compulsory power there would be no efficiency . If the penalty should be incurred , and the man should be produced before it was levied , three-fourth * of the penalty would be remitted . No judgment could therefore be formed of the bill until the penalties should come to belevied . It had , last session , been deemed expedient to remit the penalties for the army of reserve . If this bill should fail , and he was not very sanguine as to its success , he was sure that the framers of the bill and parliament would not continue it by raising a heavy tax for recruiting . Measures of importance had been taken 497 for carrying the bill into effect , and much expence incurred for officers for receiving recruits . He agreed with his noble friend , that the support of this measure would come with a very ill grace from those who supported the late army of reserve act , if they had not brought forward a measure , whilst members of administration , for the suspension of that army of reserve act . A very considerable reduction had taken place in the militia under the operation of this measure . He was one of those who objected to any reduction of the militia . He was one of those who , upon constitutional grounds , thought that the militia should bear a large proportion to the regular army . But he now found there was a better reason for the reduction , the militia establishment having a deficiency of 500 officers , notwithstanding the measure that had been resorted to for allowing half-pay officers