not always move for peace . This is true , because it is not an easy matter to repeal a war like an act of parliament ; and when a war is once commenced , it is not practicable at any moment to obtain a peace , nor may it be prudent to move for it . But surely this case has no analogy whatever to an act of parliament which experience has condemned ; a measure which , professing to raise men , imposes only an oppressive and un- 775 equal tax on the community . Can any man doubt of its failure ? Suppose the right hon . gent . opposite to me were to come forward in his official situation , and propose and recommend , with all his powers of persuasion , a tax to the house , which he should state as likely to produce two millions , and which in the sequel should only be productive to the amount of a twentieth part of that sum , what would the house , and what would the public think of him ? Would not those who originally opposed this tax , who forewarned him , and who foretold him that it would be inefficient , would they not , I say , feel themselves bound to move for the repeal of it ? It has been insinuated by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that on the division on the motion of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) the other night , we retired into the lobby rather reluctantly and sulkily . For myself I can assure the right hon . gent . that I quilted the house with no feelings of that sort ; but when it is considered , that I had the honour to submit a similar motion last session to the house , in which I had the concurrence of upwards of 200 members , and that this year the number is under 100 ; when it is considered , that that right hon . gent . by whom I am so little in the habit of being supported , and of whose support , therefore , I am covetous , did on that occasion vote for my motion , and that without any change in our situation , except this identical bill , he on that night voted against a motion precisely similar , it would not have been very surprising if some degree of chagrin on this side of the house had been discovered.—It has been objected by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bragge Bathurst ) intimately connected with the head of the last administration , that there are material differences of opinion with respect to the military system fit to be adopted among gentlemen with whom I have the satisfaction to act . The members of the junction or coalition on this side of the house may possibly differ on some trifling particulars ; for instance , I and my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) do , as it happens , entertain rather different sentiments from my hon . friend the mover of the question , respecting the volunteers . Yet , surely , these differences of opinion with regard to the volunteer system , are not now for the first time announced ; and last year , though fully as great as now , they formed no objection to the right hon . 776 gent . the present chancellor of the exchequer 's voting along with persons so differing , for a committee of the whole house to consider of the military defence of the country . Those differences , indeed , it has never been attempted to disguise . I suspect , however , that the coalition on the other side will never be arraigned for any such difference of opinion . On the contrary , when I consider the circumstances under which it was effected , the time at which it took place , and the purposes for which it was brought about , I have no doubt that both sides will