supplied , and it was for this purpose that he had prepared the motions which he had prepared the motions which he now held in his hand . When our govt . received the first information of the pecuniary succours afforded by Spain to France , it must have been productive of minute instructions to our ambassador at Madrid , and of considerable discussions with the Spanish govt . His first motion , 150 therefore , was , for `` copies or extracts of all letters from his maj. 's minister at the court of Madrid , relating to the demands made for succours by France to Spain in July 1803 , with the instructions sent to the said minister thereupon , and an account of all the discussions which took place on that subject with the Spanish govt . '' To Mr. Frere 's note of the 9th Sept. 1803 , addressed to the Spanish minister , and complaining of the passage of 1500 Trench artillery-men through Spain , no answer appeared ; in all probability , some answer must have been received ; indeed , lord Hawkesbury , in a subsequent letter , adverts to this subject in such a manner , as to prove that no answer had been received , he should therefore move for `` a copy or extract of any answer given by the court of Madrid to Mr. Frere 's . note of the 9th Sept. 1803 , respecting the passage of a body of artillery-men and marines through Spain to reinforce the French fleet at Ferrol ; and also , an account of all explanations which may have taken place with the Spanish govt . and of all assurances received from the same , respecting the passage of French troops or seamen in general , since the commencement of the war with France . '' There now appeared a vacuum in the correspondence of upwards of 3 months . It was impossible but that , during this long period , a great deal of interesting and important correspondence must have passed between our court and that of Spain , more especially with regard to the pecuniary succours afforded to France by the govt . of Madrid , he should , therefore , move for `` copies or extracts of all letters from Mr. Frere to our court , between the 12th Sept. and the 27th Dec. 1803 , relative to the money paid by the Spanish govt . for the use of France , together with copies or extracts of the instructions sent to the said minister I thereupon . '' In lord Hawkesbury 's letter of the 21st Jan. 1804 , reference was again I made to the pecuniary succours which France had received from Spain . On this subject he thought we ought to receive the ; most ample and satisfactory explanation . He would , therefore , move , for `` copies or extracts of all correspondence explanatory of the pecuniary succours from Spain to France , alluded to in lord Hawkesbury 's f letter to Mr. Frere , dated Jan. 21 , 1801 . '' In the course of the correspondence between our ambassador and M. Cevallos , allusions were frequently made to a con- 151 vention between England and Spain . Of every thing relative to this convention , it one did exist , we ought to be most fully and minutely informed ; his next motion , therefore , should be for `` a copy of any convention , contract , or agreement , which may have been entered into between G. Brit , and Spain , respecting the neutrality to be observed by the latter power during the present war with France . '' Another long interval now appeared in the correspondence . From the 21st Jan. 1804 , to the 22d May , 1804 , not a single letter or a. single instruction from our govt . to Mr. Frere was to be found . To fill up this hiatus , he would move for `` copies or extracts of all correspondence that had passed between Mr. Frere and lord Hawkesbury from the 21st