the apprehention of being overrun by the French troops , that rendered every act of the Spanish court absolutely dependent . Formerly , there might have been a presumption of a hostile mind . Now , there was not the least room for such a suspicion . It was ridiculous to think of Spain wishing now to share in the conquests of France , or the glories of her chief . The events which had lately happened in Europe , must , he hoped , have cured the inferior states of this triad ambition . But as ministers must have foreseen the probability of a rupture , as they were apprised of the arrangement of Spain to ward off this calamity by a subsidy to France , the question arose out of the extent of this pecuniary sacrifice . Now , it was saying nothing , to say that its amount was larger than the amount of the contingent , because Spain being forcea to have recourse to this expedient , could not prevent this result from taking place . It was well known that the person commuting a contingent for a sum of money , was , to a 453 certain degree , at the mercy of him by whom the commutation is to be received . This was precisely the situation of Spain , but Spain could not in justice he blamed for a circumstance necessarily arising out of her dependant situation.—The hon . gent . after again expressing his indignation at the idea of keeping back grounds of offence , went on to comment on the agreement of the 28th of Jan. and confirmed by another letter of the 18th of Feb. by which the payment of the subsidy to France was acquiesced in as a temporary expedient . It was true that Mr. Frere thought proper to deny that there was any agreement , and though it is positively referred to in M. Cevallo 's letters , he says his only reason for not protesting against its existence was , that no part of his conversation countenanced the idea . But , surely , this was a curious reason , that Mr. Frere , because he found M. Cevallos labouring under an error , would take no trouble in correcting the mistake . M. Cevallos continues to believe in the existence of the agreement . M. d'Anduaga expressly mentions its existence to lord Hawkesbury , and his lordship never drops a hint of there being no such arrangement . Was it fair , he asked , betwixt man that such an agreement should have been understood to be in existence for a number of months , that the Spanish court should have uniformly acted on it , and that when it suited our Ministers it should be denied ? M. Cevallos , in his letters , asserts the existence of the agreement , and explains the two conditions on which it is to continue in force . As to the sale of prizes in the Spanish ports , there were no difference of opinion . The order respecting arnaments was also acceded to , though certainly M. Cevallos contends , and not without great reason , that the armaments should refer to such as were meant to succour France , or to act hostilely against this country.—Here the hon . member argued on the state of the enemy 's preparation , which never could have excited serious apprehensions . The armaments at Ferrol were quite inconsiderable . They never exceeded three sail of the line , only half manned . They were sufficiently fitted to convey troops to Biscay , and however absurd it might be represented , even Mr. Frere himself , who was not the most disposed to put a favourable construction on the views of the court of Spain , allowed that 454 this was their destination . The orders for sailing from the outer to the inner harbour , were given on the 7th of Sept. and on the l6th they were again ordered to be laid up in ordinary . Here , then , only 9 days elapsed before every source