astonish those in favour of the measure , as much as those who opposed it . It would be as well , when the hon . gent . should again be disposed to indulge the house with the recital of such a catalogue , if he would 533 take the opportunity of telling us why , at the time the mover of the address , in answer to his majesty 's speech , gave a flourishing representation of the tranquillity of Ireland , he did not stop him , and set him right , and prevent the house from carrying a false statement to the foot of the throne . If the hon . gent . was so full to the mouth with outrages and enormities , he should not have sat silent on an occasion like that , and now for the first time , astonish the house with the production of this bead roll of iniquities . If half what the hon . gent . had stated , was true , his majesty 's ministers were most negligent in suffering his majesty to take leave of his parliament at the close of the last session , or to meet it at the commencement of this , without saying one word on the subject ; and in allowing the parliament to go to the throne , with an address so little apposite . If no evidence could be had , at least a message from his majesty might have laid a parliamentary ground for the discussion . in explanation said , he allowed the loyalty of the north , but disaffection existed in the south . The lower class of the people were ready to rise at any time the appearance of a French force presented the opportunity , and it was necessary to keep them down with a strong hand ; he did not mean to asperse the catholic gentlemen , who were good , loyal , and faithful subjects , but a low multitude , headed by as low and ill educated a clergy . said , he had not denied the right of the English gentlemen to interfere in the concerns of Ireland ; he had said no such thing . He only contended , that he was better acquainted with the state of Ireland . said , that was the obvious deduction from the hon . gent . 's arguments , lie did not wish to give the house so bad an entertainment as a discussion between two gentlemen , as to the fact in what had so recently occurred ; but he believed he was in the recollection of the house , when he described the hon . gent . as representing that the English members had not the same regard for Ireland that he had . If he was wrong , the house would correct him ; and he was the more particular as to the expression , as he would draw this line of distinction upon it , that if all members , from all parts of the empire , had not the same regard for every part , they were not fit to sit together . lamented that the li- 534 berty of speech , which was the first privilege of the house , had been so much abused and degraded by the utterance of things which every man ought to lament having heard . The mover of the bill must certainly know that the non-renewal of the suspension would have been less mischievous than the language which had been uttered this night . Never was any language more unfounded or unjustifiable , or more inconsistent with a sincere wish for the integrity and unanimity of the empire , which representation could not fail to embitter the minds of a people agitated and divided in consequence of the bad system by which they had been governed for centuries . He voted for the original motion . But he was of opinion that the union would be of little benefit , if it was not followed up with other marks of attention to Ireland than continued suspensions of the Habeas Corpus Act