, under such circumstances particularly , endeavour to promote discord . Rather to conciliate unanimity , than to inflame differences ; rather to bury than to revive the recollection of former animosities , is at present peculiarly the duty of every honest man . What , then , should be thought of any man who would attempt to introduce the bane of discord into the councils of his majesty , in order to thwart the wishes of the country—in order to form a cabinet upon the principle of personal exclusion ? This is a principle , my lords , of which I never can approve , be cause independently of its operation to prevent parliament and the people from enjoying the administration they desired , and which it was their particular interest . to have , it tends to establish a dangerous precedent , that would afford too much opportunity for the operation of private pique against the public interest . I for one , therefore , refused to connect myself with any arrangement that should sanction that 511 principle , and in my opinion , every man who accepted any office in that administration , is , according to the letter and spirit of the constitution , responsible for its character and construction , and the principle upon which it is founded . Having said so much as to the manner in which the present administration has been formed , I again repeat , that it is my wish to treat the question before the house rather on public than personal grounds . I do not mean to condemn any man , or arraign the motives which actuate his conduct . The few observations which I have thought it necessary to submit in justification of my own conduct , I hope the house will feel , were called for by the pointed manner in which I have been alluded to in the course of the discussion . said , that what he had to submit to their lordships should certainly be comprehended within a very narrow compass , for one expression of his noble friend who had lately sat down comprehended all he had to say . The noble lord spoke with great propriety when he said the military service of the country called for a-clear and decisive system of policy : that was his opinion also . It was extremely true that the exigency of the country was more than the former force of it was equal to , and this made govt . proceed on a larger scale , than they had formerly done with regard to its military strength ; but he was of opinion it would be better to adhere to one system until it had been fairly tried , rather than abolish it for the sake of making an experiment upon another . We had tried a large supplemental militia , and that was attended with the most salutary consequences ; but the important part of it was that of establishing a great defensive force , and then the measure was wise , upon consideration of the apprehension of invasion , and that we had no continental application for our military force ; we wanted only security at home , for which purpose we had thus a powerful army , and the beneficial effects of it were felt . Next to this came the Army of Reserve Act , for which he took no merit , for he was not in his majesty 's councils when it was brought forward , but without exception the Army of Reserve Act appeared to him to be one of the best means that could have been devised , and it proved the truth of the proposition , that men once introduced into military habits , either from the love of glory or 512 other motives , once become accustomed to military exertions might soon be brought forward to almost any extent to an unlimited service out of a limited one . Such was the effect of the army of reserve ; for out of 37,000 men raised under the army of reserve , which was a. limited