formal note to the Spanish court , to which he received no answer , on which the right hon . gent , had commented most severely . If this answer was so dissatisfactory , why did not lord Hawkesbury see M. ဟAnduaga and tell him so , and repeat to Mr. Frere his positive instructions ? In a note to Mr. Frere from M. Cevallos , dated the 2Sd March , 1804 , he adopts the language of Mr. Frere 's note of the 18th Feb. and intimates that the British govt . had recognized the neutrality of Spain on certain terms . In the dispatch from Mr. Frere to lord Hawkesbury of the 18th April , in which this note is inclosed , he says , `` as there is nothing `` in any note of mine which could be `` brought forward as a foundation for `` such a conclusion , I have not thought `` it worth while to enter any protest in `` answer to M. Cevallos 's insinuation , '' ( see page 91 . ) It certainly was Mr. Frere 's duty to protest against this assertion ; it was his duty , for the sake of his own credit , for the honour of his country , and for the security of Spain . The hon . gent . said , he could not express his indignation at his conduct , in not doing so in language sufficiently strong , to do justice to his feelings . If we recur , said he , to the course of proceedings between man and man , this doctrine will forcibly apply . I am at law with a man who does not , however , wish any longer to remain so , provided I grant him certain terms . I acquiesce . I am not to , molest him unless he violates those terms . Our disputes are to be adjusted amicably . But when I find him off his guard , his pre- 393 parations discontinued , council dispersed , witnesses , gone each his way , himself reposing in unsuspecting security , up I lift my arm , or violently wield the arm of the law , and crush the poor man to death . Is this honour ? Is this justice ? And yet much of such a complexion is the transaction with Spain . Mr. Frere had by his plighted pledge got Spain to disarm , but a principle is reserved , and now is acted upon , of going to war with Spain the moment it suited our convenience so to do . But to this remissness , which in this case attached to Mr. Frere , and during the whole of the negotiation to lord Hawkesbury , was to be attributed the war in which we were plunged , and the dishonour with which our national character was stained . In M. ဟAnduaga 's note , the terms on which it was imagined the British govt . would consent to the observance of neutrality were distinctly stated ; if to these terms lord Hawkesbury made no objection , the inference was clear that they were consented to . From Jan. 21 to the time lord Hawkesbury went out of office , no dispatches appeared . At that period a `` faction , '' as the noble lord called it , ( see vol . 2. p. 342 ) , combined ; the administration was amended much in the same way as bills were sometimes amended in that house , and to carry on the simile , he hoped that house would soon exercise the power of repealing it . Thus did Lord Hawkesbury remove without another word , retaining no doubt , in his dying moments the most pacific dispositions ; at least there did not exist a single line farther to disapprove of such a disposition , and it was probable that the old proverb , '' silence gives consent , '' was verified in this case . Then began lord Harrowby 's administration ; in the first part of which a similar remissness prevailed , which was