which the hon . gent , thinks them capable of being warped by . They are always serious and earnest in coming forward to expose their lives and fortunes in the just and necessary contest in which their country may be engaged , and when the constitution and liberty of the country are endangered . Such men can therefore never be actuated by mere pecuniary motives , or by paltry parochial considerations . While they no doubt wish to consult the com- 762 fort and convenience of the lower classes , their minds will also ascend to the times and circumstances in which they are or may be placed , and they undoubtedly will now feel the necessity of impressing a more military character upon the people , and they will as cheerfully concur in providing for what that necessity imposes . They will not look upon the present measure in the light of a pecuniary burden , but as a part of that system which is to contribute to that salutary end . Whenever the measure shall be found to operate as a pecuniary burden , I shall be the first to disclaim it , and to propose its repeal . But I am persuaded it will have no such effect ; but on the contrary , as the number raised by it will annually increase , the expence attending it will not fall on the parishes or individuals , but will be paid out of the public fund . Such are my views and hopes of its prospective effets ; and strongly impressed with these sentiments , I shall conclude , sir , with giving my decided negative to the motion made by the hon . gent . said , he could not help remarking , how very naturally arid willingly the fight hon . gent , had deviated from the subject before the house , and had made excursions from it to other topics with which it was by no means connected . The right hon . gent , had first endeavoured to point out diversities of opinion between him and his hon . friend who opened the debate , and then between him and himself , on former occasions . On the former of those supposed diversities of opinion , the right hon . gent , had remarked with such violence , as must have induced persons who had not heard the speech of his hon . friend who opened the business , to suppose that he had attempted to conceal that any such diversity Subsisted . Such , however , was well known to the house , and such had been particularly marked by his hon . friend this night in opening the debate . There was nothing inconsistent in his hon . friend , who thought a variety of force was not detrimental to the military service of the country , and in him who thought otherwise , agreeing , that there was nevertheless a necessity for going into a committee on the military defence of the country . It had been stated by him the other night , that the volunteers were not the force on which we ought at present to rely alone , and sin this opinion , he had reason to believe his hon . friend and he were not so much at variance as was generally imagined . That , however , 763 was a subject with which , like the former , they had nothing at present to do . They might like or might dislike the volunteer system ; but whatever was their opinion on that subject , it had nothing to do with the propriety of going into a committee to see what might be done more effectually for the defence of the country , or with their concurring in the repeal of the act now under discussion , as being essential to the enactment of a measure of greater efficiency . When fundamental points on which a diversity of opinion had been entertained by gentlemen in that house did not present themselves for consideration , it would be an act rather too hard to say