defence . This notice the committee was bound to give him before they could institute any proceedings against him . But according to the Grenville act the committee were under no necessity of deciding on the conduct of the returning officer ; this duty therefore became more particularly the province of the house . A good deal had been said of the analogy of the present case , with the proceedings usual in Courts of law . This analogy had been denied by a learned gent , opposite , who had referred them to the practice of the court of King 's Bench . He had only to remind him , however , that it was very usual in such courts , after verdict had been given to receive affidavits from the parties . There was such a thing as moving for a new trial and an arrest of judgment in those courts , which might be considered as proceedings somewhat analagous to the present question . The hon . and learned gent , concluded with professing himself adverse to the motion . begged leave to put the hon . gent , right in regard to the duty of the committee . The gentleman had said chat the committee was not bound to judge of the returning officer , that question not being before it in virtue of the Grenville act ; but had the hon . gent . had recourse to the votes of the house , he would have found that the petition of Mr. Mainwaring complained of the conduct of the sheriffs expressly , and that this petition , with the complaint , was referred to the committee . The conduct of the sheriffs , therefore , became the direct subject of the committee 's investigation.— The question being then called for , the gallery was cleared , no division , however , took place . Mr. Pitt 's motion was acceded to , and the order discharged accordingly . The first resolution of the committee was then agreed to , and the debate postponed till this day vwek , —Adjourned . said , it was his duty to explain to the house the nature of the amendment made by the lords , which was merely the insertion of the word `` tax '' after the word `` land , '' in one of the paragraphs . It had always , he said , been the usage of that house to regard with extreme vigilance any amendments made by the house of lords in any act in the nature of a money bill , and to reject , with the most scrupulous rigour , any amendment which tended to trench upon the exclusive privilege of that house , even in the slighest degree , by altering any part of the substance of 288 such bills . Trivial as an alteration might sometimes appear , yet it was of high importance to attend even to the most trifling ; for if any one instance should be admitted to pass , it might grow into a precedent , the consequences of which none could tell . In cases , however , where the alteration went merely to the correction of a clerical error , the house had not usually thought it necessary to reject the amendment . Of this description strictly was the present amendment thought even the present instance of too much importance to be allowed to pass . Had the insertion been of almost any other word than tax , the amendment might have passed as unobjectionable . said , it was his duty to explain to the hon . baronet that it had not been the usage of the house to reject amendments , not altering the substance of a money bill , but merely correcting a clerical error , which the present amendment only went to do , and that in a paragraph reciting a former act of parliament . Even in his own short experience , many instances had occurred wherein similar amendments had passed without objection . In the case , for instance , of annum per centum , when the word per