and a right reserved to go to war whenever convenience may require ! Is this compatible with the good faith and national honour that the right hon . gent . so frequently talks of ? If you once suspend , a cause of complaint , and do not at the 391 time make it a ground of immediate war , common justice and the law and practice of nations require that you must again bring that complaint under discussion be-.fore you declare war . Our ministers had assumed a great deal of generosity in their treatment of Spain , when , in fact , they had placed her in a situation worse than that of a hostile army in a truce . He called on gent , to say , whether this could be maintained ? If the right hon . gent . 's arguments did not go to establish the principle he had repeated , he did not know to what they aimed . These instructions produced a new negotiation at Madrid between Mr. Frere and M. Cevallos . In one of Mr. Frere 's dispatches , he laments the ignorance in which he is left by his court , and talks of the `` air of a superior information '' with which M. Cevallos addressed '' him , He sincerely sympathized in Mr. Frere 's feelings on this occasion , and most decidedly condemned the conduct of the administration that had placed him in so auk-ward a predicament by their culpable neglect . In an account of a conference that Mr. Frere had with M. Cevallos , as related in the dispatch of the 27th Dec. in answer to the demand of the Spanish minister , `` whether the affording the pecuniary succours to France would be considered as a ground of war , and whether he was authorised to declare it , '' he says , `` that he was so authorised , and that war would be the infallible consequence . '' Where did Mr , Frere get this determined tone ? Not in his instructions from lord Hawkesbury , for in them he is confined to `` protesting . '' It was very strange if he took it on himself to speak so decidedly without authority . Mr. Frere 's note of the 13th Dec. contained demands for explanation on two points , the subsidy to Spain , and the admission of French troops into Spain , with a view to the danger of Portugal . M. Cevallos 's answer states , that the pecuniary succours had been afforded to France , expressly to avoid hostilities with G. Britain ; and he , cites a conference M. ဟAnduaga had held with lord Hawkesbury , in which the English minister had not declared any objection to the furnishing of this equivalent . With regard to Portugal , he observes , that Spain had concerted measures for her security . Not satisfied with these explanations , Mr. Frere , on the 26th Dec. addressed a note to M. Cevallos , couched in terms of unaccountable boldness , in which he repeats his demands . In Mr. Frere 's 392 note of the 18th Feb. though he knew the subsidiary treaty of Spain with France was concluded in Sept. he couples it with the armaments , and demands an ultimatum on these subjects in the most decided language . In spite of the sophistry of the rt . hon . gent , who had endeavoured to shew that there was no agreement between G. Britain and Spain , recognizing the neutrality of the latter power , yet what is there that can constitute an agreement if this does not ? If in discussion you state certain conditions without which you will not agree , it is surely implied that if those conditions are not violated , the compact is formed . Now , in the conference that lord Hawkesbury had with M. ဟAnduaga , this was precisely the case.—In a subsequent dispatch Mr. Frere gives an account of two conversations with the prince of peace . He pressed several points which he afterwards made the subject of a