of such a measure , something more than mere light grounds should have been stated to justify such a proposition . The statement that an Irish committee was sitting in Paris , avowing hostile purposes for the invasion of Ireland , was surely not a sufficient reason for suspending the constitution throughout that country , and involving a whole nation under one disgraceful proscription , with a few suspected traitors ; for , if the mischief was really as extensive as the bill pretended , something more of explanation , and stronger grounds , ought to be submitted to Parliament , before their assent was called for to the continuance of so severe a measure . If the continuance of such a committee sitting at Paris was to operate as a justification for the continuance of such a law , we must look to no other limitation for its existence than the continuance of the war : for if the enemy should perceive that the appointment of such a committee at Paris was to operate as a cause for the perpetuation of a law that could not fail to wound and exasperate the national pride and feelings of the Irish people , and so far mould them to the purposes of discontent and disaffection , they might rest assured the enemy would be zealous to keep up that committee , and attach to it the utmost possible importance , if it were only to create a ground of alarm , distrust , and apprehension , towards Ireland , and thus to weaken the energies of both countries . He had been taught from his youth to estimate the benefits of the Habeas Corpus Act as the most invaluable part of the British constitution , and to think that it never ought to be suspended but upon the strongest grounds ; all he should now say was , that no such grounds had been shewn as yet . It was of the first importance , that the people of Ireland should be taught to feel that the Imperial parliament was as , tender of their privileges , and as vigilant with regard to their rights and liberties , as towards those of the people of England . He would say , that with respect to Ireland , or North Britain , they ought even to be greater than them with respect to Eng- 313 land ; and the granting such extraordinary powers in those parts of the empire ought to be most narrowly looked to , for great powers exercised at a great distance were more liable to be abused than when they were under the immediate inspection and controul of parliament . Instances had already been laid before the house of such powers being stretched , when the exercise of them was remote from examination . He therefore thought the house should not grant such powers when there was no ground laid . Nay , even the ground which was laid by the movers of the proposition was adverse to it . For when he looked back to the extraordinary circumstances with which the motion was introduced , he could not help thinking , that it was matter of doubt with the hon . gentlemen themselves whether the suspension should be renewed : First , above a week since notice had been given of the intention to move for the renewal . Two days after , this notice was expressly abandoned . He asked , why was the proposition of renewal first brought forward ? having been brought forward , why was it abandoned ? having been abandoned , why was it brought at all ? He asked whether a measure of this kind , which was to be justified only by unavoidable necessity , which was hostile and dangerous to the vital principles of the constitution , should , without sufficient cause , be put upon a country , the greater part of whose people was as veil affected to the govt . as the English themselves ? He conceived that this justification of so harsh a measure was particularly due to the people of Ulster , who were