will convey you 20 men to Windsor and back again in six hours . '' Suppose any of us were to be so foolish as to listen to this schemer , and to destroy all our old machines , expecting he would perform his promise . `` Well , '' says the projector , `` now get in twenty of your infantry , knapsacks , baggage , arms , accoutrements and all , I 'll bring you back in six hours , depend upon it . '' We believe him , and after waiting six hours we hear he is at Kensington . That 's something—we suppose he is coining back with the troops—no such thing—we find that he has got no further—in fact , that he has not travelled more than half a mile an hour . Why , what should we think if he was to say— '' O , but you must give me time , I have not had a fair trial ? '' Or suppose a man , seeing me using a blunderbuss , was to say to me— '' Take away that clumsy gun , you shall try mine with a fine hair trigger `` —I receive it from him—it misses fire— '' Never mind , '' says the man , `` give it time , keep it to your shoulder , it only hangs iire . `` — '' I do keep it to my shoulder , but still it wont go off . '' If it hung fire only for a moment or two , it might not signify much , but I should think I had been grossly imposed upon , if I had been persuaded to change my blunderbuss for a gun with a hair trigger that hung fire for six months . Really , sir , the mode of proceeding adopted by gentlemen opposite , upon this bill , is something like laughing at the house . They had better call it a tax bill at once , and defend it on that ground , though that was never professed to be its object . If it will not do for one thing , it may do for another . If it can not attain its intended object , it will serve for a different one . It is giving us what does not answer the purpose it professed . It is like giving a man a sword and a shield , the former of which is unfit for offence , and the latter for defence , and then consoling him , by saying , `` Never mind , your sword will make an excellent soup ladle , and your shield an admirable fish kettle . '' Now , it is just the . same thing with the right hon . gent . 's bill . It wo n't answer for recruiting the British army , but it may be a notable finance measure . But pray do not venture to say , that for all its professed ends , it has not 735 totally failed . My right hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Canning ) thought we were in such a state as entitled us to overlook this failure ; arid he wished us to see the increased state of our naval force . Now , I say , we have not added one man to the efficient force of the military department of our navy . I say , that in that point we are not equal to the state in which Earl St. Vincent , the late first lord of the Admiralty , left us . The force he left us , I assert , was superior to our present force , for the protection of our trade , and for the annoyance and chastisement of our enemies . If you examine impartially and carefully all this trash of 50 additional ships of war , you will find more than 30 of them old broken-down West-India vessels , and others of a similar description , bought in the river . One of them got to the Downs , but could not keep the sea any