thought that they warranted the declaration alluded to , he could not take upon him to say . begged it to be understood , that the declarations made by ministers this night , as to their belief of the non-existence of the papers called for , which had been denied to exist , and the motions for production of which had been withdrawn , should be afterwards taken as evidence , that those papers did not exist . said , from what he could understand , it must be held that Mr. Frere had added another to the instructions transmitted to him by govt . which should 258 be esteemed sufficient to put an end to the peace between the two countries , and that he had thus , of his own accord , and without any instructions to that effect , involved Spain and this country in war . said , he had not given , nor meant to give any such opinion , he had only conjectured that such might have been the conclusions drawn by Mr. Frere , from the instructions he had received , and from the tenor of the treaty between the two countries , by which it was declared that Brit . ships should enjoy all the privileges of the most favoured nation . How , far Mr. Frere , if he had judged in this manner , had argued logically , he was not at present called on , or entitled to judge . could not conceive that the words of the instructions , which he read , would warrant any man in drawing from them the result deduced by Mr. Frere . said , that on looking back to the answer or explanation given to the first motion , he could not conceive that it applied . The letter in which Mr. Frere stated his intention of applying for farther explanation , is dated the 5th March , and the letter in which it was now alleged , that the result of that information might have been communicated , is dated the 3d March , being two days preceding . explained , by saying , that all he meant was , that ministers had no later communication on the subject.—Adjourned . rose to call the attention of the house to a particular circumstance in the papers laid upon the table in consequence of a motion of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr . Windham . ) The numbers said to be recruited in a certain period were stated to he 503 . But 396 boys were also mentioned . He wished to know , from the sec . 259 at war , whether these 396 boys were an addition to the 503 , or were included in them ? said they were included in the 503. wished that the letter of service for the recruiting should be produced . said , that the letter of service was very long . He held an abstract of it in his hand , which , though not come from the war office , and , therefore , not strictly official , he intended to lay before the 'house . But if the hon . gent . wished for the whole of the letter of service , he should endeavour to get it ready as soon as possible . thought that the spirit of his hon . friend 's inquiry rendered it proper that the official and regular letter should be produced.—Agreed to . pursuant to his notice on a former day , rose , for the purpose of submitting to the house certain motions on the subject of the financial situation of Ireland . As he understood from a communication with the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Foster ) , that no objection would be made to the production of the papers for which he proposed to move , it would not be necessary for him to trespass long on the attention of the house . He should , therefore , barely state to the house the nature of the motions which it was his intention to propose ;