The experiment of the effect of these had been tried , and bad been found inefficient in producing the end in view . In proof of this , the noble earl stated , that in that district in which the personal influence of the right hon . author of the measure chiefly lay , only one out of the quota of five hundred men had been obtained . It was quite clear from the past , that nothing had been effected by the bill , and there was very little hope of much good resulting from it in future . Being a bill totally useless in the attainment of its object , and being attended with many oppressive circumstances , he should certainly vote for its repeal , Before he sat down , he only begged leave to say , that if our force was really so much increased as had been described , the merit of this augmentation belonged to the late administration , and not to his maj. 's present ministers , It was not therefore either fair 486 or just to claim the merit-of services in which others were solely interested . was anxious to know on what grounds ministers were desirous of resting the merits of the bill . He wished to understand whether they meant it as ; a bill for recruiting our army , or a bill for raising money . If they meant it as a bill for raising men , it was clear , from the returns on the table , that it had completely failed . Ministers then , by opposing its repeal , certainly now meant it to be considered as a bill for raising money . But it had been said by a noble lord opposite , that if the bill was repealed it would be necessary again to have recourse to the ballot . He , for his part , professed himself no friend to the ballot , but in proposing the repeal he was convinced that his noble friend merely meant to pave the way for a complete review and amendment of our whole military system , and the adoption of such arrangements as would necessarily preclude the appearance of the ballot for ever . The noble lord next wished to know whether the idea of enlisting men for a limited period was to be acted upon , and contended , that the experience derived from the army of-reserve act was a sufficient proof of the inadequacy of such a measure . This inference he could not for a moment admit . Because men were trepanned , as it were , from one service to another , this , was no proof that the system of enlisting for a limited period would not , if well arranged , be of infinite advantage . His lordship complained , that the failure of the bill in producing the quotas required must be felt highly oppressive in many parts of the country . In the county of Surry the fines for deficiencies amounted to upwards of 21,000l . On a calculation 25,000l . would amount to 1s . 6d . in the pound , imposing a burden on the landed interest greater than that which arose from the property tax . The right hon . author of the measure had , previous to his coming into power , talked of nothing but increasing the disposable force of the country . Not a moment was to be lost in gaining the object , and surely it was not asking too much from him to require that in his hands this object should be constantly and steadily pursued . Not a month was to elapse before the army was to be placed on that footing which the circumstances of the country required . But what had , ministers done since their accession to Office to effect this great object ? They had literally 487 done nothing . Instead of the recruiting of the regular army , their whole attention had been occupied with catamarans , or other equally futile experiments . While the concentration of the national force was totally neglected ,