them ; as without this revision , he could but ill discharge his duty . The indulgence of the house would be applied by him in the best manner he could to the convenience of the house itself , by concentrating all that was important in the facts of the case , in the precedents , and the law upon them , so as to take up as little time as possible in his statement.—The counsel having withdrawn ; said , that after what he had heard from the counsel , though he was not satisfied that the counsel had not heard something which it was not so proper for him to hear , he would not press the hearing of counsel this day , But after ail the delay this busi- 838 ness had experienced , he begged it to be understood that he made this concession on no other ground than that the proceedings should be fixed for the earliest day in the next week , and that whatever business stood for that day should give way to it . He trusted further , that gentlemen would come prepared to bring the matter to a final decision , as the hearing of counsel , now that the hearing of evidence was no longer insisted upon , would not take up so much time as to prevent the house from coming to a decision the same night . He would move that this debate be further adjourned till Monday , and that counsel be then heard . He trusted farther , that as no other business would stand for that day , the house would proceed to this matter at four o'clock.—The debate was accordingly adjourned till Monday.—djourned . appeared at the bar . The learned counsel began by expressing his thanks to the house for the indulgence shewn him on a former evening , by postponing the consideration of this subject , and thus affording him an opportunity of more satisfactorily preparing his mind for the discharge of the important duty which belonged to him . For this he was the more grateful , because he was thus enabled to do that which , notwithstanding the utmost solicitude for the interest of his clients , he felt it unnecessary to do before the committee , upon whose report the house was now called on to decide . Before he proceeded to shew that the resolutions of that committee were unfounded in law , and the justice of the case , and that they were not sustained by the evidence on the table , he took occasion to observe , that from the order made in pursuance of which he appeared at that bar , the resolutions were perfectly open for discussion . He also felt himself intitled to think , that the mind of the house was quite open upon the subject . If , then , he could make it appear that the committee had drawn conclusions from the evidence in charging the sheriffs with corruption , which that evidence did not warrant , and which were quite irreconcileable with all the probabilities arising out of the nature of the case and the character of the sheriffs , he had little doubt , that not only the mind of the house at large , but that of the illustrious persons of whom , the committee was composed , would be prompt to determine against the resolutions . In those resolutions he begged the house to observe , that the committee had not only exceeded the evidence , but the charges of the petitioners who originally complained of the conduct of the sheriffs . The petitioners complained of the sheriffs having acted unduly : but the committee resolved that they acted corruptly , and did , knowingly and wilfully , admit fictitious votes to be put upon 840 the poll ; that they acted in one instance ministerially and in another judicially , as it suited their corrupt views , to promote the election of sir F. Burdett . This farmed the substance of the 3 first of their 4 resolutions ; and if the basis of those