service , no less than 18,000 men were produced , whose services might be extended now to any part of the world . It was thought right , but he should not discuss whether right or wrong , to suspend that act , though he did not approve of that suspension . This other measure was brought forward , whether worse or better than the Army of Reserve Act , he should not discuss ; but this he would say , that he would not give up this bill without having some more light before him , or without assurances of some better measure being immediately adopted in its stead . It was a bill which noble lords said , had produced no effect , although they said we had had S months experience of it . We had not in truth had three mouths experience of it , either in Scotland or Ireland . He asked their lordships , whether upon so slight a trial they would part with a bill founded on the principle of the army of reserve bill , which had been so beneficial , until experience should justify them in so doing ? He apprehended they would not . The truth was , that this bill was produced when there was a great division of sentiment upon the subject in parliament , and that division necessarily pervaded different parts of the country , and from that cause the bill had been prevented from having a fair trial . Men 's opinions , passions , and prejudices , had had , a great effect in thwarting the object of the bill in different places where it had been endeavoured to be carried into execution . It was said that we must have recourse to recruiting of the army instead of that system ; but that had been already tried , and it was found not to answer the purpose , in point of dispatch , so well as this or some such measure ; and he knew the great understanding of his noble friend better than to think-that he would forego a measure of this kind without affording it a fair trial . He therefore hoped that , instead of repealing this bill , parliament would have recourse to some alterations and improvements of it . All he asked was a fair trial of the merits of the bill . He dissuaded their lordships from too harshly adopting a system of recruiting , for it would be very 513 difficult to suppress the inconveniences that Would follow it . But there was another point on which a considerable flow of language had been employed , which might have been well enough adverted to by an argumentative speech without ornament , neither was there any necessity for the acrimony which appeared in the speech of the noble lord to whom he alluded . It would be absurd to say , that difference of political sentiment was a thing that made men unfit for each others ' friendship , or that men could not be allowed to be acting for the good of their country , because they differed from others who were allowed to have that good at heart . It was one of the excellencies of our constitution , that men were naturally led to a difference of opinion in public ; it was the fruit of freedom of parliamentary debate ; this freedom necessarily produced divisions and acrimonious observations , and personal allusions , which generated a considerable degree of heat ; but , to say that those who thus may accidentally differ , can never act together for the benefit of their country , was going much too far in his opinion . Men might , from various causes , oppose each other for a long time ; might censure each other , speak of each other acrimoniously , but they might nevertheless , unite in one way of thinking , and act together ; but if it should happen that those who had been from their earliest years in habits of intimacy and cordial affection , acting together in public life , should