consideration ? —I can not state any particular day for laying the papers , to which the noble lord alludes , upon the table ; 22 but I am anxious for as early a day as is possible , because I am convinced they will be found perfectly satisfactory , that they will support every statement founded upon them , and make out a complete case for the govt . and the country . I am also anxious that there should be full time between the period of their being laid upon the table , and that for taking them into consideration . At the same time I must regret , that there should be any delay in removing the unfavourable impression , made upon the mind of the noble lord ; being convinced , that a perusal of them will effectually do away any unfavourable idea which he now entertains.—The question was then put by the lord chancellor , and carried nem . dis . rose and spoke to the following effect.—My lords ; I take this opportunity to remind your lordships of a business which I took the liberty of mentioning to your lordships in the course of the last session . I allude to the charge of misconduct which I have brought forward against Mr. Justice Fox , one of his . majesty 's judges in Ireland . It may be thought , perhaps , that there has been too great delay on my part for an affair of this nature . I can , however , safely say , that I am a man who never threw away an hour in my life which ought to have been devoted to any important business in which I was concerned , and of that description I consider the present to be . I can also pledge myself to your lordships ; that upon this occasion almost the whole of my time has been occupied in preparing the charges , and the evidence in support of them , for the purpose of laying them before the house . It is , therefore , with a degree of satisfaction , although I confess the subject is not one calculated to afford pleasure , I can now inform your lordships , that every inquiry which I have made , and every information which I have been able to collect , have served to confirm me in my original opinion upon this subject ; and that I have all the charges , and the evidence to support them , perfectly arranged and complete , except only one , and that is the least important of the whole . The form of the proceedings your lordships are to direct and determine , as you shall think proper . All that was necessary for me to do I have done , and am ready to lay the documents before the > house at a moment 's notice —I rise to inform the noble marquis who spoke last , and to inform this house , that I have received a fetter from Mr. Justice Fox , in which he declares himself perfectly ready and willing to hear and answer every charge that may or can be brought against him ; but however prepared he may be , it is his wish that the business should not be brought forward until after the ensuing term . His object in wishing for this delay , is obvious , as he will of course have to examine some of the judges and lawyers in his defence . To call upon them at a time that would interfere with their business , is an inconvenience which ought to be avoided , if possible . It would therefore be desirable if the . time were so arranged , that the witnesses might be examined here , in the interval between the close of the term and the ensuing assizes , so as to enable them to return home in time to attend their circuits . —My lords ; this is the first case of the kind , I believe , which has happened since the passing of the law ,