and learned gent . with all his research , could not produce , either from Bynkershook or any other writer upon whose authority he was prepared to pledge his own high character , a principle like this ; viz . that during a negociation you may commence hostilities without a declaration of war ; and yet that principle must be established , before you can be said satisfactorily to have justified the manner in which hostilities were in this instance commenced . There was an instance in our history which , in many respects , bore a striking resemblance to the case now under consideration ; he meant the attack of the Dutch Smyrna fleet by Holmes , in the time of Charles II . But , as that was one and not the least of many measures of infamy , for which the cabal of that day deserved and obtained the execrations of posterity , he presumed no well-constituted govt . would justify itself upon such a precedent . There , too , after the hostile blow was struck , certain grievances were discovered as affording a pretext for 413 that aggression—for pretences are never wanting where the stronger power seeks to oppress the weaker . Among other things was alleged a supposed indignity offered to the British flag by the Dutch fleet , through which a British yacht was sailing—a ground of complaint , by the way , which the wisdom of modern times has taken effectual care shall never exist again—how honourably to those who sacrificed this proud distinction , or how advantageously to the country he would not here stop to enquire . But , bad as that case was , it was in one respect not so bad as the case now before the house . No points in difference were at the time under discussion between the two countries , so that the Dutch were not deluded by a shew of negotiation when the attack was made . The recal of Temple , who they knew had too much honor to lend himself as an instrument of treachery to any government , and other circumstances , had warned them of a growing indisposition towards them in the British councils ; so that so far from being taken by surprize , they were prepared to encounter an enemy , and the treachery of the attack was in a great degree , and indeed almost altogether defeated . We had , indeed , in this case , the advantage of success , if that success can be counted an advantage which is obtained at the expence of national honour.—Before he quitted the subject of precedent , he could not help adverting to a paragraph in the declaration on the table , which he owned had not a little surprized him . It is stated that the arrival of the treasure ships is `` an event which has more than once in former times , become the epoch of the termination of discussions and of the commencement of hostility on the part of Spain . '' If because upon other occasions war has sometimes broken out soon after the arrival of the treasure ships from Spanish America , it be meant to be insinuated , that you have a right arbitrarily to intercept their treasure when it may suit your convenience pending a negotiation between the two courts , he denied the inference as utterly unfair and unjust . Indeed , the proposition was upon the most cursory view obviously untenable . If it were only intended to state , that , in point of fact , war had heretofore followed hard upon the arrival of the Spanish treasure , the remark was surely rather too uninteresting to deserve a place in so grave and solemn a state paper . But he had stated this act to be a 414 violation of the national faith implicitly , pledged . In support of this proposition , he contended it to be a general principle , that when a negotiation is opened between two states for any purpose , but above , all for the adjustment of differences ,