that he did consider it in that light , its existence was unquestionably a clear ground of war against Spain . The hon . and learned gent . had stated , that this treaty was still more hostile to this country than the Family Compact , as the succours stipulated were to be given without any right to ask for explanation , as to the grounds of the war in which they might happen to be employed . He was not quite sure that in the Family Compact there was an absolute clause to this effect , but certainly this peremptory power of demanding the succours had always been urged as one of the most powerful arguments against that treaty . However this might be , it was not very material to the present argument . But , though he coincided entirely with the hon . and learned gent . as to the right of this country to compel Spain to renounce the treaty1 of Ildefonso , or to declare hostilities against her , he took up his grand objection to the conduct of ministers , in not coming to an immediate explanation on the subject as soon as ever hostilities were renewed between this country and France . 450 Admitting our right to declare war , it became a question of policy whether some arrangement could not be formed by which the good understanding betwixt the two countries might be preserved . Such an arrangement , he confessed , appeared to him consistent with a liberal policy , and ministers appeared to have entertained a similar opinion . When war with France became inevitable , it was easy enough to foresee that Spain must , from her engagement with France , soon he brought into a disagreeable dilemma , and what he complained of was , that no steps were taken by ministers to make provision for the consequences . In the first letter of lord Hawkesbury , he found our minister at Madrid ordered to make the strictest inquiries respecting the views of the court of Spain , and afterwards it did not appear that he ever came to any explanation on the subject . An hon . member on the same bench ( Mr. Bankes ) had , in his speech , attempted to point out what were the relative duties of the two countries in rather a novel style . He had stated , that frankness , openness , and candour were required of Spain ; that vigilance , circumspection , and jealousy were the duty of this country . He confessed he had ever conceived that frankness was a quality which could only be mutual . If we wished others to be frank , we must first be frank ourselves . If we expected full and candid explanation , it was first incumbent on us to exhibit , in our own conduct , proofs of openness and integrity . These observations were founded , not in the laws of nations , or the customs of England , but in the constitution of things , and the laws of our being . Till he had perused the papers on the table , he had not conceived it possible that any lines but two could have been pursued . The first was a determination for instant war . If , on the contrary , a different course was to be attempted , that no time would be lost while the disposition of the Spaniards remained amicable , to conclude any arrangement by which their neutrality might be preserved . What , then , was it that ministers had done to accomplish this most important object ? In the month of June , lord Hawkesbury had given our minister at Madrid no powers to form any arrangement ; and five months elapsed during which nothing was done , and that when ministers could not be ignorant that French intrigue would be sufficiently active in instigating Spain to act up to the terms of the subsidiary treaty . During all this 451 period there is no communication made , no explanation authorized , no intelligence given to the Spanish