said G. B. Mainwaring , but many more for the said sir F. Burdett ; and the petitioners humbly submit , that if the poll had been cast up at such hour , without any further examination of such voters , the names of such voters ought to have been reckoned , and thereby a majority of votes received on the poll declared , as in foot it was , in favour of sir F. Burdett ; but the petitioners further state , that the poll was not cast up , nor the numbers declared , till the following day , and , in the mean time , the sheriff , in compliance with his aforesaid promise , proceeded to satisfy himself respecting the titles of the voters so previously entered on the poll , and , after such examination , directed marks to be set opposite to their names , some in favour of the said sip F. Burdett , and some for the said G. B. Mainwaring , according to the votes previously given for one or other of the said candidates ; that a majority of the votes received on the poll did thereby also appear in favour of sir F. Burdett , and the said sir F. Burdett ought to have been returned to serve in this present parliament for the county aforesaid ; and that the said sheriff , well knowing the premises , did , on the 16th day of the said election , illegally , wrongfully , wilfully , and falsely declare the majority of numbers to be in favour of the said G. B. Mainwaring , and illegally , wilt fully , wrongfully , and falsely , returned the 141 said G. B. Mainwaring to serve for the said county in the present parliament , although the said sir F. Burdett had a majority in number of votes received on the poll in his favour , and ought to have been returned in the stead and place of the said G. B. Mainwaring to serve in the present parliament for the county of Middlesex aforesaid ; and therefore praying the house to order the said false return of the said sheriff to be amended , by directing the name of the said G. B. Mainwaring to be erased there from , and the name of the said sir F. Burdett to be inserted therein in the stead and place of the name of the said G. B. Mainwaring , and that the house will appoint an early day for taking their petition into consideration , and grant to the petitioners such further relief in the premises as to the house shall seem meet . `` —Ordered , that the said petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday , the 19th of Feb. next , and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants for such persons , papers , and records , as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said petition . rose for the purpose of making a motion , to which , he trusted , there could be no objection . It referred to a point upon which , when he brought forward his motions a few days since , it was his wish to have obtained full and distinct information . He was still of opinion , that it would be necessary to procure information separately on this head , in order to enable the house , when the situation of the military circumstances of the country should come to be discussed , to form a clear and impartial opinion upon it . He had been led to give up this motion by a spirit of accommodation to the right hon . gent . on the other side of the house , and to generalise the motions he on that occasion submitted ; but as it often happened , that whilst acting under such an impulse , a man might concede more than upon reflection he would deem consistent with prudence or discretion , he proposed in the present instance , to correct his former omission by a