On a review of all the circumstances of the case , he certainly thought the hon . baronet 's amendment should be adopted . He by no means refused the suspension , he only asked for the inquiry . could not suffer this question to come to a decision without declaring his hostility to the original motion , and his reasons for supporting the amendment of the hon . baronet . He was confident the right hon . baronet who had brought forward the original motion had 336 sufficient grounds in his own mind to justify the adoption of such a measure ; and he believed too , that if he were himself acquainted with these grounds , he should be of the same opinion . In order to justify him in voting for such a motion , something more was necessary than the impressions of his own mind . If the hon . baronet even had communicated to him satisfactory reasons for the adoption of the measure , in his closet , yet , as a representative of the Irish people , he should require further information—public and official documents , sufficient to establish parliamentary ground for the necessity of the measure . Until such documents should be produced he could not reconcile it to himself to vote for a measure that was to deprive so great a proportion of his maj. 's subjects of the most invaluable benefits of the constitution . As to what had been said respecting the character of the noble lord at the head of the Irish govt . he readily subscribed to it all , and he was happy in the opportunity of bearing testimony of the high opinion he entertained of his virtues and talents : but he was far from thinking that any circumstances of personal character , however favourable , could constitute an argument in support of such a measure.—The question was then loudly called for , and the gallery being cleared , a division took place : said , that before proceéding to the 337 business of the day , there was a motion with which he meant to trouble their ldps . of which he had not deemed it necessary to give any notice , as he could not conceive any objection which could be made to it . What he wished was , a copy of the commission granted by his maj. to sir C. Middleton , and others , for managing the naval concerns of the country . Their Ldps . were not ignorant that there was another committee appointed for this purpose by parliament , and it was but proper that it should be seen how far this committee , appointed by his maj. was intended to supersede the committee appointed by parliament . Of the exertions of this latter committee , and of the benefits of which , their exertions had been productive to the country , both that house and the country , in general were sensible . It had been appointed under the management of a noble earl , ( St. Vincent ) whose conduct entitled him to public esteem and gratitude , not as a brave commander merely , but as an upright and able conductor of the affairs of the admiralty . He therefore moved , that an humble address be presented to his maj. praying that he would be graciously pleased to order a copy of the commission to Sir C. Middleton , and others , to be laid before the house . Ordered . said , he availed him self of the first full attendance to notice what had fallen , from a right hon . gent , at the head of his maj. 's councils , in another place , on Tuesday last , ( see p. 274 ) and to demand of the noble lords on the ministerial bench , to declare , whether it ever has been , or was now. , in the contemplation of his maj. 's ministers , to institute any enquiry into his conduct while at the head of the admiralty board . He believed he had some firm friends upon