of raising money upon the country . This had been strenuously denied to be the case by 493 those who supported it ; but it had actually turned out to be the fact , and now formed one of the strongest arguments that could be used in favour of the motion made by his noble friend neat him for its repeal . As a bill for raising men , no one could deny that it had totally failed of its purpose ; and if it was a bill for raising money , nothing could be more clear , than that it was deserving the highest reprehension , for it was infinitely partial and unequal , and fell , with an unexampled degree of weight and severity on the landed proprietors of the country . He insisted that another noble friend near him ( lord King ) was perfectly right in styling it a measure of taxation , which fell not upon property equally and generally , but on the ratio of population ; and the instances which that noble lord had produced , ill support and illustration of his arguments , were conclusive and unanswerable.—His ldp . then adverted to the very defective and unjust mode resorted to by the bill of recruiting for the army in the several parishes , through the medium , and by means of parish officers . Those regular officers who were appointed to that service by the army , were generally gent , who well understood that particular duty , and , by attention and experience , were enabled to form a pretty good judgment—which was a good man , and such as might be trusted , and which was likely to prove shy and take the first opportunity to desert , He was also personally interested in taking particular care in these respects ; but the parish officer was very differently situated , and might be liable , through partiality or prejudice , to return those who were likely to desert , and thus the parishes would become doubly burdened . The noble earl who spoke second , had acknowledged that the bill had not been so successful as could be wished , and yet contended that it ought to be persisted in , because , though it had been in force nearly twelve months , it was now only just beginning to operate . As yet he had heard no arguments which could , in the smallest degree , tend to convince him that the bill ought to be persisted in . Perhaps , said his ldp . before we rise , we may hear from some noble lords , who saw this measure in a different light last year , why they have changed those opinions which they then maintained so strenuously . He confessed he could not help being curious to hear what would be their arguments in favour of the continuance of a measure 494 which at once overthrew all those which they had so industriously endeavoured to promote . He wished to see how the new coalition on the other side , would conform themselves on the present occasion . He had , he said , made use of that expression , which had been so often used and misused of late years , in consequence of the noble earl who spoke last having applied the word coalition to him and his noble friends who acted with him . He insisted , that any man might have differed in opinion with one or more on the first and most important of political questions , and yet might afterwards perfectly and cordially , and with the utmost degree of consistency , coincide and act with them on a question , or questions , in which they all formed the same unanimous and decided opinion , as on any point of dispute , which might arise in a subsequent period of time . It was absurd to suppose that men thus circumstanced as he had described , should , because they bad acted on contrary opinions for any length of time , never agree or net together when they might