made ; or of any one circumstance connected with it ; we can only join his Majesty in a general declaration that peace is undoubtedly desirable , provided that it can be obtained upon terms which shall give permanent security to the British empire ; that it shall be honourable as well as secure ; and that it shall be consistent with the general interests and tranquillity of Europe . This is the declaration which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to make in his speech , and in this declaration I most perfectly concur . It is candid , honourable , and magnanimous . It is the dignified , as well as the political language which this country ought to maintain ; and I therefore congratulate the house on the reception which has been given to this overture . I understand by the speech , that his majesty thinks it essential to the honour and security of this empire , that he should enter into no negotiation , until he has advised with those powers on the continent , with whom he is in the habits of confidential intercourse and connection . I rejoice in this declaration , and wish even that in practice the principle 18 may be carried further . In my opinion , it is the wise policy of G. Britain , in the present state of Europe , to solicit communication with every power on this great and important subject ; and to endeavour^ by every mean to obtain the co-operation of every power which has a community of interest , or a community of sentiment . There is no safe and no honourable peace to be obtained by other means . You must cultivate this understanding by every means ; you must take no step without a constant , steady , and confidential communication , with every one who feels with you , that the very bonds of society , and of all just government , require this co-operation . Above all others , it is material to consult that great power who is represented as sympathising in your opinion ; and who is , undoubtedly , by his position , interests , and capacity , your natural ally in this great work . These opinions I have never failed to express at every period of this war when I have had occasion to trouble your lordships , since I had the honour of a seat among you ; and I rejoice to see that they now appear to be duly appreciated by the house in general . I have heard the noble lord 's declaration to-night with the most heart-felt pride and satisfaction . They are such as he was heretofore accustomed to maintain , and they do him infinite honour . I wish I could repeat his words verbatim , that I might still further endeavour to enforce them on every heart ; but I think his expression was , that it was by too great an extent of concession , and by shewing too great an eagerness for negotiation , that we had fallen into the snare which led to the present war , since it had taught our enemy to regard us as a conquered country . No reflection could be more true ; no recollection could be more useful . It ought to be a warning to us in every step we take , and the experience of this fatal truth ought now to animate and guide our couucils , —As to the other subject , the new war in which we are involved with Spain , I perfectly agree with the noble ? lord who moved the address ; that we ought to lose no time in assuring his Majesty , that we will make every exertion to support his just rights , and the honour and dignity of his crown ; but we can not go one step further , until we have the papers laid before us , and have ascertained the grounds upon which we are called upon to enter into this war . I can not agree that the mere naked fact , which