be certain , and to have it ascertained that nothing injurious to our interests is contained therein . It actually became necessary to know whether the accounts received by Mr. Frere relative to the armaments were true or false . M. Cevallos states , that all armaments against G. Brishall cease , whereas by agreement , all armaments whatever were to cease , and it would be utterly , and to all intents and purposes , impossible for us to know the intentions of the Spanish govt . unless she should give us some information relative to the stipulations contained in that treaty , and therefore you get nothing by the treaty more than you always have had with all neutral nations . The hon . and learned gent , begged the house to recollect that on the 3d of Nov. 1804 , M. Cevallos gives in his ultimatum as an answer to Mr. Frere 's two notes in the following words : — '' Sir , I have received the two notes which you were pleased to address to me , dated the 20th of Oct. last , and the 2d inst . ; and having given account to the king my master of their contents , I have the honor to declare to you , that Spain has given constant proofs of good correspondence with G. Britain ; of her fidelity in observing the treaty of neutrality ( called by you a suspension of hostilities , though they have not disturbed the state of peace since the treaty of Amiens ) , and has completely done away the apprehensions which England founded upon vague accounts of armaments which neither did exist , nor , if they had existed , had any tendency prejudicial to the tranquillity of G. Britain . And although these three points are satisfied in my note of the 29th of Oct. last , still his maj. is willing to make a fresh sacrifice to peace , carrying his royal condescension to the point which you desire , and ordering me to satisfy your questions , as I do in the most unequivocal manner , saying— '' To the 1st , That Spain , in consequence of the treaty of neutrality concluded on the 19th Oct. 1803 , will make no agreement contrary to the said convention . To the 2d , That there is not a greater number of ships armed than there 446 was at the epoch of the said convention . To the 3d , That no change infractory of the neutrality shall be made in the distribution of the ships already armed ; nor is it likely that there should be any need to change the said distribution , under the supposition of neutrality . To the 4th , That the treaty of subsidy with France contains nothing offensive to our neutrality with G. Britain , and that the subsidies are equivalent to what would be the expence of the naval and military succours , stipulated in the treaty of alliance with the French Republic . As my answers are not less distinct than satisfactory , for they have been formed in no other style than that , of good faith , I think I have a fresh right to be satisfied by you in regard to the measure taken by the British cabinet in ordering that the commander of its forces before Ferrol should prevent the entrance of Spanish ships into the said port ; a complaint I have not had the honour to see satisfied by you , as becomes a measure which carries with it a mistrust of the Spanish govt . and offends its honor and dignity , by shackling the exercise of its domestic authority . `` —By this it appears that Spain , in consequence of the treaty of neutrality , will make no armament contrary to the said convention ; this was the explicit language used by M. Cevallos on the 29th of Oct. ; but he became more mysterious and ambiguous in the language of his note of the 3d of Nov. which gave Mr. Frere great reason to believe that there was