thinking that the onus lays with the other side of the house to make out such a sufficient case as shall induce parliament to rescind its own resolution and to alter the whole military system of the country . I maintain , that the bill has not , as yet , had a fair trial . I maintain , that it is working the most salutary effects throughout the country , and that when the progressive quality of the measure is candidly examined it will clearly appear that it ought to be continued . I am ready to admit , with gentlemen on the other side of the house , that the operation of the bill commenced on the 5th of Sept. instead of the 15th of Nov . The average produce from the 5th of Sept. a period of 26 weeks , is 131 men per week ; for the last 16 weeks , 169 men per week ; for the last 12 weeks , 184 men per week ; and for the last 8 weeks , 203 men per week . Therefore , supposing this regularly progressive quality of the measure to continue , it will in the course of 52 weeks produce no less than 10,500 men ; and this being the case , I would ask any gentleman whether such a measure can justly be called inefficient ? One of the great advantages arising from it is , that it does not interfere with the ordinary means of recruiting for the army . With regard to the oppressive quality of the measure , if by oppressive is meant inconvenient , I readily grant that in some instances it may prove so , But , if a great and extensive military measure must be resorted to , I should be glad to know , what milder one can the country be called upon to submit to than the one which has been 781 adopted ? If we compare it with any measure which this country has known , it is impossible not to acknowledge that it is far milder in its operation than all the preceding ones . If we compare it with the Army of Reserve act , the presumption is tenfold in favour of this bill . I always considered the exertions of the parish officers as so much clear gain . In Ireland they have raised four-fifths of the whole number which has been raised . In England , Ireland , and Scotland , their exertions have been as four to one . I can not help regretting that we should hear the existing branches of the military defence of the country so much run down and depreciated as we have done of late . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) holds them all extremely cheap . He holds the volunteer establishment cheap to a degree . That we do not at present possess a great and efficient army is what I will never consent to admit . I maintain that our regular efficient force amounts at this time to 252,000 men , and that the country is placed in a very high state of defence . I am prepared to say , that we can at any time detach a very large and powerful army to any point where it may be required , and that there is a reasonable prospect , if we continue to act on our present military system , that we shall possess such a disposable force as will enable us to undertake any offensive operations that may be deemed necessary for the honour and security of the empire . rose , he said , for the purpose of pointing out several fallacies in the statement made by the noble lord , but a general call for the question prevented us from correctly hearing the hon . gent . 's calculations . then rose to reply , and spoke nearly as follows : —After the attentive hearing with which I was honoured in the former part of the evening , I think the house will do me the credit to believe that it is not