. The Grenville act , whatever other persons might think of it , or however it might be considered in other respects , had created an anomaly in the constitution of that house . By the course followed antecedent to that act , the whole matter of the election , as well with respect to the seat as to the conduct of the returning officers , and all collateral points , were referred to the committee ; and the ultimate decision upon all these points still remained with the house , the report of the committee serving to guide its judgment . But , under the new arrangement , did the house commit to the committee the whole matter of the case ? No ; that committee was the dernier resort as to the seat only . Upon that their decision was , according to a legislative act , final and conclusive . But the seat was the only thing upon which the report of such committee was unalterable . As to any special report which it was authorized to make relative to the conduct of the returning officers , ' the house retained the full power which , according to precedent , was uniformly ; exercised , to proceed upon such special 279 report in the way which it was the object of the right hon . gent . 's motion to reverse . The Grenville act made as clear o distinction between the power vested in the committee , as to the decision of the seat , and that relative to a special report , as words could express . In the one case their power was absolute ; in the other , it belonged to them only to report that there were other circumstances connected with the election , which required the interference of the house . Considering the report before the house in that view , he could not admit that it should have any other influence than that of calling attention to the proceedings of the accused , but by no means that of forming the ground for their conviction or punishment . All the precedents , since the Grenville act , upon similar cases , justified this opinion . But the right hon . gent , who proposed another course , thought proper entirely to overlook those precedents , and to look to the conduct formerly pursued under circumstances which he contended were not at all analogous . If the report of a committee under the new jurisdiction were to be binding on the house to adopt , in what a dilemma would the house be placed , suppose that an election committee on the Shoreham case , or that of Nottingham , had , in addition to the other particulars in their report , resolved that the right of election ought to be thrown open , that the electors should be increased . Would not the admission of such an authority , in the report of a committee , as he had alluded to , be , in effect , to delegate to such committee the legislative power of the house ? Yet , such an inference would naturally follow from the arguments used by the right hon . gent . If , then , that argument , or the proposition that followed , could not be sustained by reason , the constitution of the house , or precedent , he thought that justice would urge the adoption of such line of proceeding as might be most favourable to the interest of the accused , and that , obviously , was to allow them to bring forward any farther evidence that it might be in their power to produce for their exculpation . Any different course would , he was quite persuaded , be felt as inconsistent with the ends of substantial justice , as it would be with the spirit of our law . That law uniformly said , that a man accused of any offence should be fully heard before sentence should be pro- 280 nounced ; and that law very properly allowed , that if any circumstances could be discovered