's agents for the administration of the oath , and who swore that they were enjoined to administer the oath in all cases with due solemnity.—Having gone through various parts of the evidence , to shew the facts of the case with respect to the conduct of his clients , he recurred to a consideration of the law . He maintained that the same principle of law must apply universally : that there could not be one law for Lancashire and Yorkshire , and another for Middlesex and Rutland , The spirit of the law did , he was quite convinced , sanction the rule laid down and acted upon by his clients . The law could not enact that which it would be physically impossible to execute . It allowed but 15 days for any election , and if the returning officers were to act judiciously , if they were to enquire into any disputed vote ; if they were , to act otherwise than his clients had acted , to resort to the criterion of an oath upon all difficult cases , it would be utterly impossible to go through in 15 days the election of such a county as Yorkshire , to , receive above 40,000 votes . Indeed , it evidently was not the intention of the statute , that the returning officer should , act any other 845 than ministerially during those 15 days . If the close investigation of the votes were demanded , what was called the scrutiny act , prescribed 30 days for the continuance of such investigation . During this scrutiny the sheriffs were invested with judicial power , and the distinction between the 15 and 30 days clearly proved that the returning officers were merely authorised , in the first instance , to administer the freeholders ' oath , and not entitled to go into any scrutiny of the freeholders ' claim . If , indeed , the returning officer should refuse to receive the vote of a freeholder , who should express his readiness to take the oath , such returning officer would be liable to an action , from which , even should the verdict be in his favour , he could not escape without some loss . This consideration would , he trusted , combined with the law and the facts he had slated , produce in the mind of the house a due degree of indulgence for the situation in which his clients were placed , and render the house slow to pronounce a verdict of guilty against men who were so circumstanced , and who had so acted . The learned counsel denied that his clients had come to any adjudication that rendered them liable to the charge of acting judicially on the last day of the election , as Mr. Sylvester seemed to infer . The fact was , that the persons tendering on the occasion to which the adjudication was said to refer , could not conscientiously take the oath . If they would take that oath , their votes must have been received and put on the poll . The learned counsel concluded a most able , luminous , and comprehensive speech , replete with legal knowledge and forcible argument , by conjuring the house to weigh well the circumstances in which his clients were placed ; to take a fair and full review of the conduct they had pursued throughout the election ; that being themselves not legally educated , they Bad acted under the advice of those who were ; —that although they might be mistaken , their uniform unvarying application of the same rules to all parties proved that they were not corrupt . Addressing himself to an enlightened assembly , he trusted that the fate of his clients would be consistent with its character , and with the force of their claims . As soon as the counsel had withdrawn from the bar , put the question , that the house do agree with the resolutions of this committee , the substance of which was , 846 that the sheriffs of Middlesex had been guilty of partiality and