in Scotland , praying for a repeal of the late corn act , which were or- 788 dered to lie on the table . Me then stated , that in presenting these petitions , so transmitted to him , he by no means pledged himself to support any motion for the repeal of the bill , as he had yet no opportunity of making up his mind upon the subjeet.—Mr . S. Bourne brought up the Sugar Drawback Duty bill ; the Legacy Additional Stamp Duty bill ; and the Isle of Man Revenue Improvement bill , all of which were read a first time.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the Property Tax bill . Ordered to be read a 3d time to-morrow . appeared at the bar with the report of the bill for imposing an additional duty on salt . On the question being put from the chair , `` that this report be now brought up , '' observed , that though the subject might appear to have been pretty nearly exhausted already , yet he could not refrain at this time from stating his objections to the bill , which he considered as involving in it every thing mischievous that could possibly accompany a tax . It was surprising , that after a report of the committee of this house had been so long on the table , recommending the entire abolition of the salt duty , the first thing we should hear was a double duty being laid on that article . It was a breach of faith-in some measure , and must give the country a bad impression of parliament itself . Suppose a case in private life , where a superior should hold out hopes to a dependant , that he should be relieved from grievances of which he justly complained : what would be thought of that superior if , instead of relief , he should double the burden It was trifling with the people to hold out expectations to them without attempting to realize them . So much for England . But the case was worse with respect to Scotland . There it would be impossible to go through with this bill . Formerly when the duty was 10s . in England , in Scotland it was 6s . 6d . From this it was found necessary to lower it to 4s . If it was scarcely possible to collect it then , what could be done now , when the duty was so much more ? The difficulty of making salt in Scotland would not account for the impossibility found in collecting the duty there . This difficulty arose from-making salt there from sea water , instead of salt springs , which contained more saline matter ; but in Scotland , they used the rock salt of Chester in general , as well as , in- England . The tax fell much more severely on the poor than 789 on the rich , for a poor man especially in Scotland , was compelled to live principally on vegetable food , which required a great quantity of salt to stimulate digestion . The net produce of the tax in Scotland was 47,000l . This sum was nearly all expended in bounties to the Herring Fishery , and in the charges of collection , and therefore scarcely any thing was gained by it to the public . The design of the society for improving the Highlands , as appeared from their reports , was to prevent , as much as possible , the augmentation of the tax on salt , which had so bad an effect on the Herring Fishery . In the year 1769 , in the Isle of Man , where the duty did not exist , the inhabitants were about 7000 . They had since increased to 30,000 , chiefly , perhaps , owing to their exemption from this duty . He had another objection to the tax , which was , that this heavy burden was laid on the people , for paying the interest of five millions subsidy to be given to