been conceded , and the British court could not now disavow the acts of their own minister , it was much to be lamented that a condition disclaimed by their own minister should still be insisted upon in the declaration , as it afforded a ground to the court of Madrid to charge the British govt . with a breach of good faith . Again , he was directed distinctly to state the orders of his court to its commander to prevent Spanish ships of war from sailing to or from Petrol—Not a word about the treasure ships—Lord Harrowby 's excuse to the Spanish ambassador seemed perfectly unsatisfactory . If intelligence could not have been conveyed by the court of Spain to the commanders of their treasure ships , the communication from our court would have been useless , and , if it could , the order would have been rendered nugatory . For this mode of reasoning applied with precisely the same force to the other Spanish ships of war of greater force ; nor could any sound distinction be drawn between them and the treasure ships . Another ground of complaint alleged in the Declaration was , the removal of Spanish ships out of dock to make room for French men of war . Of this it would be sufficient to say , that the papers on the table furnished no proof of the fact . But it was stated that the govt . of Spain `` contemplated from the beginning of the war the necessity of making itself a party to it . '' The Declaration in the Spanish manifesto is , that from its relations with France it must have with difficulty refrained from taking part against injuries offered to its ally . Whilst they were stating the difficulties they had to struggle with in avoiding offensive operations against G. Britain , was it fair to interpret this into an admission on their part , that they were from the first unavoidably identified with France in the war against us ? But `` the detention of the treasure ships formed no part of the motive of the previous hostile character manifested by the court of Spain . '' If any previous hostile disposition existed , that undoubtedly could not be influenced by an affair which took place afterwards . Then it was asserted , that the state of war must have arisen had the detention never taken place . But how did this appear ? Other points in difference 418 might possibly have been adjusted , but a breach of faith , and an insult offered to the flag of a generous and high minded nation , do not so easily admit of atonement.—The hon . and learned gent . said , he had dwelt the longer upon the Declaration , because that was the instrument which , ministers had offered to the world , and by that they must stand or fall as the justification of their conduct in involving their country in a war with Spain—and how vague and unsatisfactory the apology was , he trusted he had sufficiently shewn . But he had undertaken to shew that the attack upon the Spanish frigates , pending a negotiation , was against the express letter and spirit of the law of nations . For this he should rest upon no less reverend an authority , than that of Grotius himself ; who , though the first to reduce that valuable science to a system , sprung as it were at a bound to the very top of his art . He says , `` sic et qui colloquium aut postulat aut admittit tacité pollicetur collocutoribus id innoxium fore . '' He then , as is his custom , adduces his instances , and in the very first says , `` per colloquii speciem jus gentium perfidyé violari . '' Here , then , it was expressly laid down , that during a negotiation you are pledged to do no act of violence to the party with whom you negotiate . Vattel , also , in the case of a contested right says , `` after