grounds . He said that inquiry would defeat the object of the measure . Make out such a case as gentlemen on the other side , desire , and you defeat the object of the bill . Tell a rogue you know his tricks and his haunts , and it is 530 more than possible he may withdraw himself from your reach . The noble lord referred to the resolution of the high sheriff and gentlemen of Waterford to apply to the lord lieutenant , not only f r a suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , but also for the establishment of military and free quarters , in case further outrages were committed . The enquiry proposed could not be had without witnesses , or , as they were called in Ireland , approvers . Every one knew that for the last ten years many such persons had been assassinated ; half the people executed within that period had been condemned for assassination . He recollected a witness , who underwent a private examination in Dublin , and proved several circumstances of treason against different persons . It was thought necessary to send him and his wife to Liverpool till the trials came on . The man 's name was Henley , lie was followed to Liverpool , and from thence to London . The very night he came into London , he was murdered at the end of Piccadilly . Let gentlemen look to the speeches made in the Conservative Senate at Paris on the 4th of this month . See what say M. Talleyrand and St. Jean d'Angely , and see what statements they , boastfully made of the present situation of Ireland , and what they called its oppressions and the refusal of liberty of conscience , and the expectation they entertained of being joined , in case of a descent , by the people of that country , who had likewise their notions heated by the proposed agitation of the Catholic question . Hon gentlemen seemed , little inclined to consider whatever came from the side of the house on which he sat ; but , perhaps , they might not be indisposed to attend a little better to what came from that authority . His lordship relied upon the spirit and fortitude of the man who now conducted the business of the empire , that he would not bend before , any opposition offered that night , nor swerve from his purpose of doing his duty to the public . felt it impossible to sit silent and hear the intentions of his noble friend who moved the amendment , misrepresented as they had been . He refuted the charge of parliamentary management conveyed in the shape of a compliment . The intention of his noble friend was not to refuse what govt . had asked , but only to procure good and sufficient reasons for its necessity . It was rather an extraordi- 531 nary argument for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland , that a man was murdered at the end of Piccadilly . He could not see that offences committed under the suspension were good reasons for a continuance of that suspension . The gentlemen who had spoken on the other side had declined to meet the question fairly , which was , whether , granting the suspension , it was not prudent to examine the reasons afterwards ? did not consider it as any reproach upon the noble lord to compliment him for his parliamentary management . said , the hon . gent . had mistaken the object of the noble lord 's story , which was to shew , that Irish witnesses could not come with safety to London to give information before a committee . Assassinations similar to this were very common in Ireland . The suspension of the Habeas Corpus could not prevent such outrages ; but it certainly rendered them less frequent . He had resided in Ireland from his youth , and he must of course know its situation better than the hon . gent . opposite ; he took leave to say also ,