will dispute . And can it be contended that we ought to have acquiesced in that refusal , without at the same time saying that we ought to abandon whatever is most essential to the assertion of our dignity , and the maintenance of our rights ? In vain is it contended that the connivance of this govt . in the neutrality of Spain , was an acknowledgment of it . On the contrary , in every one of his notes and conferences Mr. Frere studiously reserved the right of this country to go to war , and accurately distinguished between temporary connivance and positive recognition . The connivance too Was conditional . It depended on the communication of the treaty with France , on the discontinuance of all naval armaments , and the prohibition of the sale of prizes in Spanish ports . That the Spanish govt . were aware that their neutrality was not recognized is obvious from the discussions which took place , and from their anxiety to learn what were our intentions . It appears that some mistake has occurred from the use of the word convention , in some of the Spanish notes , as if there had been a convention of neutrality between this country and Spain . It is plain , however , that the word refers in most cases to the convention with France , though to be sure it is not surprising it should be thought such a convention as that was , could not be meant to be characterized as a convention of neutrality . And here , sir , I may take notice of a circumstance that escaped me in a former part of my speech . Let us consider what proportion of the whole revenue of Spain the subsidy paid to France forms . It will be found , I believe , that as the whole revenue of Spain , for every purpose , is not estimated at more than 8 millions , the subsidy is , between one third and one half of its pecuniary resources . And is not that a strange sort of neutrality in which one power contributes , near a half of its whole annual revenue to another power , to carry on war against a , third ? If the proportion of aid in a defensive treaty is a consideration of great importance in deciding whether it is to be 377 deemed a violation of neutrality , surely the proportion of a pecuniary commutation to the whole means of a state , is not to be held indifferent ? Suppose for instance that Prussia or Austria were engaged in a war with France , would it be considered a convention of neutrality , if England were to stipulate and pay 15 millions to one of the belligerents ? And 15 millions paid by England , probably forms no larger proportion of her means , than 3 millions annually paid by Spain to France—and by a convention so ridiculously described as a convention of neutrality ! It is evident , however , that M. ဟAnduaga who , in a note presented to this govt . speaks of a convention of neutrality of the 19th Oct. between Spain and England , is altogether unacquainted with the progress and state of the negotiation . It is clear , that no such treaty ever did exist , for if it had , would M. Cevallos , in Feb. and March , have talked of the understanding which prevailed on the subject , if they could at once have settled the dispute by referring to the written document ? But in my view of the subject , it would have been of little consequence whether such a convention had existed or not . It is manifest that it could have recognised the neutrality of Spain only conditionally , and if the condition was violated , the neutrality of course expired , and we should have been placed in the same right of war that belonged to us prior to its conclusion . But still , though ministers were disposed to prolong their forbearance and lenity , no