to her was threatened , she then had no recourse but that of putting herself into a similar posture , and endeavouring to give the first blow instead of receiving it , as most probably would otherwise have been the case . Every publicist of eminence has declared that we have a right to make use of the principle of fear to compel other nations to accede to our just demands . If this has not the weight which we calculated it would have with them , there was no alternative but that of having recourse to arms . That such a line of conduct should be adopted and acted upon pending a negociation , when all the other circumstances already mentioned were connected with it , was not without a precedent in the general conduct of civilized nations . On the contrary , it would be found that in almost every instance where it was thought necessary during the course of the last century , this was the general practice of this country , and of all other powers of Europe . In 1718 , when Sir George Byng was sent to preserve the neutrality of Italy , a similar step was thought expedient , and was of course adopted . He did not want to conceal that an outcry was raised by Spain against the manner of proceeding , and that some persons in that House also protested against the measure . But the wisdom of the House over-ruled the objections , and the action was commended as a measure of necessary precaution . In 1726 , admiral Hosier was sent to cruize off Porto Bello , and an attack was made on Gibraltar , though war was not declared for six weeks after . Even the attack on Gibraltar , was not considered as a total rupture . In 1739 , the Spaniards seized all British vessels on their coast , even though contrary to an express article , 408 when they were apprehensive that we would otherwise inflict on them the first mark of the commencement of hostilities . In 1744 , we sent a fleet to attack the French fleet off Dungeness , and yet there had been no previous declaration of war . In 1755 , we seized all the French ships in our ports , and yet there were no reprisals for several months after . In 1761 , the French in their , projet proposed , that all prizes before the declaration of war , should be restored as being taken contrary to the law of nations , but this was refused , upon the ground that they were not taken contrary to the law of nations . Inl762 , the king of Spain ordered all English ships in his ports to be detained three weeks before a declaration of war . In the last war we seized Dutch property 9 months before a declaration , and the battle of Copenhagen also took place prior to a declaration of war . After producing several other instances , I do trust , said the hon . and learned gent . that from all these cases , it will be evident to the majority of this House and the bulk of the people of this country , that our honour is safe , and that we have not been guilty of a breach of the law of nations . I can not but lament that any gentleman should think it his duty to put upon record a long argument which tends to make the nations of Europe believe that we are engaged in a war of injustice . I do trust that France and her proud ruler will find that the spirit of the people of England is as high as it was at any former period , and that we will consent to no peace , but such as provides for the permanent security of this country and of Europe . said , that he was ready to follow the learned gent , who had just sat down by entering fully into the subject , if it should not be the pleasure of