that house . Operating as an amercement , it was oppressive beyond measure ; the effect of it would be , to say to the parishes , you shall be heavily fined ; you shall be subject to the payment of extravagant and burdensome impositions , unless you can get men to work cheaper than they find it to be their interest or inclination to do . Not wishing this measure should stand in the way of that popularity which he perceived the administration was anxious to obtain , he was desirous that it should not go forward . The country was convinced it had failed , and , therefore , confidently expected its repeal . Even if it had succeeded to the most sanguine wishes of the . proposers , on the return of peace he should have thought it the duty of the house to repeal it . He felt himself bound , upon principles of consistency , and wishing to . pay those marks of respect and affection to the late administration , which he felt they , deserved from him , and which , perhaps , at no distant period , the country would feel were due to them , to vote in support of the motion —Sir ; at this late hour , and after the very ample discussion this subject has already obtained , I shall detain the house but for a very few moments . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bragge Bathurst ) has said , that it is not fair to ask him to state upon his honour what would have been his 774 conduct with respect to any measure in different circumstances ; and that it is sufficient for him to give his honest opinion of it when it comes before him . The right hon . gent . last year stated his sentiments on this very bill ; and though he has not thought proper to tell us what the sentiments of himself . and his noble relation ( lord Sidmouth ) oh the subject were , previous to the late reconciliation , I can not help believing that they must have formed some opinion in the course of the summer . The right hon . gent . says , too , that it never entered into his contemplation , or into the minds of those persons who , as well , as himself , have been alluded to by my hon . friend , the mover of the present motion , to engage in a litigious , a vexatious , and a factious opposition to government . Doubtless , they would not engage . in an opposition which they themselves thought so ; and they may fairly suppose that others would not do so , or at least confess that their opposition was litigious and vexatious . This declaration of the right hon . gent . does not surprize me to any great degree ; for when I recollect the opposition which he himself gave to the very bill of . which my hon . friend now proposes the repeal , I can not , I say , help believing , that he and his friends did , in the course of the autumn , come to some mature consideration as to how they should vote , not only upon this bill , so much the object of their former animadversion , but possibly , upon every other measure of the present government . But the distinction of the right hon . gent . is extremely curious . When the measure was first proposed in June last , then the opposition given to it by the right hon . gent . and his friends was fair , manly , and honourable ; but now that it has totally failed , now that it is scouted from one end of the kingdom to the other , any opposition to it is stigmatised as being litigious , factious , vexatious , and I know not what . But the right hon . gent . puts another notable case . He says that those who oppose a war do