the negotiating parties are mutually pledged each to the other , to a forbearance from all hostilities until the discussions are finally closed . This principle he should , with the leave of the house , at present take for granted ; being prepared hereafter to prove it by the highest and most indisputable authority to be found in the circle of the law of nations . That a negotiation was begun and continued until our minister quitted Madrid , the volume of documents on the table abundantly proved . In the midst of these discussions , which were calculated to lull them into a state of perfect security , whilst the relations of amity were supposed to be still subsisting , your ships received with hospitality in their ports , and the ships of Spain navigating the seas in the full persuasion of that security which nations not at war are intitled to enjoy , you take a treacherous advantage of their confidence , and commit that which is nothing short of an act of open war . You amuse them with a mockery of negotiation , for it is no other than a mockery , if whilst they are lead to indulge a hope , which to the last they reasonably may , that the discussions may ultimately terminate in the complete re-establishment of a good under-standing between the two countries , without any previous intimation to them you send out a hostile squadron for the purpose of attacking an armed force of Spain . The honest satyr in the fable would not endure a guest who had taught his breath to blow both hot and cold ; but you commence hostile operations at the very moment when you pretend to be negotiating in the character of a friend ; you abruptly cut the kno : which you affect a willingness to untie ; you invite them to a parley and you fire upon them under a flag of truce . But here he was encountered by various positions in the Declaration which it might not be improper to notice . There probably would be no difference of opinion upon the effect of the treaty of St. Ildefonso abstractly considered . He could not , however , subscribe to the assertion , that Spain entered into it `` for the avowed purpose of endeavouring to subvert the government and destroy the national existence of G . Britain . '' During the last war indeed , it might be 415 said to have this country for its particular object , but in the contemplation of future wars , the intention must have been to secure to each other a pledge of mutual assistance against any power with whom either of the contracting parties might happen to be at war . But if you think fit to wave that right which the treaty gave you , unless disclaimed , you can not afterwards in fairness insist upon it , having once elected the line of forbearance . It is stated , that `` the groundless imputations in the Spanish manifesto are built upon the foundation of this forbearance alone . '' He saw no contradiction in this ; and here he could not help noticing the manner in which the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had misrepresented this part of his hon . friend 's ( Mr. Grey 's ) argument . The noble lord had represented his hon . friend to be at variance with himself , because he who , on the one hand , so strenuously contended for the preservation of the neutrality of Spain , on the other hand violently pushed things to the last extremity , by insisting that the treaty should have been considered as a just cause of war . Nothing , however , was more unfounded . His hon . friend 's argument amounted to this . The treaty of St. Ildefonso , if acted upon in any manner hostile to G. Britain , if you wish to be inter apices juris , strictly speaking , affords you a just ground of war , subject , however , always to the question