, and one that should be completely satisfactory to this country , it indisputably became a just cause for declaring war against her . At the same time that . he made this ad * mission , he by no means agreed with the right hon . gent * in opinion , that the arguments urged by M. ဟAnduaga in his explanation of the tendency of this treaty were so void of weight as he seemed to imagine . These arguments strongly evinced the desire of Spain to limit that which had originally an offensive meaning to one purely defensive , and could this construction of the treaty have been maintained , it might certainly have proved equally advantageous to both countries . In his own mind , he was most decidedly of opinion , that it was the true policy of this country to have remained on good terms with Spain . As far as he could collect it from the strange , uncertain , indistinct mass of documents , which had been laid before the house on this subject , it seemed at one period to have been the original opinion of govt . He thought it would have been the policy of this country to maintain a good understanding with Spain , although that country were to have allowed to France the contingent or the substituted pecuniary succours . In his opinion , the subsidy which the right hon . gent . in alluding to it , had considered as totally , out of the question , might have been acquiesced in with perfect safety and propriety , provided the other points on which he had 387 allowed we were entitled to expect satisfaction , had been explained in a manner calculated to remove all uneasiness on our part . Persons in the situation in which he was , were not able to procure all the necessary information ; but he would contend , and he was convinced it would be allowed by every impartial man , that his maj. 's ministers possessing , as they must , the most extensive and multifarious information , flowing in upon them from a variety of sources , ought to have decided among themselves the question of the policy of preserving peace with Spain , and then have declared to that country , the exact boundaries of the neutrality beyond which it could not be allowed to pass.—He would follow , or endeavour to follow the right hon . gent , through the intricate labyrinth of his arguments , as well as his recollection and his ability would permit . But he would take the liberty to remark previously on the strange fact , that , antecedent to the 2d of June not a single dispatch ; appears from lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Frere , communicating to him instructions , by which his conduct to the court of Spain was to be regulated . It was strange too , and it seemed to him most highly culpable , at the time when hostilities commenced between this country and France , and when our govt . must have been fully acquainted with the connection that subsisted between France and Spain , that no attempts were made at that critical period to ascertain the real disposition of Spain , and to endeavour to fix her in a determination of neutrality . The first document to which the right hon . gent . had alluded in his speech was that memorable dispatch of lord . Hawkesbury to Mr. Frere , dated the 2d of June , 1803 . He had been curious to hear how the right hon . gent , would defend that paper . We had been told by him , that it proved the vigilant attention of ministers by the precision with which it marked out to Mr. Frere , the line of conduct he should adopt . When he first read the title of this paper it was with great expectation , an expectation which was increased by the perusal of the two or three earlier paragraphs ; but on looking still farther , some positive points having been