benevolence . But these accounts , coming from a certain description of persons , were not always to be de- 527 pended upon . The flattery towards men in power was carried to such excess , that he could recollect gentlemen having seriously asserted , and mentioned in public companies , that lord Hobart was a much more eloquent man than Mr . Flood had ever been ! These panegyrics were easily obtained , but he thought the people of Ireland would indeed be very hardly dealt with , if they had no other security for their liberties than the character of those who may happen to be in power . commented on the arguments made use of by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , at some length , and contrasted them with the sentiments he had expressed on some former occasions , when a measure similar to the present was proposed to the House of Commons . Lord Folkstone here called the hon . and learned gent . to order , on the ground of his allusions being irregular . After some conversation , the hon . member proceeded to observe , that the arguments against the suspension of the Habeas Corpus , drawn from the deficiency of glaring instances , as stated by some hon . members , might be met by an illustration of an opposition of the same nature , which illustration was made by a right hon . gent . a few years back ( Mr. Windham ) who mentioned the case of the captain of a ship who went on a voyage round the world , and had provided himself with certain ventilators , and other machines of a useful description . `` I laid out my money , '' said the captain , `` for nothing , for I have not had a sick man during the whole of my voyage . '' The hon . gent . then alluded to the miseries which Ireland had suffered , and which had left her in a state of trouble ; miseries which could not have been overcome , but by that system of vigour which had been adopted by administration . With respect to the measure now opposed by the hon . gentlemen on the other side , he should not wish to go farther back than the period of the revolution , to shew the manner in which such suspensions had been proposed and received in that house . In the first year of King William III . the deliverer of this country from tyranny , the Habeas Corpus was suspended , without any particular case , or any previous examination before parliament . A message was sent down from the throne , and it was stated , that his majesty 's government found it necessary to arrest some suspected persons , but that they were met in their way by the 528 Habeas Corpus Act . The king 's word was taken for granted , and the motion passed . In 1707 , and 1715 , it was also suspended without any examination . In 1722 , no case was made out ; it was stated in the speech from the throne , that a dangerous conspiracy existed in the country ; this was answered by parliament by an address , and the bill of suspension passed the next day . The result of all the precedents was , that it was not usual to establish the facts by evidence before the house of commons . It was only necessary , that the house should have a general belief as to their existence . Could any man open his eyes , and not perceive that the measure was necessary ? As to the duration of time proposed by the noble lord , he should oppose it , because , if the suspension was only to continue six weeks , it might as well not take place at all . He expected no advantage from the measure , unless considered as a permanent one . observed , that in every instance adduced by the hon . and learned