these circumstances , the house would feel no . hesitation in agreeing to the report of their committee on this subject . felt unwilling , after the weighty arguments that had been urged on both sides of the question , to obtrude himself on the attention of the house ; but he was desirous to offer some remarks which had escaped the notice of the gentlemen who had already delivered their sentiments on the subject , he most sincerely hoped that no gent . would give his vote on it who had not heard the able speech of the learned counsel at the bar , and who had not studied with attention the documents on the table . He was in some difficulty with regard to the part he should take in the question . He certainly thought , that very considerable blame attached to the sheriffs for their conduct ; but he could not allow that their motives were corrupt ; and on this point he should feel inclined to differ from the decision of the committee . In his opinion , the right hon . gent . who had commenced the discussion had aggravated the case , by dwelling on circumstances omitted by the committee . The exhibitions to which he alluded were certainly scandalous , but unfortunately in most contested elections , particularly those of Middlesex and Westminster , such outrages were but too frequent . The hon . gent . commented on the evidence of Mr. Adolphus , which , he said , was in some points contradicted by other testimony . He perfectly agreed with the noble lord that the point of most consequence related to the mill voters : had it been his situation , he certainly would not have acted as the sheriffs had done ; but it did not follow that they acted corruptly . He thought most of the statements of the learned gent . who had just sat down , irrefragable ; there were strong proofs of ill temper and passion , exhibited during the election ; he meant only on the part of one of the sherifls , for from this charge Mr. Cone was exonerated . As to the case of Mr. Albion Copper , whom Mr. Silvester had threatened to prosecute , if he had been a wilfully perjured man , would be have been selected as an evidence on behalf of Mr. Mainwaring before the committee ? Though he admitted that were was a difference between a solicitor and a barrister at law , yet Mr. Burcball was no common solicitor ; and if he ware himself a sheriff , he should trust to his advice as soon as to that of many barristers he could name . He knew not Mr. Burchall personally , nor at all until the present transaction , but from his great experience in the affairs of the county , he thought him as capable of 853 giving sound advice touching an election , as any barrister who might be chosen by the sheriffs . It was a general feeling with gentlemen on a charge of this kind , to have a leaning against the returning officers : but if gentlemen would look into the evidence ; they would find , that the sheriffs bad conducted themselves equally and impartially , by adhering firmly to the rules they laid down for their conduct . Though they had acted wrong , he did not think their conduct merited the adoption of any severe resolutions , for it appeared that whatever might have been the riots the poll had never been impeded . He had voted himself , and for the favourite candidate , and was exposed to the abuse of the mob because he appeared without the Colours , though he suffered no violence : If the word corruptly , however , were omitted , he should have no hesitation in agreeing to the report . agreed completely with the noble lord who had been chairman of the committee . That the sheriffs had acted very improperly no man could ' deny . He thought , however , that their1 guilt consisted