that no idle or unnecessary expenditure had occurred . Having made these general observations , the hon . gent . proceeded to the immediate subject on which he had risen to address the house . It would be recollected , that about the end of the year 1800 , the Romney and La Sensible were fitted out for the purpose of co-operating in the expedition to Egypt , which took place in the spring of the subsequent year , and were then under the command of sir Home Popham . About May 1803 , as nearly as he could recollect , these ships returned to this country . Previous to this period , bills from India had reached the admiralty , to the amount of no less than-80,000l . for the repair of these vessels . The admiralty board were naturally astonished at so enormous a charge , and they accordingly instructed the commissioners of the navy board to examine into all the stores and repairs which these vessels had received fom the time of their departure from England , and to call for the several journals in , which accounts of the expenditure had been preserved . On the tone and character of the report made by these commissioners , he had been principally inclined to rest his arguments to the house for the production of the papers , with motions for which he meant to conclude . At the time the Rom- 263 ney sailed , she was stated to be completely provided with stores , of all sorts , for 12 months . Yet , as soon as she reached the Cape of Good Hope , which was before the expiration of 3 months , it was found that fresh supplies of stores were obtained ; and , in the course of the months of Nov. and Dec. other supplies , to the amount of 4,000l . were charged to the public . This was , surely , a very extraordinary charge , but it was one contained in the report of the commissioners of the navy board , and , consequently , worthy of the utmost attention.—The next point to which he wished to direct the attention of the house , was the comparative statement of the journal of the captain , and the several other journals , of the expenditure which had come under the inspection of the commissioners . On this part of the subject it was impossible for him to go into any technical details ; but it would be sufficient to refer generally to the tone and temper of the report , the language of which clearly imported that the journals were both irregular and in many instances contradictory . In the report it was distinctly stated , that articles for the use of the Romney and La Sensible had been purchased at a most enormous rate , and that other articles , on the contrary , had not been accounted for in a satisfactory manner , or rather had been disposed of at less than the 20th part of their real value . Among the charges was one for a 50-hundred-weight anchor , purchased in the room of one which had been lost in the Indian seas . Here , however , a remarkable circumstance occurred , that when the inquiry was instituted at Sheerness as to the state of the Romney , it was stated that when she sailed from England she had the identical anchor which was found on board after her return . While this was mentioned , it did not at all appear that the other anchor , in room of which the 50-hundred-weight anchor was purchased , had ever been lost , or if it was lost , that it had ever been recovered . Even if all the extra expences were to be admitted , there would remain four or five thousand pounds , for which no sort of account is to be discovered in the journals of the boatswain , or elsewhere . It was asserted that the Romney , when she left England , was fully provided for 12 months with all requisite