him as a bar to the return of the right hon . gent . opposite roe to power . I now appeal to air those who acted then merely upon similar views with myself , to concur with me now in voting for the repeal of a measure which has already totally failed , and which they themselves have previously condemned . I surely can not expect them , after all the reprobation expressed of this execrable law , before it had a trial , now having been proved an ineffective , cruel , and oppressive measure , to turn round upon me suddenly , and , without assigning any new reason , say , 'This is a good , a just , and a very humane law ! ' I implore them not to act in such a manner as to make us ashamed of having opposed the measure on its first proposal . It would not be regular in me to allude to any thing which may have passed in debate in another place , where I am told a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) did not speak , of this measure in such a manner as I might have expected from him ; but , perhaps , noble lords , when transferred to the other house , may not think themselves so much pledged to what has passed here , as we do who remain . Let all these descriptions of gentlemen to whom I have alluded , put their hands to their hearts ; and say , as men of honour , whether , if the late reconciliation had not taken place between the noble lord alluded to , and the right hon . gent . opposite me , they would not vote with me on the present question ? If so , how can they reconcile any opposition to my motion , with the opinions they before so loudly proclaimed , and which , after the trial , has justified the condemnation they before pronounced upon it ? It is evident this bill is a bill of excessive taxation . If the war is to be vigorously prosecuted till we can obtain a safe , and an honourable peace , additional burdens must be laid upon the people ; and if so , never was there a moment when it behoved us to be more cautious how we lay them on , so that the people may not only bear them with cheerfulness , but pay them with willingness . I remember the day when the character of the independent country gentlemen , for whom certainly no man can have more respect than I have , stood much higher in this house and in the country , than it does at present . I hope they will this night recollect , that their rank and reputation never were diminished , till they were sunk during the seventeen years of the former 746 administration of the author of this measure , whose corrupt and unprincipled system of bestowing titles to the number of more than one moiety of the other branch , of the legislature , at the same time lowered the ancient dignity of the peerage , and impaired and undermined the independence of the house of commons , and the confidence reposed in it by the people of the country . I know that it is sometimes represented as invidious to deal in distinctions between one description of members and another ; but , it would be unmanly in me , feeling as I do , to abstain from them , when , by detaching from this house , those to whom the mass of the people look with most veneration and confidence , there is a gradual introduction into the constitution of the anomaly of a popular assembly , uncontrolable by the sentiments of the people . I therefore once more coujure the country gentlemen to keep themselves , on this occasion , aloof from all party prejudices . Let us endeavour to regain the conifidence of the people , without which we can bring nothing to a successful issue in this great