they declared their intention to accede to these terms ; and if any thing 460 could strengthen my case , it is that circumstance . From the discussion of this point , and others equally important , gentlemen start to find fault with the conduct of their country . I have no objection to the quarrels with these papers , and the causes of the war . Let them proceed in their own way ; no one has any desire to stop them ; but I do say , that they have uttered sentiments unfavourable to their country , founded on nothing else than the miserable and wretched confession which they attempted to produce in our statements . Whether or not this is a conduct consistent with their duty to their country I call upon that country to judge . These mild advocates for peace , these pretended enemies of war , have little or no hesitation in adopting any mode of argument or making any assertion , provided they succeed in thwarting the measures of govt . or in censuring the conduct of those entrusted with the direction of public affairs . That system of patience and forbearance , which , in my opinion , in this instance , is so honourable to his majesty 's servants , has been the subject of irony and ridicule with gentlemen on the opposite side of the house . But that forbearance we had resolved to carry to a certain extent , and no farther . We had given intimation to this effect to the Spanish govt . and we consequently were not to blame for acting as the emergency required . We had frequently apprised them of the danger of forcing us to a rupture ; and his maj. 's servants shewed a degree of forbearance which evinced their wishes to prevent the effusion of blood , by recommending a strong adherence to the conditions of the neutrality ; they certainly deserved praise , not censure . Whatever gentlemen might allege , the Spanish govt . by a violation of those conditions , had rendered themselves liable to our explanation of their conduct , consequently to all the consequences of a rupture , should that be deemed unavoidable . After the warnings which we had given the ministers of the court of Spain , they were at last subject to our discretion . That lenity and moderation , however , which had marked our conduct towards Spain , continued till our interest and honour were endangered , and thence arose the war , and from , thence we may date all its consequences . When I find the hon . gent , and his friends endeavouring to circulate topics of detraction on this 461 occasion , it is necessary for me to set myself right against such misrepresentations . The cause of this war has been denied . That cause , however , was very obvious , and the agreement or condition of neutrality having been once violated , that circumstance formed the basis of the war . What were the conditions ? The arguments of my hon . and learned friend have so clearly defined them , that to go over the same grounds would only serve to weaken their effect . The hon . gent , has insinuated that my hon . and learned friend argued only from a loose conversation . That gent . is not very apt to argue from such weak materials ; and , therefore , I must take the liberty of denying the truth of his allegations . The conditions of the neutrality to which I am obliged so often to recur , are so clearly expressed , that little or no doubt can be entertained on the subject . They positively declare that there shall be no armament , as an armament would be considered a sufficient cause for war . If there were no conditions expressed or understood , as the hon . gent . has maintained , any argument on that head would be ridiculous in the highest degree . It was also stated , that should there be at any