printed papers , but in them there is no mention of it . In the country of Guzzerat , to the north west of Bombay , there is a prince called the Gwicowar : a part of his territory has been ceded to the company , partly to make good the pay of our subsidiary force stationed at Poona , and for no other objects of indemnification . Out of that fund we ought to have received a considerable revenue ; but to that prince the govt . of Bombay have lent a sum not much less than 360,000l . The documents relative to this extraordinary transaction , I think , ought to have been laid before the house under the orders already given , which would save time and trouble ; if not , it must be the subject of a particular motion . had no objection to the production of the papers the hon . gent , had referred to , but was sorry the hon . gent , had introduced other circumstances that were not necessarily connected with the motion . The observations he had thrown out respecting the defeat of that unfortunate detachment went , the house would feel , to involve the character of an officer , whose conduct was now the subject of military inquiry . But , considering this event in a more general view , he did not see that it afforded so much room for complaint as the hon . gent . would , have us believe . Great successes had been obtained in other quarters , which much more than counterbalanced that unfortunate circumstance . The hon . gent , had also gone out of his way in the observations he had made respecting the territories that had been ceded as indemnities , and the sums granted to a prince of the Guzzerat . These , the noble lord thought , would come more properly under discussion when the India budget should be submitted to the house . He had no objection , however , that the house should be in possession of all the information the hon . gent . could wish . Indeed , the qualification the hon . gent , himself had annexed to his motion , removed every objection that could be made to it , as he wishes only to have such papers as may not interfere with the arrangements of govt . or put them in an awkward predicament in regard to the quarter from which they may have received secret information . I beg leave to assure the house that I had no thoughts of reflecting 51 on the officer to whose misfortune I have alluded . I do not even know his name , nor is it possible that any thing said of him , at this time and at this distance , can affect his situation or character in India . My sole object in mentioning the fact was to justify the motion , and to exculpate myself from having intruded on the house without a strong case , or without sufficient reason.—The question was then put and agreed to.—Adjourned . rose and stated , that in consequence of a gross misrepresentation of the nature and object of the present bill , which had been allowed to go abroad , he found it necessary , both for the public information , and that those unfortunate persons who might suppose that they were meant to be relieved by the bill might not be deceived , or entertain false hopes , to explain the whole extent of the object which he had in view , in submitting this bill to their lordships ' consideration . The bill now on their lordships ' table , was not meant to extend in the most distant degree the benefits of the act of last session to any persons not expressly and in the true spirit and meaning of the act , comprehended in the bill passed last session . In fact , the insertion of a single word , or rather of a single letter ( `` prisons '' for `` prison '' ) into that