by the noble lord . 524 Want of time had never been alleged by his majesty 's govt . as the cause for passing this bill without inquiry , but that they felt , what parliament in eight instances put of eleven , since the year 1798 , had likewise shewn they felt , that evident notoriety superseded all necessity for inquiry . Since that year , only three cases had occurred out of eleven , in which it was deemed expedient to institute committees of inquiry . He would not go over the same ground again which had so frequently been trodden . Gentlemen did not deny that there might be cases in which notoriety would be considered as sufficient ground for the suspension . The hon . baronet opposite ( sir J. Newport ) had stated that to be his opinion ; and as for the right hon . gent . near him ( Mr. Windham ) , it was unnecessary to ask him to state his opinion ; his conduct when he had the pleasure of acting with him , was a sufficient proof of that opinion . If the existence of a war with France , if the designs avowed by that power to invade Ireland , if the evident preparations of extensive means for that purpose , if the hopes of success entertained by the enemy are founded on the prospect of co-operation by the disaffected in Ireland , if , as a proof that such are their expectations , regiments of refugees have been formed , and bands of Irish interpreters , guides , & c. collected , all acting under the inspection of an Irish committee at Paris ; if all these circumstances did not constitute notoriety , he really did not know what would . The going into an inquiry would lay open secrets that it was material should not be disclosed ; as the disclosure would be attended with danger to the lives of individuals . On these grounds he could not consent to the formation of a precedent for instituting an inquiry , when the notoriety was such as to preclude all necessity for it . said , he was willing to allow that there had been many cases in which the notoriety was sufficient , without any particular investigation of the circumstances ; such , for instance , as the rebellions in 1715 , and 1745 , when the king sent down a message to the house , which was considered a sufficient ground . In 1803 , likewise , when the rebellion in . Ireland was notorious . It was the duty of parliament , before they agreed to so extraordinary a measure , to make strict inquiry , unless they had very strong grounds indeed , such as he had just mentioned . 525 He did not wish to see unconstitutional power placed in any hands , however small the chance of its being abused . During the administrations of Lord Somers , Lord Coke , and Lord Raymond , a person had been imprisoned 40 years by government in Newgate . observed , that that person had been confined by different special acts of parliament , and not by a suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , which did not at that time take place . conceived the amendment of the noble lord not to have been clearly understood , as the objection he made was not perhaps at all , but certainly not so much to the measure itself , as to its being adopted without a previous parliamentary enquiry . The right hon . chancellor of the exchequer had done him the honour to state Ins conduct on a former occasion , when he certainly adopted the measure upon public notoriety , because the danger was present , and staring them in the face ; but the right hon . gent . must recollect , that even then he expressed his opinion that an enquiry should first be instituted , but that he was overruled by that right hon . gent . himself , and others , on the ground that the danger was