description of the crimes to which corporal punishment should attach in the army , have the effect of preventing men from entering into or remaining in it ; but quite the contrary.—The soldier will not be afraid of that which no good soldier will deserve : but it would certainly be a considerable alleviation to a soldier 's mind to be always able to say , `` If I go to parade with a button off my coat , or happen to be a minute or two too late , I shall not be in danger of being tried by a court martial , or of suffering any immediate punishment that is degrading to the feelings and spirit of a soldier . '' It was in these small intermediate points of duty , that were of but little consequence in themselves comparatively speaking , that he thought punishments might be modified , and alleviated , with the greatest and happiest effect.—He then adverted to certain , in- 611 centives , which he thought might be applied with considerable propriety and effect , in stimulating soldiers to a keener and more active sense of their duty . The profession of a soldier was such as exposed him to the most imminent danger , and he who had any apprehension of that , was not fit for the profession , nor should ever think of entering into it . He allowed , that , circumstanced as this country now is , it is impossible to increase the pay of the army ; in that respect , we had unfortunately arrived at the ne plus ultra . But was there nothing else , he asked , could be found worthy to be substituted as an equivalent to an additional 5d . or 6d . a day ? was there no such thing as contriving to put by part of the bounty , to be paid on the expiration of the service , instead of the beginning , as a stimulus to the valuable and true soldier , and to operate as a reward to his family , in case any accident should happen to him . The bounty , he said , generally acted both ways , and he feared there was not above one man in eight , or at most in seven , that really deserved it . But there were other things , which operated as incentives , as powerfully , or perhaps more so , than money . Suppose we should give him a right to vote in particular cases , or even suppose we should go still further , and allow him to kill game , for instance , as a stimulus to be a true soldier , and thereby deserve preferment ; suppose a serjeaut should be allowed to kill game ? This would be no unprecedented method of holding forth inducements independent of pay . In France the soldier was always , during the ancient govt . entitled to a particular row in the theatre . Was it not to be supposed , he asked , that such grants or remunerations as those he had mentioned , would operate in this country as they had done in others , and not only be a means of drawing men into the army , but of making them good and attentive to their duty , while , they were in it ? For his own part , he could not entertain the most distant doubt of it.—It now remained only for him to touch as briefly as possible on the several objections which might , perhaps , be made to these different alterations and points of reform , which he had taken the liberty to suggest to the house , as applicable to the present state of the forces , and the peculiar circumstances of the country at the present moment . One of those was that this change will require time , 612 and that at present we have none to spare . This was an old argument , he said , but it weighed very little with him . In order to act as we ought