applied to horses legs , till the Veterinary College taught us better , giving temporary relief , but causing the complaint to relapse with increased force . Thus our state farriers , when the amount of the militia rendered the regular recruiting so dear , expected to relieve us by giving us more militia . In 1772 officers were threatened to be dismissed the service if they gave so much as two guineas bounty . In 1782 , after its vast rise in the American war , it was again reduced to 3½ , and the whole of that was not given in money . In the following war , when the militia was formed as it were into a regular army , and few served , who were not substitutes , the bounties became enormously high . Then came the pernicious system of raising men for rank , by which men who were only cornets , and even men who had never been in the army , were made colonels . In raising men the bounties had been brought to such an excess that it was necessary to threaten with dismissal those who gave more than 15 guineas . Then the Scotch and Irish militia were instituted and the latter was carried to the amount of 28,000 . Next came the supplementary militia , and afterwards the provisional cavalry . This last was a thing of so short a duration , that it had slipped his memory at first , but it had left effects not to be forgotten . It passed over the country like a blight . It was like a hustle at a fair , which one got through in a moment , and did not think of it afterwards , till he found he had lost his watch . It was a pleasant conceit , to make every man ride another man 's horse , till at length , when the men and horses were all brought together , no man knew how to mount , and so they all separated . From the effects of all these proceedings , the bounty was raised to 60 or 70 , or even 80 guineas , and there was no reliance for an adequate and permanent supply after all . Then the establishment of the militia and army of reserve to the amount of 140,000 men , entirely choked the regular and ordinary sources . It was an hon . colonel who was now absent , ( Colonel Craufurd ) , and other gentlemen at that side of the house , who had given its 600 beneficial qualities to this Army of Reserve . Act , so that whatever effect it had came from that side of the house , and he at his friends might say , like critic Dennis , `` that is my thunder . '' Thus he had traced the mischief down from the American war . The ballot was a principle which must of necessity exhaust itself , and it must have been exhausted where a measure which was calculated to produce 50,000 men , could by no possibility be made to produce more than 37,000 . Applying it further was like giving physic to a man whose stomach would not hold it , and who immediately vomited it off . The ministers who had acted upon it till it stopped , were not , however to be blamed . They had only tried a known and established principle as far as it could go , . Having made the peace of Amiens , having suffered Bonaparte to overrun the Continent , and having made war when this ' country could be nothing but a besieged island , that minister had recourse to this measure as the bow of Ulysses , which he made such use of that Adam Bell , and the other celebrated archers of old , were nothing to him . At length the force was so spent , that nothing more could be done , and as soon as this great archer fired the arrow , it fell at his feet . The friends of the noble lord