3 should appear to be unsound , the 4th , which was a consequence deduced from them , must vanish of course . Now , us to the corrupt motive alleged , he could not conceive any allegation more unfounded , and unless that motive should appear to the house to have actuated the conduct of those gentlemen , it was impossible that it could come to a decision grounded upon the resolutions of the committee . The questions for the house to consider were these , whether the sheriffs had done their duty according to the best of their ability ; whether in the situation in which they were placed , they could have done better ; whether , without the power of investigating a case of difficulty by the examination of witnesses , having no authority of administering an oath to any person but the freeholder , and only that with respect to his freehold , they were right in resorting to that course which accorded with the usual practice at , elections , and which was prescribed by the law . Sheriffs were , the house would bear in mind , generally incompetent , from the nature of their education , to decide upon matters of law ; and , this in competency was more naturally to be expected in the sheriffs of Middlesex than among the country gentlemen , as many of the former were persons who rose from success , perhaps , in mechanical professions , to the office of sheriffs . However , in consequence of this general in competency , great indulgence was due to mistakes of sheriffs where no corruption appeared ; otherwise an office which held out no profit , but rather great expence and trouble , would be au extremely dangerous post . The sheriffs in this as in other cases of election , chose proper persons to assist ; them , by their judgment on questions of law . That those persons were not wrong in the advice they gave in the disputed points which the house were , about to examine , would appear , he believed , very clearly from a revision of the acts of the 7th of Henry VI . the 7lh and 8th of Wm , III . the 10th of Anne , and the 18th of Geo , II . which pointed out the regulations relative to the administration of the freeholders oath ; also the resolutions of the House , of Commons , on the York and 841 Dorset cases in 1625 . From those latter ; and other decisions referred to by Serjeant Glanville , the power of the sheriff was defined ; and it was confined to this , that when objection was made to a freeholder tendering his vote , the sheriffs having no power to inquire judicially into the objections , they had no criterion to recur to but the path of such freeholder as to the value and time of possession , and such other points as are prescribed in the act of the 18th Geo . II . Such was the course adopted by his clients , and that course they uniformly followed throughout the election , as well with respect to the voters on one side as on the other . It appeared from the evidence of Messrs. Bushnell and Burchell , who assisted his clients with their advice , that a meeting took place the night before the election , at which a rule was laid down , among other arrangements , that in every case of objection to a voter , the voter 's oath should be the criterion of decision , and that should the voter persist in tendering his vote , that vote should be received unless it came within the knowledge of the sheriffs or their assessors , that the party claiming had no right to vote . From this rule his clients never swerved ; upon the ground of this rule , they admitted the voters from the inns of court and the public offices in favour of Mr. Mainwaring ; on the same rule they admitted the mill