system were not suffered to relax a moment . In this spirit was the dispatch of Ld . Harrowby to Mr. Frere , wherein he instructs him to ascertain , as far as possible , the real state of the armaments in the different naval depots in Spain , as well as subsequent documents to which he particularly referred , and which evinced , not only the vigilance , but the anxiety of the British govt . to preserve the relations of amity with Spain . He pointed out the evasive conduct of the Spanish govt . particularly the allegation of M. d'Anduaga with respect to the destination of the armaments at Ferrol , namely , that they were to suppress an insurrection which had broken out in Biscay ; this assertion was alledged to be made on the information conveyed by an officer , whose regiment was among the troops ordered for that purpose . But , he would ask , was such a communication to be deemed authoritative or satisfactory under the circumstances of the case ? Certainly not ! It was more rational to suppose other objects were in view . Nothing which sound and vigorous policy dictated was left undone by the Brit , govt . The Spanish ministers were repeatedly called upon explicitly to declare the nature and extent of their engagements with France ; and at the same time , they were required to reduce their naval armaments to the state they were in at the commencement of the hostilities between G. Brit , and France . This proposition was spiritedly urged by the British blockading officer , who said , `` unship your guns , and it will be considered as disarming ; your lying a little farther in the road is no disarming at all . '' No satisfactory answer could be obtained 343 on this head . They deemed it not prudent to declare the real state of their engagements with France , and they did not dare , bona fide , to disown that the influence of the French ambassador , Bournonville , preponderated ; and it was not too much to advance , that the whole was temporizing , until the arrival of their treasure . Under such circumstances , in which a system of delay and evasion on the part of Spain was apparent , G. Brit , was forced to depart from that system which , while moderation was safe , or forbearance honourable , she had scrupulously adhered to . He hoped and trusted , that the opinion which was already marked as that of the country , with respect to these transactions , would be felt in that house . He hoped and he believed , that his noble friends opposite to him were incapable of proceeding upon a false ground of opposition that night , on a question which involved the interests and the honour of their country . He trusted these grounds of opposition , if such was determined on , would be on the merits alone of the transactions themselves . There was one circumstance which he should not think it necessary at all to mention , as making no part whatever of the case , had it not been touched upon by a noble friend of his on a former night ; he meant the detention of the frigates , respecting which he conceived it impossible , informed as their lordships were , to have the least dispute . They alt knew that transaction was entirely unconnected with the cause of the war ; it made no part whatever of the discussion , and was not even known at Madrid , until the Brit . minister had quitted that capital . The transaction , he hesitated not to aver , was , by the law of nations , by arguments drawn from analogy , or on grounds of obvious expediency , completely justifiable . And farther , the previous relative situation of the country would have called for the proceeding . The case of 1761 afforded a parallel , but with this difference in favour of the present instance ; in