with your Majesty in the satisfaction which your Majesty derives from the many proofs of the internal wealth and prosperity of the country ; and your Majesty may depend upon our constant and animated endeavours to maintain and improve these advantages , and at the same time to take all such measures , as , by enabling your Majesty to prosecute the war with vigour , may afford the best prospect e of bringing it to a sale and honourable termination . '' rose to second the address , and spoke as follows : —My lords ; after the most gracious speech we have this day heard delivered from the throne , and the extensive view which the noble lord has just taken of the address he has proposed , it will be unnecessary for me to trouble you with a long discussion of the subject under debate . But , as an Englishman , it 9 is impossible not to view with exultation and confidence the exalted situation which this country at present enjoys.—Secure at home , and respected abroad , we may hear with tranquillity those vain-glorious boastings of our enemy , which in no single instance have been carried into effect : contented with a display of vessels and troops , he has not dared even to attempt the expedition he has so loudly proclaimed . His fleets and his flotilla have constantly remained under the protecting cannon of his own shores.—The long continuation of peace with Spain has been matter of much greater surprise to the public , than the declaration of war we have so lately heard . The declaration was reduced to a mere question of prudence : and our having so long abstained from that declaration , affords a strong presumption of our pacific disposition . Supplies in money , unauthorized by treaty , had been requested by Trance , and granted by Spain . Nor were they likely to be refused ; her counsels and her riches , her Sleets and her armies had long , been subject to French despotism . Nor could peace with Spain continue for a moment after the interest 's of France demanded war . Fresh engagements were entered into by France and Spain , and all explanation to us of the nature of , those engagements utterly refused.—In this state of things , were we quietly to wait the convenience of France and Spain ? Were we to conduct the contest in the mode best suited to their wishes ? Were we to become the willing dupes of fallacious promises , and by forbearance , almost assist in supplying-Spanish wealth for the payment of those armies , which within sight of our coasts were threatening our ruin ? Or were we , by a manly and decisive conduct , to strike at the root of the evil , and anticipate the open hostility of Spain , by seizing those treasures which the French had put in requisition with the view of employing them for our destruction ? Self-preservation seemed to demand the conduct which has been followed : and I have little doubt , that when the papers and documents are laid on your table , your lordships and the public will applaud the measure from a conviction of its justice.—With respect to the communications lately sent from France , it would be a waste of your lordships ' time , were I to enter at large on a proposal the precise terms and extent of which are not made known to the house . But thus much at least we may decide : 10 that whatever may be the change of disposition which it may profess , our preparations and exertions should experience no relaxation . I would at this moment neither raise nor depress the hope of such a peace as the interest and humanity of this country equally demand ; but peace to be a blessing must bring with it a moral and well-founded assurance of lasting and mutual benefit ; not that false and hollow security which at best can tend only to feverish repose ; peace in words , malignant hostility