strongly contended for the importance of having such explanations as look place at different conferences alluded to in the dispatches laid before the house . The explanations contained in the conferences of the 9th and the 30th of March , must , from the language of the letter of the 1st of May , have been highly interesting , and ought , by all means , to be produced . The chanc . of the excheq . had indeed stated , that mere notes , presented by an ambassador , perhaps merely offering a private opinion , and not authorized by his court , could not afford any information to the house . He , for his part , begged leave to argue that this was not a fair view of the subject . It was not possibe to conceive from the language of the Spanish ambassador , when alluding to explanations which had taken place at conferences , that he delivered in unauthorized notes . It was , on the contrary , quite evident that he alluded to authorized explanations , in which he laid down the principles and views of his court . It was impossible to believe that the notes which passed on such occasion were uninteresting . The presumption was certainly directly the reverse , and the house ought to have an opportunity of exercising their judgment on the subject . He was therefore anxious for the production , of all such explanations as would tend to 229 throw light on this most interesting subject . There was in the perusal of the papers a circumstance which puzzled him considerably , and which required a good deal of explanation . Our minister , Mr. Frere , in a letter of the 12th of Nov. stated , that in consequence of some discussions with the prince of peace , he should demand a conference . Now it was a matter of some consequence to ascertain whether ever this conference took place , and if it did take place , what was the result of it , or what explanation it produced . It was hardly to be supposed that it should not have been demanded after Mr. Frere , in a letter to the sec . for the foreign department , had expressed an opinion of its expediency . But the house had not a tittle of information on the subject . He wished to have this deficiency , with those pointed out by his hon . friend , fully supplied , previous to entering on the general question . argued , that the notes given in by the Spanish ambassador at the conferences alluded to , were , if not official , at most , important documents . They were representations of the principles and policy of the Spanish govt . and in that light were highly requisite to guide the judgment of the house . That they were merely minutes and not signed in the usual diplomatic , style was a matter of no consideration . Their spirit was not on account of their form at all affected . He should therefore , to-morrow , move for copies of the notes delivered , and of explanations which took place at those conferences to which the Spanish ambassador in his letters alluded . Here the discussion terminated , and shortly after , presented to the house some further papers relative to the war with Spain ; which were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . The following are correct copies of the said papers : said , it became his duty to call the attention of the house to 248 the different parts of the military establishment of the empire . He was satisfied to , think , that he should not detain the house long . Following the example of those who preceded him in his office , some of whom he was proud to imitate , he should content himself with noticing those in which a variation had taken place in the charge . The principle increase of the charge had occurred in consequence of the addition of 29