and distress , who was glad to catch at , or lay hold of , every thing that presented itselt , 794 however slight and powerless , in order to extricate himself . His lordship then proceeded to a detailed consideration of the subject , and first adverted to the measures of increasing the militia , and the creation of what was called the Army of Reserve , the prominent effects of which were to raise the bounties to an extravagantly high rate , and which eventually enhanced the difficulties in procuring the men . In point of financial economy , this measure was to be strongly reprobated , as it gave , in the first instance , an extravagantly high premium to men to engage for limited service ; and caused , necessarily , to be superadded a large additional bounty to enlist them for general service . He then proceeded to the consideration of the ballot system , which , in the mode it was carried on , he highly censured , particularly its effects upon the agricultural concerns of the country , and the irregularity of its operation , by which one county was oppressed to supply the deficiencies of another . Taking this part of the subject in another point of view , it was equally exceptionable , for , it would be found , that the number of men procured by the ballots for personal service was next to nothing . To illustrate this position , he could not do more than refer to what he deemed an unquestionable authority upon the subject viz . a printed speech of the present Chancellor of the Exchequer , in which , speaking of the numbers procured by the ballots , he estimates the whole at 40,000 , out of which , 2000 were obtained for personal service , and the remaining very disproportionate number of 38,000 men were hired substitutes . This consideration alone , the noble lord thought sufficient to overthrow any arguments that might be urged in favour of the Army of Reserve . Adverting to the line of argument adopted by ministers , when ever subjects like the present were discussed , and particular parts of their system pointedly objected to , he observed , their mode of defence was , not to answer or obviate the objections fairly or separately ; but , to refer to the aggregate amount of the whole military force , in which care was always taken to include the volunteers . This he deemed a fallacious mode of defence , and not calculated to obviate objections which were too well founded . The merits of the question at issue , even admitting of the correctness of the official documents laid before parliament , were decidedly in favour of his conclusions . By 795 these , he contended , it would appear , that the infantry force , by far the most important , particularly in a disposable line , so far from being augmented , had actually decreased last year ; he alluded to the infantry force in G. Britain ; this might be seen by a reference to what was stated as the amount of the infantry in Jan. 1804 , and what it was by the latest returns of the present year . In referring to these , as well as to some accounts respecting the land forces in an early period of the late war , viz.1794 , he observed , that though the aggregate force , including cavalry , and foreign troops , was augmented to an amount exceeding 11,000 ; yet , as he contended , the British infantry were 800 less . To this was to be added , another consideration , namely , that a comparatively small part of this infantry force was for general service ; the amount of those who were enlisted for general service , did not exceed 53,000 men : this was not all , these men , from the terms of their engagements , might be sentout of the country ; but under its present circumstances , would it be prudent or safe to send the