time a violation of the conditions of neutrality , that would not only be a cause for war , but for an immediate war , if decreed necessary , and that no declaration would on such an emergency be requisite . Mr. Frere therefore found himself necessitated to give intimation to the court of Spain , that , until a satisfactory explanation should be given , the alternative of war must be resorted to . Gentlemen are therefore mistaken when they suppose that we have been guilty of any act of precipitancy towards Spain . She had sufficient notice of our resolution to proceed to war , unless prevented by a satisfactory explanation . But it was not only evident that such an armament as that alluded to was preparing with every expedition , but that it was destined to unite its strength to that of the enemy . As the British govt . had warned Spain of the consequences if she persisted in those hostile preparations , the latter was therefore responsible for all the calamities which might ensue . We had something more , substantial than mere appearances ; for to have acted on mere appearances , without the best and most convincing proofs , would have been childish in the extreme , and justly deserving of the ridi- 462 cule and indignation which the hon . gent . on the opposite side bestowed on the supposed errors of govt . The gentlemen on the opposite side , have denied that there were any good grounds for the military contingency of which govt . complained . They admitted that in Biscay troops had been sent by land , but then the cause assigned for the assemblement of these troops was the insurrection in Biscay . It was curious to see how the gentlemen changed their opinions concerning the information which they received . Whenever it was convenient , they denied the validity of the intelligence received through the medium of adm. Cochrane , but admitted that of Mr. Frere . The adoption of this principle arose from their sometimes finding that Mr. Frere 's information made for their argument , and that adm. Cochrane 's made against it . It was thus they pretended to disbelieve the facts advanced by the latter respecting the armament . The gallant adm. gave this notice to govt . when stating the existence and nature of this armament : `` most of the crews live in the vicinity of Ferrol ; and they have , it is said , leave granted until the 15th of next month . I must , however , remark , that they can be assembled at any time within a few hours . '' Was not this ample evidence of the armament ? It was pretended never to have been fitted out against us , although no other explanation has ever been since given . Another point put by the hon gent . is upon the situation of Spain . He asks whether we can believe that Spain would go to war at a time when she was smarting under all the miseries of pestilence and famine ? The hon . gent . observes , that on the subject of the Family Compact their rights were concerned , and they had an object to look to , and that they might adopt the views of France , but now they have no such motive , but on the contrary they are suffering from French connection ; that they now dread France ; and which I believe they do , as much at least , if not more , than they hate her . Do we know so little of the conduct of the govt . of France as to suppose-that the inconvenience , the distress , or the misery of Spain would be a reason that would operate in the councils of France against her passion , her caprice , and her inordinate and extravagant ambition ? She felt that circumstances gave her an opportunity of indulging either . Are we so lost to all means of conjecturing how she would 463 conduct herself towards others ,