observation , which tended only to aggravate , whilst the officer , the object of the discussion , had professed his extreme desire to enter into the investigation of his conduct ; and for a full disclosure of facts , by the production of every information . He concurred with what an hon . friend of his , a member of the present admiralty board , had said , relating to the last sentence of the report of the navy board ; and must think the case was decided by that board on ex parte evidence . But what he most of all wished at that moment was , that gent , would , in candour and fairness , forego the investigation of a subject , the necessary evidence on which they had not before them . said , he did not mean to go into any discussion on the present occasion . He could not , however , admit that the light hon . gent . who had just sat down was entitled to blame the hon . gent . for the manner in which he had introduced the subject . The hon . member had introduced no observations but such as were strictly connected with the object he had in view . His object was to persuade the house of the propriety of having the papers produced ; and was it not for that purpose necessary to employ some arguments ? When papers were called for , was it not always previously required that a case should be made out to the house ? But the right . hon . gent . had argued that there was no necessity for argument , because the hon . officer did not , oppose the production of the papers . He felt himself called upon to protest against such doccrine . It was not parliamentary , and he trusted it would never be admitted by the house . It was not fit that the house should hear of the production of papers merely because it happened to suit the inclination of the parties . He was not displeased that the hon . officer had shewn himself willing to go into the enquiry ; yet , perhaps , if he had not talked so much of his own innocence , and of the guilt of the late board , it would not have been the 272 worse for his cause . What most surprised him , however , was the observation of the right hon . gent . ; for when himself , and other friends of his , have moved for papers for the defence of their very nearest relations , the right hon . gent . has told them , that they must first make out a case , and next he has got his own friends to move , the previous question ; so debarring them of information . This subject was altogether very well worthy the attention of the bouse1 and the country . allowed the truth of part of the hon . gent . 's observations , but added , that when it was understood , as it certainly had been , that no opposition to the motion was intended , it certainly became less necessary to enter into particulars , much less into an aggravated statement of them . confirmed as he was in his own opinion by that of his hon . friend , did not deem it necessary to make any apology to the house for what he had said , He had merely stated what was contained in the report of the navy board ; if it were proved false , no man would more willingly retract . With regard to the statement , that the navy board had adopted an unusual mode of proceeding in this affair , it was untrue . The same had taken place when that board had investigated the conduct of sir R. King , sir A. Mitchell , sir R. Bicker-ton , and capt . Cook , of the ship La Forte , It would afford him the sincerest satisfaction , could the hon . officer clear