its institution . Was there any thing absurd , surprising , or mischievous , in the arrangement for employing men whose occupations prevented them from engaging in the disposable force at home , and thereby setting free so much of the disposable force to be employed abroad ? A great objection to this levy was , that it professed to raise the men first for limited service , and afterwards to leave them free to enter into the regulars . But if he understood right what his right hon . friend had urged , when the army of reserve act was under consideration , he had recommended to allow the men to enlist from it into the line . For himself he could not discover what the absurdity was in supposing that the men would be induced to enter for unlimited service in the first instance ; and that afterwards , from the force of acquired habits , the influence of example , and attachment to their officers , they might be induced to take the second step . His right hon . friend had argued , that a limitation of time would operate as a strong temptation to them to enter even for general service , but was- not there equal reason to suppose , that a limitation of place would also operate as a temptation ? He could not conceive why the first limitation should act as a direct temptation , and the other in the inverse ratio . If either was to have any effect , both combined must have a greater , for it could not be supposed that both together should fail when one was irresistible . With respect to the limitation 620 of the time of service , there were many different opinions ; and he should not venture to hazard any , though he could not but admit , that it was a subject which would be productive of many difficulties in the detail in the committee . Any body might see that a great variety of difficulties would occur . If the change were to be made in time of war , and the condition to be extended to all at present serving , would not the offer be a boon to one , whilst it would be a mischief or a punishment to another ? But should they begin from the present moment , how were they to proceed ? were the new levies to be in corporated with the old battalions ? what a source of disquietude , heart burnings , and dissatisfaction ? were they to be disposed of in separate battalions ? then they would come to the present bill , and do that precisely which it professed.—He bad no hesitation in saying that the idea of a colonial army met his approbation , without exception even of the black corps . But any body who looked to the population of the colonies must perceive that it was impossible there to supply the army , and it would therefore be necessary to recruit in Europe . Mark the consequences of restricting the army from service in her colonies . Would the other powers of Europe follow the example ? Supposing the army of St. Domingo to attack Jamaica , would it be wise to tie up the disposable force of this country in Europe , and suffer one of the most valuable of its possessions to be destroyed ? As to the other parts of his right hon . friend 's speech , without any intention of disrespect to him , he did not think them of much importance . Among the suggestions of his right hon . friend there were some , which among an enthusiastic and romantic people , might be very well received ; but he would put it to the candour of his right hon . friend , whether if instead of the bill of last session it had been proposed by ministers , as an encouragement to enlisting , that soldiers , should have a box at the play , or serjeants should be allowed to shoot partridges , that right hon .