. If they were fitted out for an hostile purpose , and if they did threaten mischief , where was our vigorous and efficient administration of whom we had heard so much ? Were they so limited in their means , that they could not afford to send out three ships to prevent any urgent danger to be feared from these three half-manned Spanish vessels ? Admitting , 435 however , every possible appearance of hostility to attach to the armament at Ferrol , still it was possible that the object was innocent , and might possibly receive a full and : satisfactory explanation ; but , under these circumstances , what course did ministers pursue ? They adopted a course that precluded the possibility of all explanation . They sent out orders to the West Indies to Capture Spanish vessels ; orders that could not be recalled in time , even in case of a subsequent satisfactory explanation , and were consequently so far final and decisive . In fact , no demand of explanation was made of M. d'Anduaga until the orders were sent off , and explanation must have come too late to prevent their being carried into execution . Leaving the question of explanation , however , aside , he Contended that the Measures adopted by our govt . Ought to have been commensurate with the danger , if any such really existed , and ought not to have exceeded the necessity of the case . Consequently , the act of hostility to which we had recourse , having gone far beyond that necessity , was utterly indefensible . But then we are told that French soldiers and sailors were marched across the Spanish territory to mail the French vessels at Ferr'ol , and that this was an unquestionable breach of neutrality , if put as an abstract , general case . But what were the particular circumstances under which it occurred in the present instance ? The Spanish minister declared in his letter , that gen. Bournonville had obtained leave to march 1600 men across the Spanish territory . And Mr. Frere had written to lord Hawkesbury , communicating the circumstance , without receiving in answer any instructions to consider it as an act of hostility . In that light , however , it was afterwards thought fit to view it , for the measures adopted by our govt . in consequence , could be considered as nothing else than acts of hostility . It is idle to call our conduct a system of precaution ; it was actual hostility , and is entitled to no other name , Mr. Frere 's departure from Madrid was in the same spirit . He was not justified in coming away when he did , as his own dispatch admitted , that the Spanish minister had expressed his hope to be able to shew that the object of the armament was perfectly innocent in relation to this country , and the sincerity of this declaration was the less to be suspected , as Mr. B. Frere had expressed , in one of his letters , his belief that the armament was destined against the Biscayans . 436 With these reasons against an Hostile construction upon the proceeding , and to induce a favourable interpretation , Mr. Frere had no right to take a strong ground , and say to Spain , you shall not move even a single ship out of one of your own ports , even to chastise your rebellious subjects , as if it were impossible that such could be the real object . His own dispatch evidently implied a possibility that an innocent cause might be made out ; and if so , he had no right to take a definite and decided step , in opposition to any such possible case . But what followed ? Lord Harrow by , in his conversation with M , d'Anduaga , declared that the capture of the Spanish treasure was only a measure of precaution . Was it then right , he would ask , that we should proceed in every part of the world ,