judges pronouncing upon the verdict of a jury constituted a material difference , but it was to be observed , that a committee formed in cases of this sort , with relation to the house , a constitutional tribunal tantamount to a jury . On the ground of analogy stated by the hon . gent . he was satisfied from what he had mentioned , that it was unattainable , and his arguments as to precedent were not less . If a precedent were wrong the hon . gent , himself would , he apprehended , be one of the last to maintain that it ought to be followed . That the case of Shoreham was not felt to be unexceptionable , appeared in the debates and proceedings on the Cricklade case , and in the instance of Great Grimsby alone , had it been followed . Why , then , should such a practice , if contrary to the old course , which he reasserted was not at all changed by the Grenville act , and still more if contrary to the ends of justice , be suffered to go on ? It was pretended , in the case before the house , that another hearing should be granted to the parties , because they might have new light to introduce on the subject . If such a suggestion were attended to , it would form an argument for new trials , ad infinitum . The accused bad already been afforded ample opportunities to bring forward any-evidence in exculpation they desired . They had the ablest counsel that could be obtained , to cross-examine the evidence against them and to conduct their defence , therefore he saw no ground whatever , to induce the house to enter into the case again . In the case of Great Grimsby , where the house ordered evidence to the bar , it appeared that the returning officer was not present before the committee who reported against him . Here then there was ground for the order , which constituted a material difference from the matter now before the house . He submitted that a more anomalous course was recommended to the house by the hon . gent , namely , that it should call evidence to its bar for an ex parte examination , for it could be nothing else , as the house must be unable to cross-examine the witnesses , having no particular knowledge of the transactions to which their evidence , was meant to apply , and not being furnished with those suggestions for cross-examination , which the counsel on both sides could have had before the committee . The learned gent , considering that the house had the same relation to the committees 284 under the new jurisdiction that it had to the committees under the old , and that the course proposed by his right hon . friend , was preferable for many reasons , at the same time that it did not bind the house by any means servilely to adopt the resolutions of the committee , unless they were found to be fully justified by the evidence , stated that he should give his support to the motion before the house . said , he would trespass on the house but for a few words , not that he thought it necessary to vindicate himself from such gross ignorance as he should be ashamed of . The learned gent . had charged him with saying , that it was contrary to all analogy to pronounce sentence without hearing evidence . He said no such thing . He said it was contrary to analogy to pronounce the guilt of a party without hearing evidence . He believed , the hon . gent , would allow there was a material difference in the expresssion , and he was certain the learned judges would perfectly agree with him in the distinction he had taken . said , he agreed entirely with his hon . friend , whose arguments had been so strong that he did not think it at all necessary to reply to the observations that had