day , and that , he had been at the bar to present certain papers that had been ordered by the house , when the motion was made by the hon . member . He appealed to the expedience of those gentlemen who were longest acquainted with the procedings of the house , whether five o'clock was not the usual time of proceeding with the public business . stated , that four o'clock was the hour appointed for meeting , and that it had frequently been half past five , during the present session , before public business was proceed with . The house could not be formed without 40 members , and when 40 members came down at four o'clock , he submitted whether it was not extremely inconvenient to keep them waiting till half past five . declared , that there had been an extreme waste of time lately , and that the delay was highly disrespectful to the house , and to the chair . proceeded to move the third reading of the mutiny bill . In making this motion he was afraid that lie should disappoint the expectation of the hon . officer on the other side , ( general Fitzpatrick ) as he was not prepared to submit the propositions which that hon . officer recommended on a former flay . For himself , he was ready to confess , that those propositions appeared to be perfectly reasonable . They were , according to his recollection , that the members of regimental courts martial should be sworn , that they should be authorized to administer oaths to witnesses , & c. and that no president of such a court martial should be under 21 years of age . However , al- 708 though they were unexceptionable in his opinion , there were many officers of considerable experience and high rank who entertained doubts of the propriety of introducing such innovations into the old established system of the army . To the doubts of such persons he . thought it proper to defer , although he was free to own , that in the objections they advanced he saw no force . Yet it was due to them to allow time for fuller deliberation on the subject , and with a view to that he would propose a slight alteration in this bill , which could not be conveniently delayed in its progress , to this effect , `` that it might be altered or amended within the session . '' This alteration would , he hoped , meet the concurrence of the hon . officer , as it would afford an opportunity of introducing the amendments he suggested . said , that in consequence of the conference he had had with the right hon . gent . and the obvious justice and necessity of the propositions he suggested , which met that right hon . gent . 's entire concurrence , he had thought it unnecessary to trespass on the attention of the house , by stating the grounds upon which he was urged to submit those propositions . Those grounds were such as he had very little doubt would convince the majority of the house of the propriety of adopting the amendments he proposed . He had , indeed , never heard any serious objection urged against them . It therefore struck him as rather extraordinary , after the declared coincidence of the right hon . gent , to be told that some military officers entertained doubts upon the subject . No doubt was expressed by any person of that house ; not a sentence of objection was heard from any member ; and yet those salutary improvements , for the adoption of which policy , humanity , and justice equally called , were to be rejected or delayed , because some military officers doubted . How , he would ask , were the objections of such military persons to be brought before the house in a parliamentary form ? and the mere statement of their objections , unaccompanied by any reason for such objections , was not , he contended , a parliamentary