voters for Sir F. Burdett . There was no case whatever , in which the oath of persons tendering their votes was rejected ; but , in that of those claiming from the Emanuel hospital , the tenure of which Mr. Bushnel happened to know not to be a freehold ; and those rejected persons , the learned counsel wished the house to bear in mind , tendered for Sir F. Burdett . The learned counsel traced the conduct of his clients through the several days of the election up to the 12th , during which he maintained that the evidence would bear him in stating that the regulations they adopted were approved of by both parties , and were in all cases applied with the most rigid adherence to justice and impartiality . That the charge of a conspiracy to promote the election of Sir F. Burdett by the introduction of the mill voters was utterly inapplicable to his clients , the learned gent . shewed by a reference to the evidence , as it relates to those voters . From that it appeared that the existence , of such voters was net known to the sheriffs until the morning of the 13th day of election , when 842 Albion Cooper and others came to the poll . The testimony of Mr. Clifford stated that those voters were discovered by him accidentally on the 6th day of the election , and that he kept it a secret for several days . The learned counsel therefore argued that his clients could have no pre-knowledge of the intention to produce such , voters . Upon the day the first set of them came to the booth , Cooper and others were taken round to the sheriffs ' box , to have their claim discussed . This practice of taking objected voters round to the sheriffs ' box to have their objections investigated , he observed , had prevailed from the commencement of the election , with the implied consent of all parties . After Cooper and the others had gone round , a discussion arose , which continued above four hours , the counsel on both sides being present . But yet it being impossible to decide the fact as to the tenure of the voters from the inability of the sheriffs , as he before stated , they determined to act upon the rule laid from the beginning . They , therefore , after fully explaining in the most solemn manner , to Cooper and the others who accompanied him , the nature of an oath , they requested him to deliberate upon what he was about to do , acquainting him , however , that if he persisted in demanding to vote , his vote must be received , upon taking the freeholder 's oath . Cooper and his companions retired , and after some time came forward again to the hustings and tendered their votes . Mr. Burchell went to the front of the hustings , repeated a solemn admonition to them , and administered the oath to them ; this oath they took , notwithstanding the menace of Mr. Sylvester to prosecute them for perjury . On the 14rth day it was stated by Mr. Sylvester , in his evidence , that he tendered the act of W. III . to sheriff Rawlins , and called upon him for a reconsideration of the case of the millers ; but to this application , which was seconded by Mr. Mainwaring , sheriff Rawlins replied , that the case had been decided the day before , and that he would not go into it again . Mr. Sylvester also stated , that sheriff Rawlins would not suffer him or Mr. Mainwaring to put questions to the voters on the hustings , on the 15th day . Now , in point of fact , the act of W. III , which sheriff Rawlins refused to consider , had no relation to the question , and to permit the interrogation proposed by Mr. Sylvester on the hustings would be inconsistent with the 843 practice that antecedently prevailed without any exception ,