his maj. 's ministers , of the settled loyalty and tranquillity of Ireland ; but an act like this was more likely to produce tumult , than prevent it . It was time to put an end to the gestation of imaginary conspiracies , generated in the fancy of bed-ridden dotage . It was no time now to play the fool with Ireland , or to treat her inhabitants like froward children . The consequence must be , that instead of cementing the union , we should only open a gash between the two countries , which no plaisters , nostrums , or medicaments of any sort could possibly heal . The best policy would be to encourage in the minds of the people a manly , natural , and independent spirit ; otherwise the Union , which was designed to unite their affection and energies with our own , must prove not only inefficient , but afford a constant source of jealousy and dissention.—The question that the bill be read a second time was then put and carried without a division , and ordered to be committed for to-morrow.—Adjourned . observed , that on a former evening , a subject was agitated , which was of that nature , as that not only upon public grounds , but from his private feelings , he was induced again to call the attention of their Idp . 's to . He alluded to the circumstance of his noble friend , ( earl St. Vincent ) then in his place , having enquired , whether it was in the intention of his maj. 's present ministers to investigate any enquiry into his conduct , while he held the high situation he had lately filled under his majesty ? He had known the noble earl during twenty-six years , and though , on some certain points , he had had occasion to differ from him , yet it was always with the deepest regret . However , while at the head of the board of admiralty , the conduct of his noble friend was such , that he should defend it , if necessary . Seeing a noble viscount in his place ( Sidmouth ) , who was lately at the head of his maj. 's councils , and at present held a high situation therein , he would beg leave to ask the noble vise , plainly and decisively , whether the noble vise , could say , or could not say , that , so far from , its being 479 the intention of his maj. 's present ministers to institute any enquiry into the conduct of the late minister for marine affairs , that here existed no ground for setting on foot an enquiry into the conduct of one of the most honourable , dignified , and illustrious naval heroes of the country : after shortly adverting to the point , how far he might be warranted in point of parliamentary usage and practice , to answer , in his place , queries of such a nature as that put to him by the noble duke , stated , that with respect to the particular question which his R. H. did him the honour to ask , he had no hesitation in saying ( and if he had any hesitation in saying , he should belie every feeling , both private and public , which he possessed with respect to the noble earl , and which all those who knew his character arid conduct must feel ) that in his conscience lie believed there existed no ground or reason whatever for enquiring into the official conduct of the noble earl ; but , on the contrary , he thought him every way entitled to the approbation and the gratitude of his country . replied , that he never yet heard any answer within the walls of that house , which had given him such complete satisfaction , as well in a public as a private point of view ; he should therefore , on that subject , never more trouble their ldps . Before he sat down , however ,