closely connected with the general security of Europe ; and we acknowledge the propriety and wisdom of your majesty 's determination to decline entering into more particular explanation , till you have had time to communicate with those powers on the continent with whom your majesty is engaged in confidential intercourse and connection with a view to this important object.—We learn , with peculiar satisfaction , that your majesty has received the strongest proof of the wise and dignified sentiments by which the Emperor of Russia is animated , and of the warm interest he takes in the safety and independence of Europe.—Much as we lament the necessity of imposing additional burthens on your majesty 's subjects , we are , at the same time , so sensible how much their future safety and happiness depend upon the vigour of our exertions , that your majesty may rely upon our granting such supplies as the exigency of the public service may require , preserving , at the same time , an anxious desire effectually to support public credit , and to restrain as much as possible the accumulation of the national debt.—It affords us great consolation and satisfaction to observe , that the proofs of the internal wealth and resources of the country appear to keep pace with the efforts and sacrifices which the nature of the contest requires ; and your majesty may firmly rely on our zeal to maintain and improve these advantages , and to adopt such measures as , by enabling your majesty to prosecute the war with vigour , may afford the best prospect of bringing it to a safe and honourable termination . '' —Sir ; I rise for the purpose of seconding the motion which has just been made by the hon . gent. , and I do it the more readily , as the able statement which he has made renders it unnecessary for me to enter upon the subject of his majesty 's speech at any length . Sufficient has been said to justify the concurrence of this house in the motion that has just now been submitted to them . At a time when we are engaged in a war about matters of the highest moment , at a time when our enemies have menaced us with invasion , and when their schemes have been rendered abortive only by the persevering zeal of our countrymen , and our 30 fleet , which has blockaded every port of the enemy , from the Adriatic to the Texel , at such a time , and in such circumstances , I trust that every one will feel it his first duly to grant his majesty that support which he now requires , and which every thing tells us ought to be given . At the time , sir , when we are told that we have a new enemy to contend with ; an enemy , I fear , misled by weak counsels , and goaded on by the tyrannical and despotic power of France ; an enemy whose hostile disposition every circumstance has concurred to prove ; we ought not to be backward in meeting our difficulties with that resolution and firmness which the danger calls for . There are moments , sir , when to much forbearance becomes pusillanimity . One of these moments has now arrived . I shall not enter minutely into this question till the documents promised by his Majesty are laid before us . Then will be the proper time to consider it particularly . To discuss it at present at any length , would be altogether premature . I am most happy , at the pacific overtures that have been made to his majesty by the French govt . : God grant they may be sincere , and that they may pave the way for a safe and permanent peace ! In the mean time , I have no doubt that the govt . of this country will act with that dignity and moderation which become the character of a great nation , which is anxious to preserve the peace of the world , though it