them , if you do so , we will make war with you ; but they do not say , if you did not do so we will let you have , peace . He did not deny that there might have been good causes of war , but in the real cause for which we . were now at war , he conceived that government was much to blame . His lordship contended , that when ministers had once abandoned the treaty of St. Hdefonso , they could not commence hostilities by resuming its stipulations as their ground . They should have either adhered to it , and enforced its principles , or having departed from it , they could not stand justified in recurring to it for the purpose of answering the exigency of the moment . But the noble lord and his right hon . relation thought that a new cause of war had arisen from the circumstance of the substitution of money for ships and men . He differed from them , however , in supposing that they could , by any possible construction , recur at all to the treaty of St. Hdefonso as a justifiable ground for declaring war . He must again remind the house that the treaty had been previously abandoned altogether , on which account he was decidedly of opinion that it could not be afterwards taken up as a cause of war . From this view of the subject , it was impossible for him to allow his maj. 's ministers as much merit as they wished to claim , for their forbearance and humane feelings towards Spain.—After a variety of observations upon the papers before the house , he remarked with considerable strength , on the first effort so lord Harrowby on his entrance into office , when he applied to Mr. Frere , not to learn the progress of the negotiation , or the state in which matters stood between Spain and England fairly considered , but to learn whether all the treasure ships were 405 come home . Ministers had taken great credit to themselves for their anxious desire to prevent hostilities , arid to avert the shedding of blood ; but if any-one measure wals more calculated than another to promote what they professed to deprecate , it was the very , measure they had adopted by the order they sent . For if they had ordered a superior force to meet those frigates , then it would not have been incumbent on the Spanish admiral to fight for the sake of his honour : but what did they do ? They dispatched only an equal force ; the consequence of which was that blood was shed , without any advantage whatever having been produced to this country . He could not conceive how ministers could speak with such coolness of the blowing up of 300 men , women , and children . When he recollected this , he was surprised to hear them talk of preventing the effusion of blood . He should take the liberty also of calling the attention of the house to the instruction sent by lord Harrowby to Mr. Frere , which imported , that if he succeeded ' in procuring the disarmaments in the ports of Spain , according to the stipulations of the original treaty , then he might notify to the Spanish court , that a minister should be sent to that country from G. Britain , in order to settle the other points at issue , but which should be reserved for consideration till the arrival of the new ambassador . It was extremely remarkable , however , that although Mr. Frere had been completely successful and had procured not only a discontinuance of all armaments in Ferrol and other ports , but an assurance of the most friendly disposition towards this Country ; yet , notwithstanding , it was very strange he should have quitted Madrid . He felt it his duty , therefore , to state to the house , that he protested most solemnly against commencing and carrying on a war without any fixed