specific motion . His object in making it was , to ascertain the number of men that had been raised in col. French 's levy . He was aware , that as his former motions took in the new levies in England , Ireland , and Scotland , it might be said that his present motion was included in one of them . But * as the only inconve- 142 nience that could be apprehended from it would be , that col. French 's levy would be returned in the double , that inconvenience would be obviated by his moving for a separate return of that levy . He therefore moved , `` that there be laid before the house a separate return of the number of effective men raised for the levy now recruiting by col. French , for general service , in the united kingdom ; distinguishing the number of recruits finally approved , up to the last return ; also the number that bad received bounties as boys , and the number of officers appointed iii that levy . '' Ordered . then rose , and observed , that it would be highly expedient , before the question should come to be discussed , to have a complete view of the aggregate military force of the country , in one connected account . He wished gentlemen to be put in possession of the most satisfactory and comprehensive information on the subject , and with a view to that object , should move , `` that there be laid before the house , an account of the total amount of his maj. 's regular , militia , and provincial forces , on the 1st of Jan. 1804 , and the 1st of Jan. 1805 , respectively , distinguishing the limited from the unlimited force , and cavalry from infantry ; and also those serving in G. Brit . Ireland , and the islands of Guernsey and Jersey , and those serving in guards and garrisons abroad . Ordered . then rose , for the purpose of giving notice of several motions , which it was his intention to submit to the house on Monday . After all the attention which it had been in his power to bestow on the papers relative to the new war in which we were now unfortunately engaged , in the short period since they had been distributed , it appeared to him , that there were many important omissions , which it was material to have supplied before the main question should be discussed , and to enable the house to form a just and impartial opinion on the merits of the case . It could not be denied , that on so solemn and momentous a question , every information ought to be given to parliament , as far as it might be consistent with the interests of the public service . It was with a view , therefore , to supply the omissions which appeared to him in the papers laid before the house , that he proposed to bring forward the motions of which he then gave notice . The 143 precise objects to which they would relate were , some further information respecting the correspondence between lords Hawkesbury and Harrowby , and air Frere , and the discussions , if any , that might have taken place between the Spanish minister here and his maj. 's govt . There were other points , also , on which information was necessary , but as he did not conceive any objection that could be made to granting it , he was not equally inclined to think it necessary to give any previous notice of his motions respecting such topics . It would be felt generally how very desirable it was to have all the information that could possibly be procured on the subject as early as may be , before it should come tinder discussion . As , however , there might be some objection to the immediate production of the information he wished to obtain , which he could not then foresee , it might be more regular to