, was evident from experience ; and , in order to shew what little chance the poor man had of being protected in his right , he need only to refer to a recent event which formed a part of the practice now prevalent in , this metropolis . Was it not a fact , that a , number of poor Irishmen , making merry at their own houses , in that affecting kind of festivity which the day they were celebrating rendered doubly sacred , had been attacked by the meddling and vexatious , interference of magisterial authority ; had been accused of the worst of crimes ; had been left all night in prison ; and , afterwards , some of them driven into exile— for the worst of exile was the sea , to a man who had not been bred to it ; and this , because they could , not give a satisfactory , account of themselves ; or , in other words , were poor men ? Was there law , he would 765 ask , in this kingdom , for such a stretch of authority ? Was it to be found even in the count of exchequer chamber , with all the judges of the land assembled to give it sanction ? Yet such had been the conduct of some of the inferior magistrates of this metropolis ; and was he not right in his original fears expressed on the subject of this bill ? and was he not now again entitled to urge , that such would be the species of law which the arming parish officers with the powers of this act would naturally produce ? Was he not even justified in supposing that the parish crimps might have , persons present who might procure this sea to he changed into a military service , and , of course , that those very men who were thus illegally dragged from their own homes , served to swell the lists which had lately been laid on the table , or would make their appearance in the next return— There was another reason , however , on which it was apparent that the bill was not deserving of support . With all its objectionable features , it had wholly failed of its object . This , however , was flatly contradicted , and an attempt was made by soothing argument to recall the dead carcase of this bill to life . Whatever might be said of its remote design , or of its immediate operation , he presumed all must agree it had been completely obstructed . Where were the 60 battalions which were to have been raised ? The army of reserve was to feed the permanent force , and this was to feed the army of reserve . A copious river was to pour forth its waters , and it has been converted into a contemptible rill . The right hon . gent , with some artificial discretion , had told the house he would not expose what had been done by the bill , but he would have recourse to his rule of three , and acquaint gentlemen what it would do . It had been inefficient ; but , he said , try it longer , arid it will succeed . So said the empiric— '' The spring is approaching , you will find yourself better . '' The quackery was renewed , and in the mean lime the patient died . Like those pharmaceutic pretenders , the right hon . gent , would never be satisfied of the deficiency of his skill until it was too late to avoid the consequences of his temerity . But this bill was an experiment . This was a philosophic age , and every thing was to be submitted to the test of experiment . The pence of Amiens , which was to restore tranquillity to Europe , oppressed and exhausted , was an experiment . Scientific 766 persons , by experiment , meant something which was to be tried , not the matter itself , for the sake of which the