the subject . With respect to the substance of the motion now before their lordship 's , he repeated he had no desire to oppose it ; but he deemed it necessary to suggest an alteration in its wording , and which he thought , would be better calculated to obtain the information desired . The names of the individuals should not be recited . The purpose would be as fully answered , if the respective trades and occupations of the individuals in question were specified . Their lordships would conceive , that these persons were dispersed in different dock-yards , and in several parts of the kingdom , if at all in the country . It would answer no good purpose , he thought , to hold forth the names of such individuals , as culprits , guilty of offences years ago , whose conduct since , might be sober , orderly , and unobjectionable . The number of such persons as might have so re-entered , would answer without a specification of their names . He also was inclined to object to the word 'mutiny ' in the motion . As the general charge against these persons might be classed under two beads : the first , that of combination for a permanent increase of pay , the appointment of delegates , & c. ; the second , for the share they had in those disturbances , in the shape of sedition , which then prevailed in several parts of Devonshire ; though it was then deemed expedient to consolidate both considerations into one general charge . Modelled in the way he described , he had no objection to the motion . expressed his opinion , that the considerations adverted to by the noble earl were of great importance , and the country was highly indebted to him for his conduct upon the occasion ; were it not for the temperate and firm tone of his measures , the whole county of 719 Devon would have been , he believed , not only in a state of disturbance , but in actual rebellion . At the same time it was fair to say , that the exertions of the noble earl were very well and effectually seconded by lieut . gen. Simcoe and other officers . It was well known to the noble lord on the woolsack , and to the secretaries of state , that what he then asserted was founded in truth . spoke in explanation . He came forward entirely from a sense of public duty . With respect to the objection of the noble viscount , he was inclined to believe , that the names of many of the individuals would not be accurately set forth . Persons so circumstanced were not unfrequeutly in the habit of changing their names . He did not think the proposed alteration of much importance , and therefore had no objection to the amendment . seemed to think the proposed alteration would make a very material difference . The names were important to be specified , as without them it was morally impossible their lordships could be accurately informed . then moved , as amendments to the motion , that the words `` of the names of '' be left out , and to insert the words `` of the number of , together with the respective trades and occupations , '' in their room ; and also a corresponding amendment in the second part of the motion . These amendments were agreed to by their lordships , who ordered the information , as specified in the amended motion , to be laid before the house . generally called the attention of their lordships to the subject of which the measure of suspending the Habeas Corpus act in Ireland formed so prominent a part . He adverted to the circumstance of the bill being rapidly passed through that house , and contended , that sufficient information , or grounds , had pot been laid before the house , for the enactment of such a measure ; a branch of the information , which , on glancing at the