, however , one of those who were apt to run into the opinion , that every thing that was wrong must result from the fault of government . The question might be divided into two parts , with respect to an army within our power to have , and out of our power to have . For any purpose that we wanted , he was happy to think , that an army was completely in our own power . An army-might undoubtedly be carried too far , as well as neglected too much , and not carried far enough ; but what was there to hinder us , with our population , from making a proper army ? What was to prevent us from turning a certain proportion of our population towards the military profession , as well as towards any other of 605 the professions , or any particular trade ? Why could not the army be made to feel that it was equally worth their while to go to that profession , as to go to a trade ? Make it an object with men to enter into the profession , and enough will be induced to join it , Suppose any new manufacture of great importance , some great cotton manufacture for instance , suddenly sprung up and flourished ; some other trades and manufactures were probably at first hurt by its prosperity ; but these things found their own level . There was a new means of subsistence discovered . Mr. Mai thus had not , indeed , discovered any new principle , for the principle was obvious before ; but he had pursued it with great perspicuity and truth . The demand will have its relation to the supply . For instance , if shoes took twice their quantity of materials , if men had four legs instead of two , or even supposing they had as many legs as a caterpillar , shoes must still be worn ; what was there then in the trade of a soldier so exceedingly forbidding and revolting to the people of this country ? A soldier was not quite sure of a very long life , but his occupation was more healthy than most others . People were found everyday to go down into damp , unhealthy mines in Cornwall and Derbyshire ; we had painters , and other tradesmen following unhealthy pursuits ; nothing was wanting but to put the soldier 's trade upon a proper level . The army had great attractions to the young and ardent and high-spirited . Notwithstanding all seeming disadvantages , there was an invincible attachment to a military life to be found , by no means uncommon . But when he spoke of the trade , he might also speak of the trader . The military life was the trade ; the trader was the government . Could not this great trader do as much as other traders do , to put this particular trade on as high a ground at least as any other of the profitable pursuits of mankind ? Could government fear any competition on such a subject ? They could grant privileges , they could bestow immunities , they could confer distinctions . We know very well that in some other countries the force of certain religious opinions have been such as would either entirely prevent or else impair the formation of an army . Thus , in some parts of Asia there were people that could not be brought to military pursuits . So the numerous body of Quakers ( could not be persuaded to throw off their religious opi- 606 nions on this point . We find no such prejudices operating generally among us ; but would any body say , that we were become so unmartial and so effeminate as to be past the age of military glory , in the history of this country ? Why were our ships manned without fear of storms , or wrecks , or enemies ? If we had not an army it was entirely our own fault . Ministers had sometimes laid the fault of bad