That it was something like spirits above proof , which it was necessary to dilute , or like gold that was too pure for use ; or , perhaps , he thought it too dazzling and brilliant , and that it was necessary to get back some of the mists and fogs of the last administration , in order to keep men 's eyes from being dazzled with its prodigious glare . But does the right hon . gent . deceive himself by supposing that he came back to his office under the same , terms he quitted it ? He went out , because there was a great question relative to Ireland , which he thought necessary to the salvation of that country . He went out because he could not carry that measure . He thought himself justified in saying , that there was but one person in the country who stood in the way of his wishes upon the subject . He advised the people of Ireland , after his retirement , not to form other views . He told them that they were to hail his return as the beacon which was to guide them to the object of their hopes . Is it not known that , he came back to his place without the slightest intention of performing his promise ? Is it not known that he is allied in power with those who are pledged to resist the measure of Catholic emancipation ? He came back with the character of having broken his faith with that laborious and respectable body of persons ? —But it is not merely with the loss of political integrity that he has come back to Office . Has he now the same character with the public which he once bad for political wisdom ? What is the skill he has shewn in the first requisite of a great minister—the knowledge of the character , talents , and dispositions of the men whom he is to appoint to fill the great situations in the civil departments , and those who are to be entrusted with the important charge of the defence of the country in the hour of danger ? Whom has he now succeeded ? Who gave his predecessors such high characters and such warm recommendations in this house ? The noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) whom be panegyrized as the very 739 fittest person in the kingdom to direct the important department of Foreign Affairs , with the exception only of my honourable friend on my right hand ( Mr. Fox ) , he has cashiered , and turned down to the home department . Why , if he understood his character and talents when he recommended him , does he degrade him now ? The right hon . gent . seems to know no rule but his own will , and does not scruple to avow his . reduction of all the other members of the cabinet , to the situation of mere cyphers . Is it nothing that he should be so slow to discover the total inadequacy of the men he praises , for all the great purposes of the national defence , and the business of diplomacy ? Is it nothing that he should be thus convicted of an utter incapacity to judge of the qualifications of such men ? Your predecessor , sir , ( lord Sidmouth ) was , according to his account of him , the fittest person for the management of finance ; and lord Hawkesbury and he had taken sweet counsel together , and he knew his abilities well . The right hon . gent . I assert , is convicted of an utter incapacity to form a proper judgment of public men . He can not sit in a cabinet where they are to count noses , to use his own phrase : he must be sole master , and all the rest his mere slaves , or the tools of his power . In his former cabinet , there were men who had noses , and who were counted sometimes too . But , now ,