house , a return of the number of recruits finally approved for 57 general service , from the 1st of June last to the 1st of Jan. instant , in the united kingdom of G. Britain and Ireland , for corps at home and abroad ( exclusive of the recruits enlisted for the two new battalions raisins , for general service in Scotland , and four new battalions raising for general service in Ireland , exclusive of recruits raised for general service by officers for rank ) distinguishing the number of such recruits who shall have received the bounty for boys ; also a return of the number of recruits finally approved for general service , from the 1st of June last to the 1st of Jan. instant , and recruited by the recruiting , staff in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; distinguishing the number of such recruits as shall have received the bounty for boys.—9th , That there be laid before this house , a return of the number of commissioned and noncommissioned officers that have been detached from their respective regiments for the purpose of receiving men expected to be raised under an act of the last session of parliament , instituted , `` An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm , and to provide for augmenting his majesty 's regular forces , and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England . `` —10th , That there be laid before this house , a return of all deaths , desertions , discharges , or other casualties , since the commencement of the war to the 1st of Jan. 1S01 , and from thence to the 1st of Jan. 1805. observed , that he had not , for his own part , any very material objection to lay before the house an account of the total amount of our public force , and to the propositions which had been submitted by the right hon . gent , he had no objection whatever ; on the contrary , it was his wish , that the house should be in full possession of all the particulars to which those propositions referred , before it proceeded to the discussion of the subject which the right hon . gent , had announced his intention of bringing forward . expressed a-wish to know when the papers relative to the negotiation of govt . with Spain , previous to the war , would be laid before the house ; and also what , day it was the intention of the right hon . the Ch . of the Excheq . to appoint for the discussion of the subject In which those papers referred . stated , that the papers to which the hon . gent , alluded , required more time to print for the use of the house than he was at first aware of , but that they would be laid on the table to-morrow . As those papers were very voluminous , and as it was desirable that the house should have full time to consider their contents , the right hon . gent , thought it advisable not to bring forward the discussion of the subject as early as he originally intended , but would appoint Thursday , the 31st inst . for that purpose.—Adjourned . moved for the appointment of a committee to consider of the matters alledged against Judge Fox , and to hear such evidence as might be adduced in their support . A short conversation ensued between the lord chancellor , lord Hawkesbury , and the marquis of Abercorn ; after which the motion was agreed to , and the committee ordered to meet on the 7th of Feb . The committee to consist of all the lords who have been present this-session . The petitions presented against the judge were ordered to be referred to the committee.—Adjourned . from the commissioners of the customs in Scotland , presented at the bar , an account of custom duties charged and out-standing on bond or otherwise , on 5th April , 1803 and