, would , of course , be abandoned . The hon . member proposed to postpone the order until Thursday , the 26th of April , and his motive for such delay , was in order to accommodate the counsel on both sides , who would be called out of town by the circuits . The motion of the hon . gentleman was agreed to.— Lord Temple presented a petition from the merchants trading to the West Indies , against the bill for the abolition of the slave trade , praying to be heard by counsel at the bar of the house . The petition was ordered to lie on the table until the second reading of the bill . Lord Temple presented a similar petition from Edward Lyon , esquire , agent for Jamaica , which was ordered to lie on the table.— Mr. Foster presented the papers relative to Irish payments at par , moved for by lord A. Hamilton.— Mr Thornton moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of the amount of notes issued by the bank of England from the 5th of Dec. 1803 , to the 5th of Feb. 1805 , distinguishing those under 5l . and the separate amount of each month.— Mr. Huskisson brought in the additional property Duty bill , which was read a first time.— Mr. Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the loan bill , which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time tomorrow.— Sir J. Anderson presented a petition from the master and wardens of the company of bakers , stating the distress under which they laboured , and praying for certain allowances from parliament . Referred to a committee , together with the report of the committee in the last session on the same subject.— Sir J. Anderson presented a petition from the carmen of the city of London , praying that they might receive some compensation for the injury they had sustained by certain regulations about the new docks . Referred to a committee.— Mr. W. Dickenson presented the papers relative to the passengers and private property detained on board the Spanish frigates.— Mr. Wilberforce presented petitions from the shear men and woollen manufacturers of the county of York , praying for leave to bring in a 634 bill to explain and amend the laws now existing on the subject of the woollen manufacture . Ordered to lie on the table.— Mr. Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the additional postage duty bill , which was agreed to.— The speaker acquainted the house , that the clerk had made out and laid on the table , the East India judicature lists . referring to the notice which had been given by an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sheridan ) relative to the act of last session for raising an Additional Force , observed , that he thought it necessary , in order to enable the house to judge of the merits of that act , that certain information should be obtained with respect to its operation and effect . As the act of the last session particularly purported to have in view the filling up the deficiencies of the army of reserve and militia , he should move for , an account of the number of men deficient in the army of reserve on the 29th of June last ; also , for an account of the deficiency in the several regiments of the militia , at the same period , distinguishing the original from the supplementary militia . The hon . member also moved , for an account of all the bounties paid by parish officers under the act alluded to . thought that such an account could not be obtained in time for the discussion to which the hon . member alluded ; and suggested , that from the return on the table respecting the number of men obtained under the act , there could be no difficulty in forming an estimate sufficiently accurate with regard to the point to which the motion referred .