corruption , particularly on the 13th , 14th , and 15th , days of election , by admitting persons to voe who claimed under right of their being partners in the Good Intent Mill , in the parish of Isle worth , so as by that means to give a colourable majority to Sir F. Burdett , and also by refusing to admit other persons to poll in favour of Mr. Mainwaring . said , he had given his whole attention to this case , and he conceived it as strong as possible in favour of the resolution . He was happy the sheriffs had had the benefit of counsel , who had discharged his duty so ably ; that if it were possible for any argument to alter the impression of plain and strong facts , he would have made their criminality disappear . He saw in the whole of the proceedings of the election a general partiality of the sheriffs in favour of one of the candidates . They had from this partiality put on the poll a number of votes notoriously bad ; they had acted in some cases judicially , in others ministerially : they had admitted the mill votes contrary to every possible right . Here the right hon . gent . entered into a detail of the partial conduct of the sheriffs . They had a person who was called the orator to declaim against Mr. Mainwaring in front of the hustings , and to apply every vilifying expression to that gent . ; and when the impropriety was represented to them , they contented themselves with saying he was a droll fellow . They permitted the flags of Sir F. Burdett to be displayed in front of the hustings , with the motto of `` No bastile '' upon them ; they suffered black bread and dead vermin to be exhibited , as if this were a specimen of the treatment in a prison with which Mr. Mainwaring was supposed to be connected . A man naked from the waist upwards , of an emaciated appearance , was exhibited with another flogging him , with a view to cast odium on the same gentleman . All this was permitted for several days , notwithstanding it was allowed there was a sufficiency of constables in attendance to put a stop to such disgraceful scenes . When Mr. Mainwaring attempted to speak , an outcry was raised which rendered it impossible for him to be heard . When Sir F. Burdett abused the Bastile , one of the sheriffs ' prompted him ; and the sheriffs ' clerks wore Burdett 's colours . When facilities were given for inflaming the mob , which 847 there was no possibility of governing when it was once agitated , what mischief may follow it was impossible to calculate ! To prove that votes notoriously bad had been received , it was sufficient to state , that one man had been allowed to vote from the heart of the city , which the sheriffs must have known to be illegal . Till the 5th day the votes had been examined , when the right of admission was put solely upon the tender of the oath . He censured the conduct of Sir W. Rawlins , who had rudely prevented Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Silvester from questioning some of the mill voters on the hustings to the same point on which he himself rejected others of them the next day . Here the right hon . gent . entered into an examination of the nature of the interest of the mill voters , whose property consisted of one-eighth of an acre of land , 90 feet by 45 , with three cottages on it , let each for six guineas a year , when they took it . These had been thrown down to erect the mill , to which there were 1002 subscribers , at 2 guineas each . The mill was not then roofed ; nor was it assessed even to the poor 's rate for a year after ; and the reason the parish officers gave was