to the acceptance of such bills ; also for copies of the orders addressed by the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the navy board , directing them to investigate the accounts of Sir H. Popham.— Adjourned . rose to state , some propositions Which he should feel it his duty to submit to the committee on this bill . In order to add to the solemnity of Courts Martial , and to prevent the infliction as much as possible of those severe punishments , which he knew were unfortunately necessary in some instances although in many they were almost worse 641 than death , he would propose , first , that the right of administering oaths , should be extended to regimental courts martial , as well as to general courts martial , and also that some provision should be made to prevent any other than officers of some military experience , from being at all on courts martial . This was a provision which he was aware was already strictly attended to in some regiments . But it was highly desirable to render it general , and with that view he would move that none but officers of a certain age should be put on courts martial , and that the president of a court martial should in no case be under 21 years of age . This regulation he thought necessary , although persons under that age might , in some cases , be competent from military experience , to act as members of courts martial . To those points the right hon . gent , felt it his duty to call the attention of the house and he had no doubt , that should they meet the concurrence of the right hon . mover of the bill they would be productive of the best effects upon the discipline and feelings of the army . rose to move the second reading of the bill for the abolition of the slave trade . The hon . member stated , that the measure had been so often discussed , the sense of parliament had been so frequently taken upon it , and that house had so decidedly expressed its opinion upon the subject in the course of the last sessions , he felt it unnecessary to trespass upon the attention of the house on the present occasion , but reserved to himself the right of replying to any arguments that might be advanced against the motion he had the honour to submit . observed , that according to the custom of the house , none but a member originating a new motion , had the right of general reply to any objections made against it , and therefore the hon . gent , possessed no such right . could not let the question go by without giving his opinion upon it once more . The hon . mover had said , that no new reason bad occurred since last session against the adoption of this measure . He should , however , rely upon the wisdom and upon the feelings of the house , upon a. measure so interesting and so important to the interests of this country , to our revenues , and even to our existence as a nation . He trusted the house would not consider any former pledge of this 642 kind as binding upon them now . There were two points of view in which he considered this question ; first , as to the policy of the abolition altogether ; and secondly , as to the time in which it is now proposed to abolish it , a time so arduous and so critical as the present . First then , he supposed the hon . mover to have great confidence in the measure , but that he now found himself absolutely deficient in the sources of those appeals to the feelings of the house , which he was wont to use on former occasions . He seemed to have nothing new to urge on the score of humanity and benevolence ; nothing to say about the cruelty and oppression of the trade ,