the conveyance of troops , their baggage , & c. It had been observed , that no less than 80,000 men had been for some time back stationed on the coast . The expence of carriage , & c. in forwarding those troops , was paid by govt . but back carriage fell upon the counties . This had produced so severe a grievance , that the hon . member stated it to be the subject of general complaint . This was an evil which he trusted some means would be taken to remedy . He hoped that , in bringing forward the army extraordinaries , the right hon . the secretary at war would propose something as a reimbursement to those counties for what they had already spent , and as an indemnity for the future . The house would , he had no doubt , acknowledge the justice of such a proposition . The conveyance of troops for the national defence was a national concern , and no undue proportion of the expence attending such conveyance should be ' suffered to fall upon particular counties . said , that if the ion . member would confer with him in private upon the subject he alluded to , he should be happy to pay him every attention in his power , and if the proposition he recommended should be found advisable , to promote its adoption . If , how-ever , the conversation should produce in his mind a contrary impression , it would still be open to the hon . member to bring forward a motion on the subject himself.— Upon the vote for the barracks being proposed , adverting to the temporary barracks erected on the coast , stated , that he understood them to be very unfit for the residence of the troops . He therefore wished to know whether it was meant to continue the use of those barracks , and whether , among the provision far bar-jacks , those were included ? If so , he should certainly object to them ; and if no specific account of the expence of those barracks was before the house , he should move for it . said , that the barracks alluded to were constructed for the accommodation of the troops , because , from circumstances , no better could be provided . It was advisable that the troops should remain on the coast during winter , and from June till Nov. there was not time sufficient for the building any other than those temporary barracks . expressed his sorrow for the expence incurred hi the construction of such barracks ; but that expence was by no means so much the object of his consideration , as the danger likely to result to the soldiery from a residence in such places . If those barracks were not to continue any longer in use , he would not so much complain ; but if the contrary was intended , he should certainly object to it . then rose to submit to the committee the estimates for the ordnance service of the year . The aggregate of the estimates for the present year exceeded the amount for the last year by 798,000l . but the committee would not consider the estimate for the present year too high , when it looked to the extent of the force proposed to be maintained , and to the circumstances of the country . He should , therefore , content himself with simply moving the estimates ; but should , with great satisfaction , answer the inquiries that any gent , might 256 think proper to make , and put the committee in possession of any information in his power . The hon . gent . then moved the following resolutions : `` that there be granted to his maj. the following sums , under the following heads r For the expence of ordnance for his maj. 's land forces in G. Brit . 3,163,4l6l . 2s . 6d . ; for the service of the ordnance office in G. Brit . 190,344l . 2s . 4d . ; for the expence