which the house had , on a late day , ordered to be printed . The labours of that committee were valuable ; and he hoped that the members who composed it would that night follow up the wise , humane , and patriotic resolutions , by opposing the present tax . By the report , it was obvious that the committee under the last administration purposed , by their report , to lead to the abolition of the tax on salt altogether . Salt was an article important to all descriptions , and as it was used by all for the most beneficial purposes , he trusted all descriptions of persons , in that house , would oppose the tax now sought to be laid on it . It would be recollected , that bread was a principal article of sustenance used by persons of all descriptions throughout the kingdom : now , by this tax it was unavoidable , that the price of bread should be raised ; in fact , bread had been already risen an assize by the mere report of such a proposition . There was a petition , at that moment , before the house , from the baker 's company , praying for relief , in consequence of various alterations in the , sources of their profits , and in particular because of this tax . Throughout the country the effect must unavoidably be the same . It would affect the price of salt used in all kinds of salt meat , so as to place them above the reach of the poor . Salt-fish was an extensive article of sustenance in many of the labouring parts of the kingdom ; this would experience a rise of price amounting to little short of prohibition . The tax would entirely alter the condition of the lower orders . It would render them totally dependant on the affluent for support . It would prevent them from maintaining that state of independence which 697 was their birth-right , and which it was peculiarly the business and duty of that house to preserve to them in all its integrity . For these reasons , and thinking most unfavourably of the lax ; thinking it , in fact , pregnant with all degrees of wretchedness to the lower orders of the community , he should move , `` that the bill be read a second time this day six months . '' observed , that the committee in the report which they gave in some years ago , and . which had been alluded to by the noble lord , proceeded on the ground of rendering salt applicable to many general purposes , among which was even that of manure . It was certainly their object to give facility to the circulation of that article , but the chief hindrance to a free circulation was the regulation which the duty necessarily demanded , and these regulations would equally affect , the circulation whether the duty amounted to 5 , 10 , or 15s . a bushel , so that the noble lord ought not to be satisfied with advising a rejection of a revenue of 500,000l . which the proposed additional duty would produce , but should proceed to advise the taking off the duty now 'existing , which produced a revenue amounting to double that sum . It was singular that the noble lord should call on those persons , who , when the country was at peace , approved the report of the committee , and yet did not venture to institute any measure upon it , to come forward , and in the midst of war declare their opinion on the present bill . The report had slept for 3 years , and the consideration of it was now urged , at a time , than which , none could be more unfit . The noble lord had asserted , that this tax pressed heavily on the poor . It was a most unpleasant thing for him to be under the necessity of imposing taxes which in any degree affected the lower classes , but