hour , nor are at any time hereafter likely to be , reimbursed the same , or any the smallest part thereof ; and that two other petitions were presented to the house ; the one by W. Mainwaring , esq . the unsuccessful candidate at the said election for the county of Middlesex ; and the other by certain freeholders of the said county in his interest , complaining of the return made by the petitioners of sir F. Burdett , bart . And charging the petitioners , as sheriffs of Middlesex , and returning officers at such last-mentioned election for that county , with great partiality in favour of the said sir F. Burdett , and with other undue conduct in the course and progress of the said 135 election and poll ; which said two petitions were by the house referred to a select committee of the house , which was duly ballotted for and appointed on Friday , the 3d of February , 1804 , and continued from that day to sit on the trial of the same petitions until Monday the 9th of July last ; and that , on the said 9th of July , the chairman of the said committee acquainted the house ( among other things ) that the committee had determined , that the said election and return for the said county of Middlesex were void , so far as respected the said sir F. Burdett ; and that the committee had also come to the four following resolutions relative to the petitioners , viz . 1st . That on the 13th , 14th , and 15th days of the poll , on the first of which days there was a considerable majority of votes in favour of W. Mainwaring , esq . the sheriff R. A. Cox , esq . and sir W. Rawlins , knt . wilfully , knowingly , and corruptly , did admit to poll for Sir F. Burdett , bart . upwards of 300 persons claiming to vote under a fictitious right , as proprietors of a mill purported to be situated in the parish of Isleworth , and called the `` Good Intent Mill , '' by which means a colourable majority was obtained in favour of sir F. Burdett , 2d . That on the 15th day , towards the close of the poll , after such majority was established , they rejected persons tendering their votes under the same circumstances . 3d . That the sheriff at the poll acted in a judicial capacity , by admitting counsel to argue the validity of votes , and by deciding , in some instances , on the validity of such votes ; that in other instances they refused to decide on the validity of votes which were objected to , and stated that they would admit any person to poll who would take the oaths , declaring themselves to be only ministerial officers , thereby acting in a manner contradictory to their practice in other cases , and in flagrant violation of their duty . 4th . That the obvious tendency of their conduct was to admit persons who had no right to poll , and to afford the greatest encouragement to perjury ; and that the petitioners , being ignorant of the law , did , during the whole course of the said election , constantly and invariably act under the advice of their under-sheriffs and deputy under-sheriff , all of whom are attornies , highly respectable in their profession , and long conversant in the law , and one of them for above 20 years practised in the judicial decision of questions of the greatest value and importance ; and 136 that on the 13th of the said last-mentioned election , when the proprietors of the mill , as mentioned in the above report of the said select committee of the house , first tendered themselves to vote , their right to vote at such election , for such freehold was argued very much at length by different counsel on each side ; and alter such argument the petitioners did ( by the