was clearly in favour of the original motion , and could not conceive on what grounds the motion for the order of the day could be supported . It was evident that the bill , if allowed to be good at all , could not fulfil its object previous to the expiration of the session . There was no force at all in the observation of the right hon . gent , opposite , that at this period of the session the renewal was unnecessary . The house could have no means of knowing when the session was to terminate . It might terminate exactly when it suited the whim or the interest of a minister . But was the house to be told that an act , on all hands allowed to be beneficial , to be renewed just at the period when it suited the minister , and not when it was called for by the public interest ? The idea was monstrous , and not to be endured for a moment . If parliamentary inquiry was to be instituted at all , then let it be instituted in the true spirit of inquiry , and not dependent on a minister 's arrangement . But the right hon . gent . had endeavoured to argue , that there probably might be no necessity for renewing the act . Now , what single tittle of evidence had been adduced to countenance such an opinion ? It was contrary to every conjecture , and every probability . 687 It was directly in opposition to the declared opinion of two hon . and gallant officers ; the best acquainted with the subject . These hon . officers had expressly agreed , that it would be quite impossible for the commissioners to finish their inquiries within the period which might be expected to intervene , previous to the close of the session . One of the hon . officers ( Sir C. Pole ) had , indeed , expressed some doubt as to the continuance of the commission during the existence of a war ; but he had expressed no doubt that much yet remained to be investigated , much yet was to be done be sore the mass of public abuses was laid open to view . He really could not help being astonished at the attempt to get rid of the original motion , by moving the order of the day . This was surely evading the : question in a most unhandsome and indefensible manner . If the right hon . gent , thought the commission unnecessary , or conceived that the commissioners made an undue use of their powers , why did he not , like the worthy baronet opposite ( Sir W. Elford ) , state such an opinion openly and manfully ? The worthy baronet had declared himself dissatisfied with the naval commissioners , and had expressed his opinion , that their inquiries should be discontinued . He had stated , that their Reports ought to be examined into , because he conceived they afforded ground for grave accusation . The hon . member had acted now as he did on a former occasion . On that occasion he had brought forward a direct charge , but by some misfortune or other , no member could be found to second his proposition . Though , however , he was in this respect unfortuate , it could not be denied that his proceedings were fair and honourable . If the right hon . gent , entertained similar ideas , why was it that he did not pursue a similar course ? Surely it would be a course at once more honourable , as well as more parliamentary . To get rid of the motion by moving the order of the day was far from being a fair or candid proceeding . If gentlemen objected to the continuance of the commission , they would afterwards have a full opportunity of expressing their sentiments . They ought at least to suffer the bill to be introduced , and on the second reading they might then take the sense of