that he had a little more regard for it . The county of Waterford was notoriously disturbed , as was evident from the resolutions of the magistrates at a county meeting , at which the sheriff , a respectable member of that house , presided . An adjoining county also ( Tipperary ) , the representative of which was present , was in servants a state , that the houses of all loyal men which had not a number of servants , or a large family to defend them , were broken open and robbed of their arms , and these arms were certainly not intended for shooting snipes . The county of Carlow was the scene of nocturnal meetings , and so was the county of Limerick , the representative of which was also present . The city of Dublin itself was under the necessity of being patrolled every night from the multitude of dangerous conspiracies and assassination plots ; centinels were shot dead and maimed on their stands , and it was known that even committees were formed for systematising assassination . On all these grounds he thought the suspension indispensably necessary . We might truly say , incedimus perignes suppositos cineri doloso . declared his conviction of the general Royalty of the North of Ireland ; but in the South and West disaffection certainly existed . The suspension was necessa- 532 ry to satisfy the loyal , who , without this security could not sleep in their beds . It was necessary to keep down the majority of the people of Ireland , consisting of Catholics , dangerously agitated and inspired by the confidence of French aid , with the hope of effecting a change in the establishment in their own favour . He was informed besides , that a strong measure was to be proposed from the other side of the house , to put the Catholics on a state of perfect equality with the protestants ; and if it did not pass this house , the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act would be necessary to prevent them from breaking out into violent outrages . said he had one word to offer in answer to the hon . gent . who had spoke last but one , and a little to the last , both of whom had pronounced a libel on the majority of the people of Ireland , a libel which , came particularly ill from the mouth of any one connected with that country . He protested against the principles they maintained , and against the libel they had thrown out . He protested also against the doctrine , that because he and his hon . friends did not represent Ireland , they could hot feel for that country as warmly as the hon . gent . ( Dr. Duigenan ) . This was a charge of deficiency not only in the duty they owed to all the Empire , but a direct charge that they did not pay the same attention to particular parts of it which was given by the persons representing these parts . He was sure it was not so , and he was happy the hon . gent . was not supported in his insinuations by his brethren on that side of the house . If he and his hon . friends had not a right to interfere in the concerns of Ireland , the hon . gent . must allow the principle a reciprocal force . He would here call to the recollection of the hon . gent . the instance of the Additional Force bill of the last session , which was enacted for England , contrary to the sense of the majority of the English members , and on which the representatives of Ireland , and he believed among them the hon . gent . had claimed and exercised a full right of giving their votes . This by the bye . Now for the hon . gent . 's arguments . The hon . gent . in answer to the alledged want of notoriety , cited a list of atrocities which appeared to