treasure ships were safely arrived . In the interim , the hostile mind of that country was manifested in every possible way . The permission given to French troops , sailors , and artillerymen , to march through her territory , was certainly no slight indication of hostility . This , the noble baron will probably say , is one of admiral Cochrane 's stories ; but if he will look into the correspondence , he will find two notes on the subject from Mr. Frere , stating the circumstances , and which are not , in any the minutest particle , disavowed . It was on these full and ample grounds that we entered on that modified hostility which is so much the ground of reproach . Why , it is said , did we not issue letters of marque and reprisal ? The answer is obvious . The property of the captors it would not have been in our power to reclaim and restore , but by detaining the vessels the power of restitution was left in our hands . This was certainly an incomplete hostility ; but let it be recollected , that when this was ordered , the right of full , complete , and absolute hostility , was substantially in our hands . If Spain has suffered in this instance , let it be recollected that the fault is entirely her own . Had she been capable of manly exertion in her own behalf , from us she would have found every support and assistance , But as history shews that small states have arisen to the greatest heights by industry , activity , and energy , so large empires are found to moulder 364 away through apathy , inertness , and pusillanimity . Our view of the question this case must be merely personal . We must not permit either the strength of one power , or the weakness of another , to be converted into a weapon for our destruction . This has been stigmatized as a mercenary war ; but this proposition , said his ldp . I must deny . Wars of ambition , wars for conquest , wars for extension of territory— all these are hateful ; but a war for profit has in it something loathsome and revolting to every generous mind . The carrying the war into the Spanish Colonies , which has been thrown out this evening , had no weight whatever hi the decision of ministers . They forbore , as long as forbearance : was practicable , and they did not strike , until the blow , in their judgment , could no longer be avoided . If we could see the once great and illustrious nation of Spain rouse once more from the lassitude into which she has sunk , and display that spirit and those noble energies which once rendered her so justly renowned amongst the nations of Europe , then might we hope to see her retrieve that honourable character heretofore so justly venerated : but , sunk as she is under the vassalage and dictation of the person who now rules France , friendly to us she dare not be ; neutral she can not be ; and hostile she must be , at the mandate of her ally : and , therefore , it was the duty of his maj 's ministers to be guarded against those hostilities to which from necessity or otherwise she might be disposed . in the absence of his noble friend , lord Harrowby , felt it his duty to vindicate that noble lord from every imputation of lassitude or insufficiency , which had been thrown upon his conduct ; and to assure the house , that , on all occasions , from his accession to office , his exertions had been most sedulous and indefatigable , in endeavouring to avert hostilities , by every means honourable to the Country.—At 4 o'clock in the morning , the question was put by the Lord Chancellor on the original address , which was carried without a division ; and the house adjourned till Wednesday . moved the