this question on narrow grounds ? While you think that you are doing more than justice to the negroes , do you reflect that you are certainly doing an act of the greatest injustice to the West India planters ? We have been told that there is nothing new in this question ; yet it has been confessed by people , of the best authority , that there never was an abler report than that which has lately been made on the subject . Perhaps the hon . gent . has not yet read the papers on the table . If he has read them , however , he can not be ignorant , that the small settlers , supposing this measure to pass , must certainly remove from Jamaica . If he had taken a fair view of the subject , he would feel that the white men must be driven from the island by a regard for their own personal safety . The disproportion , therefore , between the negroes and the white inhabitants , would be constantly increasing , and would end in the total loss of the island . I do call upon the house to allow those to be heard at the bar who may have been on the spot , who are acquainted with the manners of the negroes , to carry some weight with their sentiments , in considering a point of this nature . A noble lord who had long an opportunity of observing the negroes , is ready to come to the bar of the house , if necessary , and give evidence of the alteration which has taken place in their manners . To what is this alteration owing ? It is owing to this , that the idea of abolition is intimately connected in their minds with that of emancipation . The hon . gent . may perhaps say , fiat justitia , fuat cœlum . But he is mistaken in the application of this principle , for certainly in the present instance it would only lend to bring the greatest calamity on the negroes themselves . I hope this house will deliberate on this subject as becomes their gravity and dignity as a legislative assembly , and that it will take care not to combine what is essential injustice to the planters in the West Indies , and to the merchants employed in this trade , with certain misery to the slaves themselves . It has been said that our feelings are sed on this subject , and that this misleads our judgment . Our feelings may indeed be roused , but it is a feeling for our all . You may take my life , if you take 652 the means by which it is preserved . I now come to the last point . I have given but a very slight view of the others , not wishing to tire the patience of the housed But though I have not taken time to do them justice , I did not think it would be proper , under all circumstances , entirely to omit them . The point to which I now wish to direct the attention of the house is , the importance of the trade to the revenue of this country , and on this I shall be short . I moved for documents on this subject , which have not yet been produced . However , I did not call for them altogether with a view to this particular question , but with a view to a motion , at a future period , for an inquiry into the state of the colonics . I shall now , however , be forced to resort to the returns of last session . From these it appears that the imports in 1803 , amounted to about 17 million sterling . The article of sugar alone ; amounted to 10 million , and the whole was between 16 and 17 millions . The whole of this property is , by these discussions , put in the greatest hazard from an insurrection among the negroes , on account