were ordered to be summoned for Thursday.—Adjourned . —Sir ; the motion which I mean to submit to the house will not make it necessary for me to trouble you with many reasons in support of it , or for more than a few minutes ; and , indeed , it appeared to me so much a matter of course , that I should not have thought it required a previous notice , but for a suggestion which I am always desirous to comply with . In the course of the last session , the house thought fit to order a great variety of papers to be laid before them , to explain the causes of the war which began in 1803 , against two of the principal Mahratta chiefs , Scindia and Boosla . By the papers before the house it appears , that those chiefs were subdued and reduced to submission , and that treaties of peace had been signed with them about the close of the same year ; and it was natural to conclude that there was an end of the war in India . Nothing could be more improbable than that any of the remaining Mahratta powers should take up the contest , where 49 the others had left it ; and especially against an enemy flushed with success , and which the greatest powers of the Mahratta empire had not been able to resist . Neverthless it is known , that another war with another chief , called Holcar , immediately , or soon after , succeeded to the pacification with Scindia and Boosla . I consider it as the final act of the same transaction , and that the information before the house would not be complete without the papers relative to these last hostilities , which I propose to move for . I hold it to be of importance to the good govt . and safety of our possessions in India , that a regular communication of all material transactions should , at proper intervals , be made to parliament , and that the record of them should be preserved in this house . I have no doubt that Holcar has been subdued ; his force , compared with ours , is so inconsiderable , that one can only wonder at his venturing , at such a time especially , to provoke a quarrel with a power so much superior to him . Nevertheless he has certainly been able to make some resistance , and we know that many lives have been lost already in the course of this petty war . In one of the provinces ceded to us , called Bundalcund , a party of his cavalry surrounded a detachment of ours , consisting of two complete companies of sepoys , some cannon , and fifty European artillerymen , every man of whom were cut to pieces . The loss of the sepoys is to be lamented ; that of the artillery-men is invaluable . The main body , from which this little force was detached , immediately retired , and the officer who commanded it was put under arrest . I need not say more to prove that these transactions deserve the attention of the house . I am not aware of any reasonable objection to the motion , but if any should be made , I hope the house will permit me to reply to it . I move you , sir , `` That there be laid before this house , copies or extracts of all letters or correspondence received from India , since the last session of parliament , relative to hostilities between the British govt . and a Mahratta chief , called Jesswunt Rao Holcar , and the causes thereof , as far as may be consistent with the public service , and with the good faith due to persons from whom secret intelligence may have been received . `` —Before I sit down , I wish to mention a subject connected with the Mahratta war , on 50 which the house has received no information . I expected to find it explained in the