commons an opportunity of taking it up and , under the conviction that this was the preferable mode of proceeding , he moved , that the present order , relative to the committee of their lordships taking into consideration the matters alleged against Mr. justice Fox , be discharged , in order that the sitting of the committee be postponed for six weeks.—The question , agreeably to the regular course of proceeding , being put upon the first part of his royal highness 's proposition , namely , that of discharging the present order , observed , that on the present occasion , of the great importance of which he was fully aware , he felt no sort of bias whatever in his mind : for his own part , he had no knowledge of the learned person against whom the complaint was made , or of the causes of complaint against him . He therefore came to the consideration of the question before their lordships , with a mind perfectly free and unbiassed . With respect to the proposition of the royal duke , though he felt regret at being obliged to differ on any point , from that illustrious personage , it was one which , on his own view of the case , lie entirely disapproved of . Though he was divested of ail personal consideration with regard to Mr. justice Fox , yet he could not discharge from his mind all considerations of his case , as an individual , labouring as he must , after what had passed in their lordships ' house , under a certain degree of imputation , which a reference to his public character certainly enhanced . He must deem any proposition , tending to delay , or to retain him in his present very disadvantageous situation , as rather hard . That the learned judge was placed in such a situation as he alluded to must be obvious , when it was considered that a noble member of that house , of high character , distinguished abilities , and commanding eloquence , had come forward as he had done , and whom everyone must think would not have so come forward , unless he felt himself imperiously called upon by a sense of his public duty . That noble person had , in an address to their lordships , equal in point of eloquence and animation to any ever delivered in that house , twice come forward with Specific charges ' against the learned judge , and in consequence , it must be supposed that a degree of doubt at best must attach to the character of the learned person , until such charges were disposed of . This situation must be ren- 574 dered the more painful and disadvantageous , when his judicial character was referred to . Under what a disadvantage must not a judge , so circumstanced , go the circuits , or dispense the law from the seat of judgment ? Presiding in the circuits was a consideration very different with the judges of Ireland from what it was with the judges of South Britain . Since the recent additions ware made to the salaries of the judges in Ireland , a great deal of such increase was made to depend upon their going the circuits ; this was probably done to ensure their , attendance upon that very important part of their duty . He deprecated whatever might tend to delay their lordships decision upon the case before them ; the situation of an individual so circumstanced was to be considered—the length of time it would be necessary to retain counsel , or keep witnesses in town . A further delay of any time would have the effect of sending the learned person back as , for so it must be considered , a disgraced man . Possibly , in the first instance , it might be better the proceedings had originated in the other house . But , with respect to the right , it incontestibly vested in either house . Not a word in the relevant acts of parliament could be construed as