laid before the house on that subject ordered to be printed.—Mr . Huskisson presented an account of the duties of excise outstanding , on bond , or otherwise , up to the 5th Jan. 1805.—Mr . Huskisson obtained leave to bring in the annual bill to indemnify persons in office omitting to take the qualification oaths . moved , that the order of the day should be read for considering the report of the committee on the conduct of sir W Rawlins , knt . and R. Albion Cox , late sheriffs of the county of Middlesex , relative to their conduct at the election , in which W. Mainwaring , esq . and sir F. Burdett , bart . were the candidates for that county . After the order of the day was read , the clerk , on the motion of his 1dp . read the resolutions of the committee contained in the said report , and which were in effect as follows : `` 1 . That it appears to this committee , that , on the 13th , 14th , and 15th days of the poll , on the first of which days there was a considerable majority of votes in favour of W. Mainwaring , esq . the sheriff , R. A. Cox , esq . and sir W. Rawlins , knt . wilfully , knowingly , and corruptly , did admit to poll for sir F. Burdett , bart . upwards of 300 persons , claiming to vote under a fictitious right as proprietors of a mill purported to be situate in the parish of Isleworth , and called the Good Intent Mill , by which means a colourable majority was obtained in favour of sir F. Burdett , who was thereby returned as having the greatest number of legal votes . 2 . That it appeals to this committee , that , on the 15th day , towards the close of the poll , after such majority was established , they rejected persons tendering their votes under the same circumstances . 3d , That it appears to this committee , that the sheriff at the poll acted in a judicial capacity , by admitting counsel to argue the validity of votes , and by deciding in some instances on the validity of such votes ; that in other instances they refused to decide on the validity of votes which were objected to , and stated , that 160 they would admit any persons to poll who would take the oaths , declaring themselves to be only ministerial officers , thereby acting in a manner contradictory to their practice in other cases , and in flagrant 'violation of their duty . 4 . That it appears to this committee , that the obvious tendency of their conduct was , to admit persons having no right to poll , and to afford the greatest encouragement to perjury . '' —The clerk then , on the motion of lord Marsham , read from the journals the proceedings in the New Shoreham case , in 1771 ; and that of Great Grimsby in 1803. said , he proposed , in conformity with these precedents , to move four resolutions . 1st , That the charge should be heard at the bar . 2nd , That it should be heard on Friday , Feb. 1 . 3d , That the sheriffs , sir W. Rawlins , and R. A. Cox , esq . be ordered to attend . 4th , That the said sir W. Rawlins , and R. A. Cox , esq . be furnished with a copy of the charge , and heard by counsel.— The noble lord observed , that he proposed an early day for the discussion of this business , as it was desirable that a question of so much importance , which had stood over so long , should be determined as soon as possible ; and also , as he understood , that it would be attended with no inconvenience to the parties concerned , but rather agreeable to their wishes to expedite the discussion . Agreeably to the precedents already