, however advanced . Although the right lion . gent . who opened the debate , and those who followed him in support of the address , had thought fit conveniently for the purpose of their argument , to consider this question as embracing only one topic of discussion , to those who attentively considered it , as it appeared to him , it must obviously present itself in two points of view ; the one , whether supposing an apparent ground of complaint to have been laid , under all the circumstances of the case , it was consistent with sound policy to involve this country in a war with Spain ; the other , whether the manner of commencing hostilities can be justified . The latter , with the leave of the house , he should take the liberty of examining first , as being by far the most important , in as much as it involved in its consideration up less a question than that of national honour . And he must confess , that so far from thinking the mode in which hostilities were commenced justifiable , he alluded of course to the attack upon the Spanish frigates , to him it appeared little better than an act of piracy . This was no doubt a grave charge , and ought not to be imputed on light grounds , but if he had the good fortune to convey intelligibly to the house that which had impressed complete conviction upon his own mind , viz . that it was not warranted by any sound precedent to be found in all political history , that it was a violation of the national faith implicitly pledged , and that it was contrary to , the express letter and spirit of the law of nations , he should go pretty far towards proving , if not the whole length of proving , that the act was little better than piratical . With regard to the precedents , he believed he might safely challenge those who supported the other side of the question to traverse the whole range of universal history so far as regards the practice of civilized nations ; certain he was , he could boldly defy them to ransack our own history for a single instance of acknowledged authority upon which the act in 412 question , either in the comparison of circumstances , or upon the ground of analogy , could fairly be said to be justified . He was not unmindful of the several oases , cited by the hon . and learned gent . ( the king 's advocate ) from the history of the last century . But , in the first place , not one of those cases which could be said in its circumstances to resemble this was considered as incorporated into the code of nations for acknowledged law , but was reprobated at the time as a flagrant breach . of that law ; in the next place , they were all cited by the hon . and learned gent . himself , for the purpose of establishing , in point of fact , a principle which he ( Mr. R. ) was not at all interested or inclined to dispute ; viz . that a formal declaration of war is not always necessary previous to the commencement of hostilities . This principle was extracted from Bynkershook , a writer upon the law of nations of undoubted authority , who , in the chapter upon this head , enumerates a variety of cases in which a formal declaration of war was not deemed necessary . But that writer does not lay it down as a principle , that in no case shall it be deemed necessary , On the contrary , Vattel , whose authority is relied upon by the hon . and learned gent . himself , does expressly state , that a declaration of war is necessary , and that , too , in a case which he should hereafter shew was analogous to the case now before the house . But , he was confident the hon .