principle ; that he pro tested against the detention of the Spanish frigates , and abhorred the policy which had been the cause of the shedding so much blood : in fine , he protested against a system of aggression and unprovoked hostility , be cause he thought each of those considerations greatly injurious , not only to the interest but also to the character of the country . ( Sir John Nicholl ) entered at considerable length into a discussion of the merits of the case on the part of our govt . as their conduct appeared to him to be countenanced and 406 authorised by the established usage or law of nations . This law was not to be found in any official document , which was universally agreed upon or enacted for that purpose . Our opinions on this subject were be guided by the following criteria : 1st , the sound deductions of natural reason ; 2dly , the authority of the most eminent men ; and 3dly , the most general practice observed by civilized nations when placed in circumstances similar to those , on the propriety or impropriety of which we have to bring our minds to a decision . In a plain , reasonable view of the subject , it if admitted that the treaty of St. Hdefonso was in itself a just and sufficient cause of war . The principle of self-defence which is so deeply implanted in the breast of man , was further roused by a consideration of the circumstances which followed . The force for which they had stipulated was to be commuted for a pecuniary aid to an immense extent . There were other terms extorted by the threats of general Bournonville , but which were never explained to us . We had another and a most important reason which prompted us to adopt precautionary measures , that was the mission of Mr . Le Brun , a naval officer . The object of that mission the prince of peace would not disclose to our Ambassador ; but it was truly and obviously meant to procure the egress of the French and Spanish ships , and to render them more secure in their passage to some of the northern ports of France . From these observations there could be little doubt that they intended to act together . If so , this was an infraction of the supposed convention or agreement , which was understood to have existed between the two countries , and we had a reasonable ground for war . It then naturally followed , that we should feel ourselves particularly entitled to seize on that description of property which otherwise most probably would have been sent to replenish the coffers of our enemy . In this we did not out step the bounds prescribed by the most eminent writers on the law of nations , All writers from Vattel to Martens , who is one of the most modern on the subject , have agreed that if an injury be received , or an injustice done , and that explanation is demanded on the one side , and refused on the other if there is a notice given to the power so refusing , that , if such conduct is persisted in , it will be considered as a sufficient cause of war . If after this solemn , warning as 407 the writers on this subject observe , that power shall continue those acts which are deemed acts of aggression , and shall still withhold all explanation on the subject , hostilities against her will then be founded in the principles of justice . An hon . gent . had compared this conduct between two nations to similar conduct between man and man ; this however was erroneous . An individual illegally threatened with a premeditated attack by another , would find protection and redress by appealing to the tribunals of the law . It was not so in national disputes : if one country perceived that another had assumed a fighting attitude , and that her own destruction , or any serious injury