less than 70 printed pages . Every exertion was used to get the papers ready for presentation that day , but it was found impracticable ; and it was wished the house should meet to-morrow , for the purpose of laying the papers on the table with the earliest possible opportunity . With respect to the blame which the noble earl seemed to impute to him , for his conduct on the occasion , he must say , he thought no blame could fairly be imputed to him , either for what he had done in the first instance , or in the subsequent proceedings . He had certainly , according to what he had professed , laid every information before the house , which he thought necessary , for the due understanding of the subject . He had professed his anxious wish to have the subject fully and completely before parliament and the public , and on that principle he acted . The idea of producing additional information , it should be recollected , did not originate with him ; it was deemed , upon maturer consideration of the topics , to be necessary by other persons , and in other quarters . In conformity , therefore , with the wish to have every degree of information which might be deemed necessary before parliament and the public , it was , that he had proposed the production of the additional documents ; and this with as little delay as possible : in which view , and with reference to an early discussion of , and decision upon , the subject , it was proposed to meet to-morrow . Such an attack upon ministers as that proceeding from the noble earl , he had never yet heard of . He had heard of attacks upon ministers , for withholding due information in the first instance , and pertinaciously refusing it afterwards ; but never , till that day , did he hear them blamed for wishing to give every possible information upon a. subject . He had heard of attacks upon ministers , for wishing to urge a premature discussion of particular topics ; but never , till then , did he hear any ministers arraigned for postponing the day , in order to afford a full and ample interval for deliberation . With respect to the noble earl 's idea , that a wish existed with his maj. 's present ministers , to induce a servile imitation , on the part of that house , of the proceedings of the other house of parliament , it was entirely unfounded , Did such a desire manifest itself in an obvious wish to give their lordships as full and complete information upon the 167 subject in question , as that which was proposed to be given to the other house ? Did a line of proceeding , obviously intended to enable that house to discuss and decide upon the subject , on at least as early a day as the other house , argue a wish to make their lordships the servile imitators and followers of that house ? Certainly not . So much for the assertion of the noble earl on that head , and the wish to meet to-morrow being in strict conformity to every principle laid down by his majesty 's ministers in that house for their conduct ; with respect to the subject in question , he did not see how any noble lord could consistently object to the proceeding . said , he did not , nor could he ever have intended to complain , that too much information had been afforded . He would say , however , that it was the duty of ministers to have known what papers were requisite for the discussion of the question ; and that they should have come prepared with them in the first instance.—Adjowned . rose and said , that he stated on a former day , his intention of submitting to the house , this day , the manner in which he would proceed upon this subject . It was then his intention , he said