have employed a fleet of double the strength , in the detention of the Spanish ships , when that detention was resolved on , by which means the unhappy accident which had occurred would have been avoided . The act by which it had been alledged that our army was to be rendered so completely effective , and by which such wonderful things were to have been produced , he also agreed with the noble earl in thinking absurd and ridiculous in the extreme , and completely inadequate to any good purpose , He hoped one of the first acts of the present session would be to repeal it . —My Lords ; I rise to give my entire and complete concurrence to every part of the address . It so perfectly coincides with every expression which I have used , and every sentiment which I have uniformly professed , upon the great question which it embraces , I mean the question of war , that it must of necessity command my full and entire consent . I hold it my duty , and the duty of every man , not only in this house , but in the country at large , to concur in the determination to support the war in which we are engaged , with that vigour and firmness from which alone we can expect a successful and prosperous issue ; to support it not merely by words , but by the most strenuous and efficient exertions in his power . By these , general words , I do not mean , however , to pledge myself to all the detail of the several subjects which the address may embrace . With all the particulars of the state of the military force of the country , and other subjects , which it comprehends , I can not be presumed so well acquainted as to be able , at this moment , to give a decided opinion . Upon these , then , I must reserve myself , until the necessary papers are laid before the house , and I shall have had time to consider them ; but , with this reservation , I repeat , that the address has my full and complete concurrence , and that it becomes the duty of every man in this country to support the war by his most vigorous exertions . I am sure it will have the concurrence of every British heart ; for it must be the feeling of every man , that we ought steadily , constantly , and vigo- 17 rously to persevere in the contest in which we are engaged ; until we ban bring it to a safe and honourable termination ; and towards that effect , that we ought all to surround the throne with an unanimous declaration of supporting his Majesty in the resolution which he has this day so graciously expressed , of maintaining the honour and interests of the empire inviolate . I do assure the noble sec . of state , that there is no individual who enters more earnestly into the wish which lie so warmly expressed oft this subject than myself . We can have but one sentiment on the principle of national honour and security . Whatever differences there may be as to the manner of attaining the great end , there can be none as to the end itself . I rejoice , therefore , that the address is drawn up in terms in which this house can unanimously agree . I shall only , therefore , detain you , my lords , by a remark on two points , which form the principal features of the speech . The first is the overture which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify has been made to him by the French government . It is impossible to say at this moment more than this ; that , uninformed as to the tenor and extent of that overture , and uninformed of the basis , if any , winch it proposes for a negotiation ; or of the disposition and temper with which it was