of irregularity mentioned by his right hon . friend near him , ought not to be wholly omitted , as they tended distinctly to shew the motives by which the sheriffs had been actuated . The question was , whether or not the sheriffs , with an intention of giving sir F. Burdett an unfair majority , did wilfully and corruptly admit the mill-voters , knowing them at the same time to be bad , and on the 15 day of the poll , towards the close , when the majority turned in favour of sir Francis , rejected votes exactly similar to those they had before accepted . Examine them by their own evidence . They had laid down two rules for their conduct ; one , how to acquire information , the other , how to act on such information when acquired . The hon . and learned gent . proved , by an examination of the circumsances of the case , that they either departed from , these rules , or adhered to them as inconvenience dictated . After exposing the ' impossibility that the sheriffs should be ignorant of the absurdity of the claims set up by the Isleworth mill-holders to aright of voting , from their possession of a freehold , be commented severely on their conduct with regard to Albion Copper . 851 Satisfied as they must have been , that this man had no right whatever to give his vote on the election , they allowed him to be sent to his oath , that is , to go to certain perjury . The sheriffs had decreed , among their regulations , that no inspector should put a question to a voter but through the medium of a poll clerk ; but the right of pulling questions in this way was never questioned until the 14th day of the poll , when Mr. Silvester objected to the first set of mill voters that were brought up , on the ground of joint tenantry , and shortness of possession . On an absurd pretence that the question should not be asked on the hustings , but in the box , they prevented him from making the necessary inquiries , and on his requesting Mr. Mainwaring to do so , sheriff Rawlins in a very rude way , and which was still more reprehensible when Mr. Mainwaring 's age wu6 considered , shoved him from the hustings . It should be the object of the returning officer , at every election , to ascertain the truth , if possible ; but here the endeavours of the sheriffs were evidently directed to smother it , and they strictly forbade the voters to answer any question , lest they should betray themselves . Nor did these facts depend solely upon the evidence of Mr. Silvester , it was corroborated by that of Mr. Smith , who confirmed it indeed in every particular . The hon . learned gent . entered into a strict investigation of the circumstances attending the last day of the poll , and contended , in opposition to the learned gent . who had been heard at the bar , and who wished to prove , that the conduct of the sheriffs on that day was favourable to Mr. Mainwaring , that their conduct was directly the reverse . On that day all the old whigs , as they were called , voted for sir Burdett . About the middle of the day , when according to the evidence of Mr. Clifford himself , who was sir F. B 's counsel , the election was a hollow thing in his favor ; objections were listened to by the sheriffs against a body of mill voters , and for this proceeding they qlaim the praise of candour and impartiality , when in fact , the election being secure , they began to think they had carried the matter top far by the unquestioned admission of these voters , and wished to retrieve their character by an affected severity . The hon . and learned gem . concluded by expressing his hope , that under all