. in demonstrating it . At the same time , he was not prepared to say , nor did he mean to state , whether or not there were any persons in the predicament assumed by that part of the noble lord 's motion ; but , to contend , that , if there were , it would be impolitic and imprudent in the extreme , to agree to that part of the motion , which , if pressed , he felt his duty to resist . replied , that , in consequence of what had just fallen from the noble sec . of state , he should , for the present , wave that part of the motion . However , he begged the noble lord to consider farther of the point , between that , and some future day , whether it was right to persist in refusing to lay such information before parliament ? In his own mind , it was highly proper ; and it was his intention , therefore , to bring forward a motion to the like effect on u , future opportunity.—The question was put on the first and second motions , and they were ordered accordingly.—Adjourned . rose and observed 474 that this was the second time , during the short period he had had the honour of a seat in parliament , that the house had been called on to pass a measure of this sort , in respect to Ireland . He could not but lament that the house should be called on the present occasion , to adopt a measure of this nature upon such extraordinary grounds , or rather upon the absence of all ground whatsoever ; for all enquiry as to the necessity of passing such a law , had been peremptorily refused . He would not pretend to say there was no possible case that could exist in which the house could be warranted to adopt such a bill without enquiry , as certainly a case might occur in which the notoriety of public danger was so palpable to every man as to supercede all necessity for enquiry : but did such a case exist at this moment ? If it did exist , it must exist in the dark ; and if there was sedition in the country , it must be secret ; and before the house was called upon to pass a bill for suspending so important a branch of the constitutional law towards the people of Ireland , it was incumbent upon those who brought it forward , to prove that necessity , and upon the house to go into enquiry , before it was induced to adopt the measure . If danger or sedition did lurk in any part of Ireland , it did not follow , that a measure of so much severity ought , therefore , to attach upon the whole country . But his maj. 's ministers had adduced no proof that the mischief had existence in any part of that country . Without due proof of such evil existing , the house was called upon to refuse the measure ; and if any ill consequence should occur from such refusal , the blame ought not to attach upon parliament , but upon his maj. 's ministers , who shall not have brought forward the proofs necessary to justify parliament in passing such a law . But in the present case , at a notice of 24 hours , the house was called on to adopt the measure ; and when his maj. 's ministers are asked to bring forward the proofs of the necessity , they answer , `` proofs are not necessary . Depend upon it the danger exists . Depend upon it the powers conveyed by this bill will not he abused in the lenient hands of the present Chief Governor of Ireland . '' But was this , he would ask , the language for ministers to hold to parliament , or upon which that house would feel itself warranted to act , for the suspension of , the constitutional liberties of the people