the view he should take of it was a still more important one . The fact of its producing but a very small number of . Men was a disadvantage , but its most objectionable effects lay deeper , 800 and in these views of it the consequences of the measure were truly alarming . Were he to state from memory certain clauses and provisions of the bill to which he alluded , their lordships would regard it to be impossible , that any act of parliament should contain such clauses and provisions . But he had a printed copy of the bill in his pocket , to this he would refer , and if any of their lordships doubted the correctness of his print , they could compare it with the statute upon the table . It was the act for raising and maintaining a permanent additional force , & c. and passed the 29th day of June last . In the 20th section of this act , for he wished regularly to refer their lordships to the chapter and verse which he quoted , the parish officers were entitled to certain sums . In the 24th section , the bounties were not to exceed three-fourths of the money which should from time to time be allowed as bounties , for the infantry for general service . This was done , no doubt , from a conviction that three-fourths of the bounty would be more acceptable than the whole ; or it might be done upon a calculation of the difference in value , between men so raised , and those enlisted for general service . By the 33d section , inspectors were to ascertain the deficiencies in the numbers allotted to be raised by the respective parishes , on which justices of the peace were authorised to assess such parishes , in proportion to the deficiencies aforesaid ; the 34th clause enacted , that such penalties should be levied , but not paid out of the poor 's rates . They were then necessarily to fall upon the farmers ; but he wished to know , how these farmers were to be indemnified . How , but by raising the prices of corn and provisions upon the people ! The last bill which affected these things directly , he had singly to oppose . Yet , the bill now referred to was fully as mischievous as that ; nay , it went something deeper , and to the full , made as effective a part of the famine-mongering system . This was a strong incontrovertible reason for the committee required by the motion , in order that at least such a nuisance , such an engine in the system of starvation , might be done away . It was not only helping to starve the poor , but , through a rise of the price of labour , to raise the price of manufactures , and so injure their sale in foreign markets ; from that would spring the ruin of the commerce of the country , thence the ruin of 801 its navy and the shipping interests , and , with these , the ruin of its military defence . The antidotes to these dreadful disorders might be had in the discontinuance of a system which starved and famished the people . Better were it not to tax the farmers at all ; for whatever taxes were laid on them , would , in case of all direct taxes on the tallow chandler , the brewer , & c. induce a rise in prices of grain and corn , articles of the first necessity . The rise in these would necessarily beget a rise in the prices of labour ; and that by a necessary and mischievous progression would re-act , so as to produce a still further rise in the prices of corn and grain . The effect of the bill was directly to tax the farmer , in addition to all his other , and increasing burdens . It was obvious that the prices of provision had increased , were increasing , and ought to