176l , the whole year 's treasure was in the ports of Spain : the war is now begun with the treasures of Spain at the disposal of G. Britain ; and , in proof that the measure alluded to was not made a ground for the war , his ldp . made some further references to the documents . Drawing towards a conclusion , his ldp . contended , that no nation ever was placed in a state of war with such complete and accurate grounds of moderation and forbearance to 344 rest upon , as this country in the present instance . No proof of aggression , or ill will , could be advanced against us . Every nerve was strained by his maj. 's govt . to avert the dreadful alternative of war , and the evil day was kept off as long as possible : that nothing had been done , which could not be justified by the right the country had to defend itself was perfectly evident : he called on the house for its support . He was compelled by a sense of his duty to his country , and a perfect reliance on the justice of her cause , and on which was grounded his confidence that their lordships would unanimously concur in the address he should have the honour to propose . The noble secretary then moved an address to his maj. corresponding with , the relevant paragraph of his maj. 's speech , applauding the wisdom and justice of the measures of his maj. 's govt . in the recent transactions with Spain , and more especially that system of moderation and forbearance which characterised the whole , which was persevered in as long as the same could be done consistently with a just regard to the honour of his maj. 's crown , and the interest and welfare of his subjects , and promising the cordial support of their ldps . The address being put , rose . His lordship said , he saw the matter in a light so extremely different , in almost every particular , from the noble lord who had just sat down , that he should ill discharge his duty to his sovereign and the country , did he not state some of his reasons of dissent from the address which had just been moved . Without any prefatory observations on the subject , he trusted that noble lords would believe that he would be one of the last men in that house , for the mere sake of opposition to a minister , to do any thing which could at all cast discredit on the govt . where the character of the country was so intimately concerned in the discussion . He felt , however , that he should in this case be committing the , honour and dignity of the country , were he to abstain from delivering the sentiments which occurred to him , on a fair , dispassionate , and careful examination of the materials on the table . In doing so , what appeared to him as being the most regular and parliamentary course would be to move an amendment , He could not propose to negative the address moved ; by the noble lord . Having such materials ; before them as were now lying on the 345 table of that house , such a line of conduct would indeed be improper . They could alone discharge their duty by laying their sentiments on this important subject before his majesty . In the first place , he felt no hesitation in saying , he most cordially acquiesced in that part of his maj. 's declaration which states , that from the first moment of the commencement of hostilities between this country arid France , justifiable grounds existed for our going to war with Spain also . On that subject he presumed to think there could not be two opinions . But if govt . thought proper to wave that right , and to enter into negotiations how far they would allow Spain to fulfil , and how far they