armaments in Ferrol was a direct breach of the agreement , if such an agreement had existed , inasmuch as it was contrary to the first condition required , He agreed , that Spain was forced into the transactions we complained of by France . That consideration was the cause of all our forbearance : but when there was Reason to think that France was about to exert its tyrannical influence further , to drive Spain into a. general war against us , and that the arina 403 ment preparing by Spain was destined to carry reinforcements to her foreign possessions , to render them more secure from us in the event of a war , it became our duty to take care , that if we were to go to war with Spain , we should not have to commence hostilities under circumstances of such disadvantage . The arguments which the hon . gent , used on this subject went counter to the whole language of the Spanish govt . That govt . allowed the existence of the armament , and the disturbances in Biscay were assigned as the cause to which object the forces were applied , when from the conduct pursued by his maj. 's govt . it became necessary to abandon the expedition . Repeated notice had been given to Spain , and every care had been taken on our side to prevent the effusion of blood , and to avoid hostile collision ; notice had been given of the removal of ships of war from one port to another ; and if notice was not given of the intention to detain the treasure ships , it was , as lord harrowby very properly said , because the communication would be useless to Spain if it did not reach that country in time ; and the design would be rendered abortive if it did . The whole essence of the instructions given to Mr. Frere was to obtain security from the conduct of Spain , and to endeavour , by all consistent means , to bring the negotiation to an amicable issue . But while M. ဟAnduaga promised a strict and faithful neutrality here , British ships were seized in the ports of Spain , and a declaration of war published at Madrid . Indeed , through the whole negotiation , M. ဟAnduaga did nothing more than go over what had already been discussed with Mr. Frere , at Madrid , with this difference , that M. ဟAnduaga fell into some mistakes . Thus , whatever reasoning was contained in his note , war was declared by Spain on the ground of her alliance with France ; and on that ground only . The substance of her convention with France was , that she should put the govt . of that country in possession of all her resources ; and no greater proof need be required how much Spain is under the dominion of France , than the apprehension which she had of the danger of disclosing the terms of the convention . He therefore thought himself fully borne out , when he sat down in the full conviction , that the influence of France was the cause of the war which this country had most studiously and perseveringly endeavoured to avoid . 404 Earl Temple thought that his noble friend had misconceived the argument of the hon . gent . who preceded him . His right hon . relation ( Mr. Pitt ) had also brought forward his great abilities , not so much to shew what was the cause of the war , as to argue what might be the causes of war with Spain . For his part , he thought we had no right to keep our causes of war against Spain in our pockets , till we thought it convenient to produce them ; he thought we should have dealt fairly and openly with that country , and have let them know on what terms we were content to maintain peace with them , and for what we should make war with them . Instead of that , our ministers told