the court of Madrid , excepting that respecting the sale of prizes , has the smallest attention been paid . Spain was required to discontinue her armaments ; this she did not do . She was required to communicate the terms of that convention which she had last entered into with France ; this she either evaded , or when strongly pressed to it , peremptorily refused to do . She was required , not to permit the entrance of French troops into her territory ; in defiance of this , the French ships of war , which were blockaded in the port of Ferrol , were recruited through Spain , and enabled , by the reinforcements so obtained , to contend with the squadron by which that harbour was observed . I will , notwithstanding the immense difference of opinion between the noble lord and me , admit that it is difficult not to agree with him in this one point , that the detention of the Spanish ships could not be well considered as other than as an act of hostility . There is , however , strong ground , my lords , upon which that act can be justified . The time was , or had nearly arrived , when France would no longer suffer Spain to enjoy the advantages of that neutrality , which , upon certain conditions , his maj. 's ministers were disposed to admit . No , my lords , that would by no means suit with the ambitious views of that power ; her own means being crippled or exhausted , she wanted to possess herself of the naval power of Spain , and she was seeking for pretexts to seize it , when she found that her neutrality would be no longer beneficial to her . My lords , I lament that the noble earl has stigmatized the causes of the war in the manner he has done . The people of this country will not exert themselves in the manner that their spirit and loyalty would induce them to do , if they are not persuaded of the justice of the war ; they have moral feelings , and those feelings must be con- 352 sulted and satisfied , before the government can expect to derive the full effect of their zeal and patriotism . I shall therefore , my lords , oppose the amendment ' of the noble earl , which goes in my mind materially to clog the war . It would be in vain to say , that we either support his majesty , or the cause in which he is engaged , by adopting it . contended that the principles on which this discussion with Spain had been conducted were inconsistent and contradictory . The forbearance that had been exercised at the beginning of it ill accorded with the system of hostility that succeeded . Ministers denied the existence of any convention between them and the govt . of Spain , respecting the stipulated sums that Spain was to pay to France in lieu of contingents ; but even from their own statements it was impossible not to discover some sort of agreement or understanding . Without gross misrepresentation , it could hot be denied , that satisfaction , was obtained on the principal points that were at issue . The noble lord 's instructions shewed that he had obtained satisfaction from some quarter . If he was satisfied , why did he not inform Mr. Frere so ? or if not satisfied , why did he not press that gentleman to get farther satisfaction ? But the noble lord had perhaps been busy with the volunteer bill when he should have been attending to his foreign relations . The noble lord then at-temped to account for the activity exhibited so lately in that department . The present ministers had declaimed against the former for their want of energy , and they wished , perhaps , to shew that they had more spirit , and as they could make no impression on France they made Spain the object of their aggression . The noble lord then