given some time ago , but it was suffered to drop on account of the urgency of the business which was likely to come before the house . That business , however , has been unavoidably delayed ; and as the time when this act would expire was so near , it was impossible to postpone the notice any longer . Having thus endeavoured to explain frankly and plainly , the grounds of the measure , and the reason of the proceedings with respect to it , I trust I have satisfied the house of the propriety of agreeing to the motion , and given a sufficient answer to the arguments of its opponents . in explanation said , that he had not stated that he would in no circumstances concur in the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act without instituting a committee of inquiry , but this he did say , and was ready to maintain , that upon such grounds as those which were stated for the motion before the house , it would be quite unjustifiable to answer to that motion without previous inquiry . —Much , sir , as I have been alarmed , and have had to regret the opinions avowed , and the conduct pursued by the ministers of this country for several years back , particularly while headed by the right hon . gent . who now presides over the administration of his maj. 's govt . yet I confess that I have never felt an equal degree of alarm to that which the sentiments he has just uttered have excited in my mind . I should hope , sir , that he did not speak seriously . If he did ; if he really and deliberately holds such sentiments , I must say that I consider him as maintaining principles the most alarming that I have ever heard promulgated in this house or this country , and such as I could scarcely suppose it possible that any man who imagined the people of England retained any degree of regard for their liberties , would venture to declare , or who professed even a respect for the spirit of the British constitution would hear without pain . If the doctrines which the right hon . gent . has this night avowed , be those upon which he means to act , and if he should obtain power sufficient to carry them into effect , melancholy indeed is the prospect for this country ! But , perhaps , the right hon . gent . meant to use the declarations I have referred to merely as a defence against the arguments of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and not as the indication of a settled opinion . If even so , they were inefficient to the purpose of such defence , and they certainly went much beyond any principles avowed by the right hon . gent . or any of his colleagues , during the last war ; yet they were not inconsistent with those principles . They were different from , though not contrary to , the nature of those maxims which dictated that mischievous course of policy towards the people and their privileges , which it was my uniform endeavour to deprecate and prevent . Indeed , the rt . hon . gent . himself never attempted to go the length he has hazarded to-night . He never before ventured to maintain that because some of the people were bad subjects , the liberty of the whole people should be placed at the discretion of the minister and his agents by the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . With this statement he has coupled something which he meant as a reply to the arguments of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and as a charge upon me and those gent . who acted with me in resisting the frequent motions for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus 324 Act , which in the course of the last way were carried through this house . The hon . gent . stated that my right