tax can not now be renewed , on what principle was it that gentlemen objected to the increase ? This , truly , was a very singular and novel sort of reasoning . He would ask the right hon . gent , if the tax amounted only to two hundred thousand pounds he would object to the repeal ? He believed the right hon . gent , could then have no doubt as to the policy of the repeal . The old tax amounted to a million , hence arose the difficulty of destroying so large an amount of revenue . But the new tax proposed to render this revenue greater by five hundred thousand pounds , and hence the difficulty of the repeal was greatly enhanced . On this ground , if he had no others , he should therefore object to the fresh imposition . It was not only oppressive now that war existed , but would infallibly throw fresh obstacles in the way of the repeal , whenever peace came to be restored . Now , as to the tax itself , he further objected to it , that it attached to one of the direct necessaries of life . With respect to many articles of consumption to which taxes applied , the lower orders had a remedy , either by discontinuing them altogether , or by using them in a more sparing manner . But here the evil could not by any means be avoided . The right hon . gent , had said , that the fisheries would not be affected in consequence of the drawback to be afforded . The very necessity of the drawback was , however , an argument against the tax . Difficulties srpse out of drawbacks in two ways . In the one case , the revenue was defrauded , pr in the other , the individual would not derive the advantages intended by the legislature . He could suppose the case of a poor man who cured a small quantity of fish chiefly for his own use ; but perhaps , partly for a retail trader . Now , in this case , it was next to an impossibility to make the distinction betwixt the salt used for this trade , and that employed for his own use . As to the tax generally , he condemned it in its application to the poor , as countrary to every principle , on which taxation had hitherto been founded . It had always been hitherto acted on as a general 700 principle , that wheat , corn , and butcher 's meat , should not be directly taxed . Here , however , butcher 's meat was indirectly taxed , and that sort of food which the lower orders principally depended on for their subsistence . The right hon . gent , had argued that the tax would fall lightly on the poorer classes ; but how did this appear , when it was to attach chiefly to salt provisions , which , with the exception of bread and potatoes , where salt too was indispensable , constituted the sole support of the laborious orders ? He did not pretend himself to have much information on this subject , but he had felt it his duty to inquire into the business , and he found , that if twenty score were to be salted , it would require no less than a bushel and a half of salt . It was true that a hog of this size was not likely to be in the hands of a person in the lower orders of life . But this , so far from weakening , strongly corroborated his argument . It was well enough known , that if a bog of a smaller size was to be salted , a greater quantity , of salt in proportion would be required . Supposing then that a small hog was to be salted , and a quantity of salt , which now paid a duty of 14s . was required , the same quantity would cost 20s . for though the tax was