my intention to trespass much on their time at this late period . I shall , however , avail myself of the privilege granted to the opener of a motion , to say a few words in reply to the objections which have been started against the motion which I have had the honour to submit to the house . I can assure the house , that what I have to say shall be short , for though I value volunteering very highly , I certainly am not over zealous to reply to speeches which were totally destitute of any thing in the shape of argument . I was not sur- 782 prized that the noble lord felt so forcibly that he and his friends were called on for some answer , and to state their reasons for still supporting this bill . If they had given no answer , it might very fairly have been inferred , that it was because they had no answer to give . In their answer , however , they took care to avoid the main objections that had been urged on this side of the house ; namely , that the bill was unconstitutional in its principle , and had completely failed in its effect . The noble lord , however , conceives that the argument of the bill not having been fairly tried was quite too strong for the great abilities of my hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) to combat ; but , in no part of my hon . friend 's speech did he more successfully grapple with the arguments of the supporters of the bill , than where he demonstrated that no future trial could possibly reconcile parliament and the country to it . The noble lord complains that the operation of the bill in Scotland and Ireland has been purposely passed over . But let it be recollected , that the bill to which the present motion immediately applies is confined to England , and has nothing whatever to do with Scotland or Ireland . And here , sir , I can not help reminding the house , that the bill was carried against the sense of a considerable majbrity of the representatives of England . I do not mean to dispute the right of the members for the other parts of the United Kingdom to vote on such questions ; but it is not difficult to conceive , that members for Scotland and Ireland by voting in support of a minister , on a question which does not affect their own constituents , might expect to have something conceded to them in the two bills which were to follow . The bill for Scotland has , however , failed still more than the one now under consideration . In Ireland , I am ready to admit , that proportionably more men have been raised by the parishes , but not one volunteer has inlisted for general service , which was the professed object of the bill . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer has told us , that if the bill should prove a measure of taxation , he will be the very first man to move for its repeat . Now it does appear , that altogether only 1250 men have been raised by the bill in England , and after deducting deaths and casualties , 681 is the number of men actually recruited by the parishes ; consequently the remainder have been raised by fines and penalties , or , in other words , by 783 taxation . The right hon . gent . complains that I used harsh and violent language towards him , that I wandered from the subject in discussion , and sought to supply the defect of argument by personal reflections . Although I may be supposed to be sometimes a warm speaker in this house , I believe I have never been accused of harbouring much political animosity against any man . The right hon . gent . intended , I suppose , to contrast my violent language with his own singular gentleness and meekness of