her armies , and , perhaps , destroyed the Spanish monarchy , besides , the consideration of what was due to our ancient ally , Portugal , which by this measure might also be over-run and destroyed , a thing now to be expected . He concluded by saying , that no part of our conduct with regard lo Spain redounded to our honour , on the contrary to our disgrace , such as was regarded by the most intelligent persons on the continent with utter reprobation , for which reasons he must protest against it , and vole for the amendment . could not refrain from expressing the greatest salivation at being able entirely to concur in opinion with the hon . gent . who had spoken second in order in the debate of this evening ; he wished , however , to add one or two observations to those which that hon . gent . had made on the statements of the learned gent . who had preceded him , and who commenced the discussion of this night . He should avoid adverting to the speech of the hon . gent who had just sat down , not out of the slightest disrespect to that gent . but because to all his arguments , complete answers would be found in the statement made yesterday evening by his right hon . friend near him , and he was , very unwilling to certain the house long , anxious as they necessarily must be , to hear the opinions of so many great and distinguished characters among them , who had not been 428 afforded an opportunity of expressing their sentiments on this momentous subject . With regard to the analogy which the learned gentleman ( Mr. Raine ) asserted to exist between diplomatic proceedings and the occurrences of special pleading , and with regard to the construction which he had attempted to put on the different passages that he had quoted from various writers on the law of nations , he would not enter into any dispute with the learned gent . conscious as he felt of his own in competency to the task ; otherwise he would not hesitate to acknowledge that the passages so quoted conveyed to his mind a very different meaning , and led to very opposite reasonings . The learned gent . although he allowed that the unexplained treaty of St. Hdefonso afforded a complete justification of war with Spain , yet seemed to wish that something more decisive had appeared in the conduct of the British ; govt . to Spain , on the breaking out of the war with France ; and that , instead of the forbearance and moderation which had distinguished the conduct of our court to that of Spain , and by which we had vainly hoped to secure the neutrality of that power , we had directed a message to the Spanish govt . requiring a categorical answer , containing a complete explanation how far Spain conceived herself to be bound by the treaty of St. Ildefonso , In this wish he must totally dissent from the learned gent . What would have been the result of such a proceding ? What answer should we have received from that court ? And what impression could have been made by a demand , calculated to irritate and provoke those whom the learned gent . admitted ( and in this point he perfectly agreed with him ) , it was our true policy to soothe and conciliate . Should we have attained our object ? Should we have received a decisive negative or affirmative ? The probability is not . The government of Spain would have replied `` we have no desire to act up to the conditions of the treaty , we rather wish to avoid doing so , and we ask for time to enable us to concert the best measures for eluding them . '' Then , had his maj 's ministers received such an answer , would the learned gent . have been prepared to advise them to deny the Spanish application for a prolongation of