were made . The question had already been discussed at great length ; but if the noble earl thought that it still required farther consideration , it was not so late but they might yet hear every objection that could be started to the address , and on many occasions the house had sat to a much later hour . If any observations were made which required an answer , he should claim the indulgence of their lordships for that purpose . said that in his opinion no satisfactory answer had been given to the observations of his noble friends on these , most extraordinary papers . then rose , and in a speech of considerable length , entered into an examination of the papers on the table , and of the whole conduct of ministers during the negotiation . His ldp . professed his utter astonishment that the noble lord who had risen to express his determination to oppose any motion for an adjournment , had not thought it his duty to say one word in explanation of the huge mass of papers on the table , so as to throw some light on a 355 transaction , which in his mind reflected no credit on the administration of which he formed a part ; nay , which brought great discredit on the country itself . It was impossible to conceive any thing more extraordinary , than the conduct of his maj. 's ministers had been in the whole of the negotiation , if they were to judge from the documents that had been laid before them ; for though paper was heaped on paper , and they had deliveries after deliveries , there was no communication made by which they could learn the motives of govt . in this most important and calamitous affair . There appeared nothing but negligence , inattention , and mystery . For the whole course of 18 months that this negotiation had lasted , there appeared but four dispatches from ministers to Mr. Frere , at Madrid ; and even these were distinguished only by their containing nothing to the purpose , or by being unintelligible , or contradictory . The noble lord opposite to him had thrown out a challenge that no charge could be brought against ministers for their conduct in this negotiation ; he accepted the challenge , and presumed to say he should prove , from their own papers , that they had been most criminally remiss , silent , and inattentive to all the eager and repeated applications which had been made to them by the Spanish govt . to explain their system ; that they had even kept their own agent at the court of Madrid ignorant of their views ; that they had neglected every opening that had been made them of preventing a rupture ; that they had . without provocation , treated , in the first instance , with indifference and contempt the court of Spain , and when they had thus finally driven them into the hands of France that they had acted with violence , injustice , and unpardonable precipitancy . The noble lord to illustrate these points , shewed from the documents on the table , that after the commencement of the war with France , ministers had taken more than a fortnight to think of an instruction to Mr. Frere at Madrid , how to conduct himself towards that important court on that interesting emergency . Their first instruction was dated the 2d of June , and from that period no second letter was sent by them to their minister at Madrid , until the 24th of Nov. following . And this , though he repeatedly solicited them to be explicit , and urged the necessity of treating the Spanish court with care , attention , and respect . This was not all . The Spanish court was most desirous of coming to a good un- 356 derstanding with England , and made the most earnest applications for that purpose ; No answer whatever was given to these ref peated invitations to an amicable negotiation . Though goaded by the