house be in , the smallest degree precluded from entertaining the question of proceeding hereafter in any particular mode . Neither the house nor the committee would in the least degree be bound by the motion ; a consideration which he thought it proper should be understood . observed , that the noble lord who had just sat down had exactly expressed his sense of the question before the house . The committee were left at full liberty to proceed as they should think fit , and the house would retain its option to adopt or reject the opinion of the committee.—The question was then put , and the motion carried . brought forward the motion , of which he had given notice on a former evening , upon this subject . The noble earl called to the recollection of the house the circumstance of the disturbances which took place in the county of Devon , in the spring of the year 1801 ; about which time , a species of mutiny existed in certain of his majesty 's dock-yards . To these his attention had been called in his official capacity of lord lieutenant of that county ; the then high prices of corn and other articles of provision were held out as the pretext , and , perhaps , might , in some degree , be the cause . In the course of the disturbances , several acts of violence took place , and it shortly appeared that the parties were actuated by motives distinct from those which had been held out as the pretexts . The contagion was spread to the dock-yards , where it operated in a manner the most dangerous . In its progress , plans of communication with the royal dock-yards in other quarters , and committees of correspondence were established , for the purpose of enforcing the claims of the refractory artificers , He had done whatever lay in his power to satisfy those persons , and to allay the dis- 716 turbances ; it was , however , at the same time , obviously proper to proceed with the utmost caution , and under the circumstances of the case , he had deemed it expedient to communicate to his majesty 's ministers what observations he had made , and the impression left upon his mind . The communication was officially made in the first instance to a noble duke , then at the head of the home department . It was the wish of the government to avail itself of his local Knowledge upon the occasion ; he accordingly gave every information upon the subject in his power . It was not his intention then to take up their lordships ' time , neither did he think it would be regular to enter into any details of the transactions alluded to , or notices of the correspondence ; at length he received notice from a noble earl , now in his place , and then at the head of the board of admiralty , that a commission had been appointed to enquire into the proceedings in question ; and thoroughly investigating the circumstances of the case ; the result of these enquiries was , as he understood , the dismissal from his majesty 's dock-yards of more than one hundred persons . He had left all his documents upon the subject in the country , not imagining the subject would ever again be revived . He therefore could not speak precisely , but the number he believed was from one hundred to an hundred and twenty ; these men were discharged , and the measure was followed up by sending the names of the culprits to all the other king 's , and even to the merchants ' dock-yards , in order , as he should imagine , that they should not be received or employed in them . But he afterwards learned , and he had no reason to doubt the truth of his information , that several of the dismissed artificers had been received into his majesty 's dock-yards . He must take it for granted , that the dismissal