, that they were afraid the proprietors would all come to the parish as paupers . It was impossible under these circumstances , that there could be an interest of 40s . to each individual . He contended that the assessment to the land tax was a point indispensable by the law , independent of any agreement between candidates or parties . The clerk of the peace was in attendance with the rolls , and the Sheriffs were ineffectually called upon to go into the examination . The neglect of this duty was carried so far , that one voter from Waltham bridge had been admitted , though he allowed he had not been assessed . He allowed that Mr. Burchell and Mr. Bushnan were respectable solicitors , but the sheriffs should have had regular counsel , as Mr. Walsh , the second under sheriff had recommended . If the oath were to be the criterion , elections would be carried by chimney-sweepers and link-boys , and by whoever could command a corrupt mob . It was true no violence had been committed , but the danger and intimidation to Mr. Mainwaring and his voters was dreadful . Though a false return may only establish the sitting member for a session , yet the event might deprive the country of its fair representation during a whole parliament , from the impression 848 of the danger , the expence , the anxiety , and the fatigue of a second contest . The house was called upon now to decide whether the right of election for Middlesex was to be in the returning officers , or where the constitution had vested it . No man that heard him could delight in the punishment of the individuals concerned , if the house should think proper to punish them . The end of all punishment inflicted by the house , was not to give pain to the individual , but to prevent a repetition of the offence . In this view , when the house should have agreed to the resolution of the committee , as he had no doubt it would , he should , follow it up with another proposition . expressed his astonishment at the extreme frivolity of some of the observations of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down . If the committee had fallen into an error , he was sure nothing could be further from the intention of the noble lord who had presided in that committee ; nothing could be further from the intention of the committee themselves , than that the house should sacrifice their integrity for the purpose of maintaining them in an opinion proved to be erroneous . The right hon . gent . had expatiated largely on the conduct of the sheriffs , he only hoped , that if it ever fell to that right hon . gent 's lot to have the honour of filling the office of sheriff , he might execute the duties of his situation with as much credit and propriety as the gentlemen who were now the subjects of discussion . After the very luminous speech which the house had heard from the learned counsel at the bar , he should abbreviate what he had to say as much as possible . The hon . gent . here entered into an examination of the report of the committee , and of the evidence on which that report was founded . He asserted , that although there might be 30 or 40 bad qualifications for votes on the part of Sir F. Burdett , there were ten times as many on the other side . The committee had struck out 600 votes indifferently on both sides , because the voters had not been assessed to the land-tax . The papers on the table proved that the sheriffs had refused votes for Sir F. Burdett as well as for Mr. Mainwaring : 128 votes admitted by them for the last-named candidate were struck off by the committee , because they were official , and not freehold votes . Could any circumstance rebut the charge of partiality