extolled as the grand source of the security of the empire . This surely is a pretty glaring evidence of a difference of opinion , and I leave the house to form their own reflections on the subject . But , while it is impossible not to advert to this difference between the two hon . members , I can not help observing , that the hon . gent . need not have recourse to all that delicacy which he has used on the present occasion . It so happens , that on every one of the leading points , on which the right hon . gent . 's speech on a former occasion was founded , the right hon . gent . 's opinions had undergone a most important revolution . He now differs as much from himself as it is possible for the hon . gent , to do on any of the matters which he has this evening touched on in his speech . The augmentation of the militia , the plan of raising provisional cavalry , the measure of obtaining men for rank , as well as the call on the parishes for their quotas , all of which measures the right hon . gent . now so strongly censures , were measures adopted when he himself was along with me a member of the cabinet , and at the same time was actually Secretary at War . I shall not now , sir , attempt to go very much into the question , how far the opinion of the country is to be guided by the opinion expressed by an individual of acknowledged abilities and consideration . But this I feel myself entitled at least to say , that if any man not only assents to , but actually brings forward measures as a member of the cabinet , and thinks proper , after an interval of a few years , severely to censure the same measures when he is out of power , the confidence of the country , in his opinion , must be materially diminished . Now , sir ; in the year 1796 , the right hon . gent . not only assented to all the measures I have just al- 750 luded to , as a member of the cabinet , but joined ' me cordially in bringing them forward , and was willing to take his full share of all the responsibility attached to them , either in this house or in the country . He was then as much as he possibly could be , their parliamentary author , and now he feels himself called on to condemn them in terms of the utmost severity . Thus much , sir , I have thought it my duty to say as to the hon . gent . 's preambles . Of his numerous digressions I shall have occasion to say a few words before I sit down , but shall , in the mean time , proceed to the real question before the house.—Before I go further , I beg leave to disclaim at the outset , the view of the question really before the house , as the hon . gent . has thought proper to state it . The question is not , whether the bill has , in all its extent , fulfilled the object for which it was originally designed , but whether it has answered its end to a certain extent , and whether , from the experience of its past effects , it would be better to give it a further trial , or at once to accede to the hon . gent . 's motion for its repeal . I fully allow , when I speak of the utility of the measure I speak of its utility for encreasing the numbers of our regular army . The hon . gent . on the other hand , affects to view it merely as a tax , and solely as a bill for raising money . As a bill for raising men , the hon . gent . asserts that it has produced no