that justice should be administered with as little delay as possible . observed , that were it possible to tread back the steps they had taken in the business , it would be preferable the matter should originate in the other house of parliament . But their lordships were not now in such a predicament , and they should bear in mind how the case stood ; the matter was before them 7 or 8 months , and a committee appointed to investigate its merits to a certain , extent : this , though in the nature of an ex parte examination , would be proceeded in with all possible deliberation . As they were so far embarked , he saw not how they could well get over it but by proceeding . Should they , in the course of the investigation , find grounds for proposing an address , that should be followed up without any unnecessary delay , but discussed with all the attention the importance of the case required , and to the consideration of which their lordships would come with minds perfectly free from prejudice . disapproved of any departure from the line of proceeding already resolved upon , and every objection , made to an immediate proceeding on the part of that house , was , in his mind , equally applicable to the other house of parliament . It was no argument against any species of proceeding in that house , to say that the commons possibly may not concur . Such a principle should never be laid down . He saw no advantage which could possibly result from a recurrence to the house of commons , in the present state of the business ; the judicial character was one of the greatest importance , and whatever affected it should be seriously considered . And , in every view of the case , he thought it preferable to continue the present line of proceeding , but chiefly in those of regularity and expedition . A speedy decision , in such a case , was of incalculable importance , and as such he must oppose the motion . observed , that the learned judge in question was desirous of having the charges against him thoroughly considered , and anxious to confront the witnesses that should be brought forward . The consideration of his integrity , his fame , his high office , combined to render him anxious for an opportunity to come forward in his vin- 577 dication . He meant not then to say how far those charges were founded or not , against the learned judge , but he thought he was justified in assuming that some of them were not well founded , because they were withdrawn . In adverting , generally , to the case , there were some peculiar circumstances relative to the powers of the judges in Ireland , which , m some points , were very different from those of the English judges ; and some of these immediately bore upon the object under consideration . The noble and learned viscount referred to the different acts by which the present situation of the judges was constituted ; but , he stated , it was not until the year 1772 , that the Irish judges were placed upon the same footing as those of England . With respect to the point immediately under consideration , the mode and course of proceeding in such a case , the acts were silent upon it ; but the question avowedly was not of the powers of either house ; it was a case of discretion with their lordships . With respect to the probability of the matter being taken up in the other house ; that there were petitions presented long since , they knew , but nothing farther ; and so far as they were aware , or could argue from appearances , the commons did not mean to proceed . Adverting again to the situation in which the character of the individual stood pending the discussions , he thought it would be preferable , that their lordships should proceed in