think exactly alike . Every parliamentary character was bound in questions of a public nature , to act and co-operate with those who , in his mind , were most forward in support of the interests of his country , and he should ever think himself justified in acting on that principle ; but when he should be found to abandon measures which he had once supported , and to join with those who differed from him on those very measures , then he should be contented to be charged with inconsistency , and to be said to have formed a coalition , or any other term which might be chosen to designate a real dereliction of principle—His ldp . hoped the house would pardon him for having so far indulged in this digression from the subject immediately before their ldps , to which he again reverted , and said , that he was , from every argument he had heard that night , more firmly fixed in his opinion , that the motion made by his noble friend ought to pass , and the act to which it alluded be immediately repealed . One argument urged against it was , if you repeal , this measure , you will re-enact the Army of Reserve Act , the ballot , and all those measures which have been formerly considered as detrimental to the public service . Allowing that to be the case , he would still support the motion of his noble friend ; but it was not to be supposed , he 495 Said , that the matter was to rest there . Other measures would be brought forward , without doubt , and his noble friend had delayed , for a considerable time , to give notice of his present motion , or to take any steps whatever in the business , from a confidence he had in his own mind , that , as the bill was found to be so totally inefficient as that it had not answered one single purpose for which it was enacted , but had altogether failed , that therefore his maj 's . ministers would be eager to seize the earliest opportunity of bringing forward either a bill to repeal it , or a bill to alter and amend it , in such a manner that the military defence of the country might receive every immediate support and improvement that time and circumstances would allow . Seeing that no such measures had been brought forward , nor intimation whatever given of an intention so to do , his noble friend felt it to be his duty to act as he had done , and he thought him entitled to the warmest thanks of the house and of the country . He knew , however , that his noble friend was willing , and he heartily concurred with him in the sentiment , to let his maj 's . ministers off on as easy terms as they please . If they will promise to bring forward any measure to explain and amend the bill , or in any way to alter it so that it may become efficacious and serviceable to the country , they would be satisfied ; but bethought the argument in favour of its being persisted in , because it was now only beginning to operate , was futile in the extreme , and be should , therefore , if no other more forcible one should be offered , be anxious for its being-dropped , as it could not be denied that it was a measure attended with a grievous expence , and with the most oppressive consequences to many parts of the country . He should , therefore , after thanking their ldps . for their obliging attention , conclude , by giving his vote for the motion made by his noble friend . rose , not , he said , to gratify the curiosity of the noble lord who had just sat down ; but to discharge a public duty , by delivering his sentiments on the present question . Before he should state the grounds of