depriving of so large a portion of its constitution , a people which had confided its legislature and its liberties to us—a confidence which deserved a care and gratitude very foreign to such monstrous proceedings as the one now proposed . —I should be extremely desirous , sir , to give way on the present occasion to any gentleman from Ireland whose knowledge of the subject in question must be valuable , were it not that some observations which fell from the right hon . gent . over the way , which seem to me necessarily to call for animadversion . At the sentiments which he has now expressed , it is impossible for me not to feel some surprise . The position which he appeared to me to hold , seemed to go to this extent , that in no case whatever could the habeas corpus act be injustice suspended without a previous enquiry . If this was not the position which he meant to maintain in its full extent , then much , very much of what he has said was unnecessary , because it did not bear upon the present question . But if it were , why then he must have spoken with a full knowledge that it has been the practice of parliament to suspend this act without any previous enquiry , and that it was actually suspended in the course of last war with his full consent and approbation . But the right hon . gent . does not contend that the renewal is not right , but that it ought not to be granted without previous examination . Are there no circumstances , then , in which a contrary practice may not only be necessary , but strictly justifiable upon every principle of reason and common sense ? It does , sir , often happen , that a case may be so clear and so notorious , so open to every man 's observation , that a public statement of the grounds upon which it is required to adopt strong measures may be both futile and unnecessary . Such a case is the present , and 319 yet gentlemen come here and tell us , that we require of them to pass an act of this great importance without any reason assigned for it ! What , sir , are the reasons , the strong reasons that exist at this moment ? We are engaged in a war with a powerful and active enemy , whose object professedly is to destroy the constitution and overturn the liberties of the British empire . His attention is in the first instance directed towards Ireland , where his emissaries are perpetually at work , by means of correspondence and otherwise , to sow disloyalty and sedition . His object is the invasion and destruction of this country , and to attain it his preparations have been carried on with unremitted vigour , and at this moment are not abandoned . Our fleets are now employed in blockading in their harbours the vessels of our enemy , which , if it were not for their care and vigilance , would sail with an army to attempt to carry his threats into instant execution . To assist him in this plan , those who have fled from their own country , perhaps for crimes of different sorts , have been embodied and formed into a kind of regiment . They are the instruments which he employs to prepare the way for the execution of his purposes . They maintain a correspondence with the disaffected in their own country , and employ every means to spread the flame of rebellion over their unfortunate country , unfortunate for having been the birth place of persons who seem so little to understand or consult her true and permanent interests . They have given occasion to the melancholy insurrections which our times have witnessed in that kingdom . To say that these are not reasons for the measure now proposed to be adopted , is tantamount to saying that no facts of any kind can be a reason for it ; but