hon . gen. in opposition to the motion of his right hon . friend , and still less in the observation which the hon . gent , applied to the reversal of the order and course of proceeding at the present moment . It could not be complained that the parties were taken unaware , as when the business had been postponed on a former day , his right hon . friend distinctly stated , that the ground of that postponement was to afford gentlemen an opportunity of considering the ' expediency of a deviation from the precedent of the Shoreham case , of the nature of that which was now proposed . That the course proposed by his right hon . friend was strictly according to the uniform practice which prevailed previous to the Grenville act , was not attempted to be denied ; and the question for the house to consider in the present instance , and also for future cases , was this , whether it would be more agreeable to justice and expediency to follow the former course , or that which bad obtained since the enactment of the Grenville law ? For the former he certainly was an advocate , and his 282 surprize was , that any deviation from it had ever taken place ; the more particularly as the Grenville bill prescribed nothing on the subject . As to the objection urged by his right hon . friend against the examination of evidence at the bar , who not being on oath might differ from the allegations made before the committee , the hon . gent , in order , no doubt , to depreciate that objection , had thought pro ? per to style it `` a popular argument , '' and certainly the maxim of uox populi , vox dei , was never more applicable than to an argument of such irresistible force . But although this argument was so forcible , he would not go so far as to say that the farther hearing of evidence at the bar , should , be resisted if such resistance should appear to be injurious to the cause of justice , or unfair towards the individuals concerned in the case before the house . There was no pretence , however , for saying that such could be the consequence ; on the contrary , it was as fair to argue that the examination of evidence , not on oath at the bar , might be injurious to the accused as otherwise . Witnesses might go beyond their former statements , and might aggravate the case against the accused . Therefore , in any view , the further hearing demanded by the hon . gent . appeared to him quite inadmissible.—He observed , upon the hon . gent . 's allusion to analogy , and reasoning as hostile to the course proposed by his right hon . friend , but he had omitted to state any precedent to sustain his statement on the score of analogy . Those precedents indeed which he had it in his power to state , were very few compared to the practice that prevailed so long before the existence of the Grenville bill . The hon . gent . had argued that it would be iniquitous , and contrary to any . precedent of law , to pronounce sentence without hearing evidence upon the case to which such sentence applied : but the hon . gent , must forget that such was the frequent practice in the Court of King 's Bench , where sentence was pronounced , upon cases , where1 not one of the four , judges had ever heard the evidence , nor had any other knowledge of it than that which they derived from the notes of the judge who presided at the trial ; which , notes , by the way , were not so much , at least not more , intitled to confidence than the minutes of the evidence in the report before the house , which were taken by a sworn short-hand writer . It might be 283 said that the