to ; take votes objected to round to the sheriffs ' box . This practice arose from a wish to prevent the interruption of the poll . It was acted upon during the 1st and 2d days of the election , when voters were crowding at the hustings for Mr. Mainwaring ; and he would therefore put it to the candour of any man , whether it would not be the grossest injustice to allow any deviation from that practice on the last day of the election , when voters were crowding to the hustings for Sir F. Burdett . Mr. Sylvester also complained that he was rudely treated by sheriff Rawlins , but another , witness , Mr. Cater , who was present in the sheriffs ' box when the thing complained of arose , stated that which fully justified the conduct of Mr. Rawlins , and that the demeanour of the complainant was very different from that which one would have a right to expect . From the rank and profession of Mr. Sylvester , he felt it an unpleasant task to make any observation upon him . He was no doubt , as a crown lawyer , respectable ; and administered the law , in the court in which he presided , with much credit ; but yet he must say , that in election law , it was clear that that learned gent was out of his proper sphere , that he undertook a new trade : Ne sutor ultra crepidam.—With respect to the charge against his clients , of refusing to examine the voters upon the land-tax assessments at the request of Mr. Mainwaring 's friends , he begged to state to the house , that this request was not made until the 7th day of the election . Not a word was heard of it on the first day , when Mr. Mainwairing polled above 1,000 voters ; and he would submit it to the consideration of the house , whether it would afterwards be fair , whatever might be the power of the sheriffs , to comply with that request , to establish a rule on the 7th day , that had been entirely overlooked during the preceding part of the election ? Would this be dealing equitably towards all parties , as his clients had determined to do ? The resolution of the committee charged his clients with admitting some mill voters on the 14th day , and rejecting some of the same description of voters who tendered their votes on the same principle on the 15th day , in order to preserve the majority of Sir F. Burdett . In the whole of the evidence , he could not find , one tittle to 844 sustain this allegation . The fact was , that in consequence of a suggestion from Sir W. Gibbons , who was a friend of Mr. Mainwaring 's , on the evening of the 14th day , that some persons1 were expected to tender their votes on the following day for the Good Intent Mill , who had only just purchased shares for the purpose of voting , Mr. Rawlins questioned the first class of mill voters who presented themselves on that morning , and finding they were not qualified to vote , from time of possession , they were rejected . Now , although those rejected persons tendered for Mr. Mainwaring , it must be obvious that as at the time of their rejection that gentleman was 25 a-head on the poll , and also that the rejection occurred in consequence of the previous suggestion of Sir W. Gibbons , the corrupt motives which the resolution was of the committee ascribed to his clients completely inapplicable . As to the statement in the testimony of Turner Smith , who described himself as a roving commissioner of inspection for Mr. Mainwaring on the hustings , that on the 15th day the freeholder 's oath was gabbled over by the voters for the purpose of expedition ; that statement was most positively and pointedly contradicted , by the evidence of Messrs , Cater , who were the sheriff