presented to the house , relative to the Spanish war , be taken into consideration on Thursday se'n-night . Ordered.—Adjourned . observed , that , having learned from the recent votes of the other house of parlt . 156 that certain documents , in addition to those already produced , were deemed essential to the due illustration of the question of hostilities with Spain ; and as his anxious wish was to bring that important subject as fully to the consideration of parliament ; and to the view of the public , as the case would admit of , he deemed it his duty to make farther inquiries upon the point , in order to learn what farther papers may be necessary . He doubted not he should have it in command from his maj. to produce the documents to which he alluded ; they could not , however , be got ready or selected before Thursday , or perhaps before Friday , when it was probable he should have the honour of presenting them to their 1dps . In that view of the case , it was evidently impossible the discussion of the general question could be gone into on Thursday next , as proposed . He should , therefore , propose to discharge the order which at present stood for summoning their 1dps . upon that day , for the purpose of naming a subsequent day . In selecting this , another consideration was to be kept in view . Though he greatly wished to afford full time for the consideration of the documents in question , yet the consideration of having the case decided upon by parliament , with as little delay as its nature would admit , in order that the public mind may be set at rest upon the subject , operated with him very strongly . In that view , he should propose Thursday se'nnight as a proper day for taking the whole into consideration . He observed , that the papers which it was probable he should have occasion to produce , were not comparatively of the importance as those presented in the first instance . His 1dp . concluded , by moving that the order for summoning the lords on Thursday next be discharged , —This communication , and its result , gave rise to a conversation of rather an irregular and desultory nature . On the question being put , shortly expressed his coincidence in the idea of its being proper that every information should be given relative to a subject of such importance as that in question , but that due time should be given for its full consideration . He was however sorry the day suggested by the noble lord had been selected ; as he understood a noble friend of his had come down that day with the intent of giving notice of a motion on a subject of considerable importance on . Thursday se'nnight said , it was his intention , to move to discharge the order for his motion on Monday next , with a view of proposing it for Thurdsday se'nnight . He wished at the same time to observe , that he did not intend to make any motion with respect to the general state of the army ; to that task he did not think himself competent . He should merely confine himself to moving the repeal of the additional force act , which he still contended had operated as a tax , and had operated partially and unjustly . He concluded by moving to discharge the order for Monday . thought it would be better not to fix any day for the discussion of the question respecting the war with Spain until the additional papers were laid upon their 1dps table . assured the house of his anxiety to have the subject fully before their 1dps. , and to allow full time for its discussion ; at the same time he must deprecate , with a reference to the great importance of the question , any proceedings which might interfere with its discussion on a day which might probably be proposed as