that they were not entitled to acquiesce in any other points connected with the subject , by which , nevertheless , in the opinion of both , the end which they had mutually in view was likely to be attained . As to his own individual diversity from himself , with which lie had been charged by the right hon . gent , he could only declare , that his opinions on grand and constitutional points had never varied , and were during the whole time of his co-operation with the right hon . gent , the same as they were at the present moment . He had adhered to his opinions— the right hon . gent , had deserted his . The right hon . gent , need not suppose that he had forgotten what had passed during the period in which he was in office along with the right hon . gent . Whether he was a party or not a party to those measures , he would now , however , speak of them according to the impression and conviction the result of them , had left on his mind . He could not he answerable , any more than the house , for the measures which had then passed , but whether he had since changed his opinion , or they had not been agreeable to his opinion at the time , and he had felt himself Secluded by the situation which he held from putting a bar in the way of what had been resolved on by the cabinet in general , it would be subversive of all moral feeling and , principle , that when he came to see the inadequacy or mischievous tendency of any acts to the passing of which he had in any way been accessary , that be should be hound up from afterwards declaring his : change of opinion . Such , he conceived , was not to be required of any person holding situation in the management , of public affairs . But the right hon . gent , in a climax of triumph , had clinched his argument his ( Mr. W. s ) responsibility , by stating that he was then even secretary . 764 at war . He confessed he had a good share in carrying on the war business out of doors ; but he declared that he had no more to do with the bills alluded to , in his capacity of secretary at war , than if he had been secretary to the board of agriculture . But what had been the conduct of the right hon . gent ? Did it not go to a condemnation of every one measure of which he had been the original projector ? Was not the ballot system of his introduction ? Who ever hoard of such enormous bounties as had lately been common , till they necessarily followed from measures recommended by the right hon . gent , himself ? The right hon . gent , had , indeed , profited a little by the suggestions of him and his friends . He wished he had carried their suggestions further ; and he was satisfied if he had ; wished to profit by experience , he had sufficient opportunities of doing so from the errors , of his own administration—The principal ground , however , on which he had , from the beginning , objected to the bill was , the oppressive and dangerous tendency of the practices which it was calculated to encourage . The harshness of the measure itself could never , in his eyes , have been done away , had the bill been ever so successful . On no principle could it be contended that parish officers were to be esteemed better recruiters than any other , than on that very ground on which they were totally unfit to be recruiters at all . In their hands nothing but harsh and improper means of fulfilling their task , could be expected to be resorted to . How far men would be induced to exercise the power vested in them tyrannically