, to examine witnesses at the bar on the part of the late sheriffs . But since that time , he understood those gent . had altered their mind , and did not mean to call any witnesses . In order , therefore , to give the house time to form the fullest opinion upon the evidence before them , on this subject , he trusted it would not be deemed inconvenient , if he moved to postpone the farther consideration of the business till Tuesday next ; conceiving as he did , and as he was convinced the house must , that a deliberate decision would be an object much more desirable than any expedition that could be accomplished by deciding this night . He therefore moved , `` that the farther proceedings on this subject be postponed till Tuesday . '' rose , not he said to object to the day proposed , but to state , in a few words , his own opinion as to the mode of proceeding suggested by the noble lord . The noble lord had said it was not the intention to examine any witnesses at the bar on this subject : but he trusted , whenever that house was called on to exercise a jurisdiction , a criminal jurisdiction too , that it would found its decisions on evidence which it had itself heard , and not merely upon the evidence heard by others elsewhere . If , indeed , as he understood , from the noble lord 's intimation , the late sheriffs had no objection to admit the evidence before a committee against them , certainly there could be no objection , on the part of the house , to accept that evidence as part of the grounds for its own decisions . But not calling evidence as to any thing already proved before a committee , and calling no evidence to their exculpation now , were , in his own mind , two very distinct considerations . He was decidedly of opinion , that if any matters had come to their knowledge for their own exculpation , even since the decision of the committee , it would be perfectly open for them to bring forward such evidence . answered , that when he 169 last mentioned this business to the house , he supposed it to be the intention of the sheriffs to examine witnesses , in their exculpation , at the bar : but having had an interview with their counsel since , he understood it to be their determination not to examine any witnesses at all . The object of his motion to-night , therefore , was to give those gent . full time to make up their minds as to the nature of their ultimate defence , that they might have no cause whatever to complain of being taken by surprise . rose , hot to make any objection to the noble lord 's motion , nor to delay the house now by any argument upon the subject itself . He rose merely to express his sentiments in the first instance , respecting a principle avowed by the hon . gent , ever against him ( Mr. Fox ) , namely , that the house , when called on to exercise its jurisdiction on this subject , should not be satisfied with the evidence taken elsewhere , but should examine evidence for its own satisfaction . Against such a principle he begged to protest , in the first instance , as contrary to the established usage of parliament , always before , and ever since the passing of Mr. Grenville 's act in the year 1770 : Previously to that time , it was the constant usage of the house , in deciding upon matters respecting contested elections , to form its judgment upon evidence taken before its ' committees , and not to examine evidence to the same points at its bar . The Grenville act created the first alteration in the law and usage of parliament upon this head ; and it must be recollected , that a. principal alteration made by that