should begin 810 with that force , which Was in its nature , the most loose , although a very important force under all circumstances , in this country : he meant our volunteer force . He knew that force had been said to have undergone considerable diminution in the course of the last year ; but he was prepared to contradict that fact . Indeed if it had undergone some considerable decrease , it would not have disappointed his expectation , but even then he should have said , that the quality of what remained would have made up for the disadvantage of the diminution of numbers . There were two points to be considered in this case ; the nominal establishment , and the effective number . That number , officers included , in Great Britain , was 380,000 men . Rank and file they were 342,000 men . He could not give the actual number of those who had been inspected , which was above the 310,000 , a large proportion of the whole , and who were actually forthcoming , and fit for immediate service , he believe , from the last return was 307,000 , making in all a diminution of no more than 3,000 men out of that immense force ; and with respect to the quality of the Volunteer force , he was likewise prepared to state , that from the reports of the officers who had inspected them , and paid the utmost attention to their discipline , a vast mass was reported to be fit for any service , and out of the whole number of 307,000 , no more than 22,000 were reported to be deficient in discipline ; 210,000 had been on permanent duty , had been subject to the military laws , and to the rigour of military discipline , and to feel what the duties of a soldier were . Upon the efficiency of . such a force , it was unnecessary for him to dwell . Such a mass of men having had experience of a military life , who had submitted to their duty with willingness , readiness , arid zeal , was a force from which we had a right to augur every thing that was advantageous to the country , if they should ever be called into action . He thought it necessary to state thus much on the Volunteer force , to shew it was greater than any other country ever had at any former period , and that it was in discipline so considerably improved , that it exceeded even the hopes of any body at the first institution of that body . He came now to the Regular Army , and he was ready to meet the noble lords , who charged ministers with avoiding specific information , upon that subject , He knew it was the duty of ministers to be 811 explicit upon that , and upon every other subject on which they possessed information . He should state , therefore , what force we had that was disposable , and what force was limited ; and , in no period during the present or the late administration , had ministers attempted to blink that question , they had never declined stating the amount of the army . The army , exclusive of our militia , which by the way was , not only in , quantity , but also in quality , much improved , and every officer in the service would admit that the militia of this country was never at any former period fit to be compared with that body at the present moment in point of discipline , and here he was speaking upon the best authority . Now , what was our army , exclusive of the militia , in all parts of the world ? It amounted to 162,000 . An army more considerable than we ever bad , before ; and , in quality , he would undertake to say , much superior to most of our former force , for it was not composed , as had been customary ,