by an hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Ward ) on a former evening , when he said , that the Habeas Corpus Act had been suspended in 1722 , without any inquiry respecting the existence of any necessity for it having been instituted by parliament . Having since had time to examine into the grounds of that assertion , he thought it right to shew , though he did not see the hon . and learned gent , then in his place , that the two cases bore no analogy whatever to each other . At that time at least two-thirds of the king 's speech were employed in pointing out the necessity there was for the house adopting such a measure . Even then , after considerable discussion upon the subject , there was , -he believed , the largest minority against it that was ever known in that house . And it was not finally agreed to , until sir R. Walpole , then one of his majesty 's principal confidential ministers , had pledged himself that be would shortly lay such facts before parliament as would most fully justify him in having proposed such a measure . The disclosure of these facts , which took place 561 place in 2 or 3 months afterwards , certainly did bear him out in . the assertion which he had made . But now , where can the analogy be found ? There is not a single word upon the subject in the speech from the throne . Can the hon . and learned gent . opposite declare , that he finds the analogy in what now exists in Ireland , or in what is likely to exist ? If he does , that is an Argument for the inquiry , and not against it , as the house would then know upon what grounds they acceded to this extraordinary proposition , at a time when the necessity of the case is so far from being notorious , that every one of those gentlemen most intimately connected with that part of the kingdom , have declared , that , as far as their own knowledge could extend , the country was1 completely tranquil , and was as well disposed towards his majesty 's govt . as any county in England . Until some inquiry was made , or until some pledge was given that a statement , similar to that which sir Robert Walpole had promised , and afterwards made to the house , should be given in the present instance , he could not , consistently with his duty , in the face of such a precedent , agree to the passing of this bill.—After the bill had been read a third time , stated , that it was his intention to embody in the bill the reasons which had been given for passing it . The measure would not be operative in . its effects , unless it were general , and applicable to every part of the united kingdom . As the law stood now , and as it would stand under this bill , persons may come from Ireland to this country , and carry on their machinations with safety against the constitution of that part of the union , To counteract this , he submitted to his majesty 's govt . whether it would not be advisable to extend the salutary operation of the bill before them , to Great Britain as well as Ireland . How could the two countries be said to be identified , if martial law was to be established , and the Habeas Corpus Act suspended in one and not in the other ? If it was not necessary that the two countries should be identified , he could , conceive no measure so well calculated to give it proof , as the bill-before them . For the purpose of making out sortie sort of justification of the measure , and of affording some supporters of the bill a plausible ground for the vote they , should give , he would propose , that , the preamble