comfortable a state as a person in his circumstances deserved . observed , that the judges of assize had stated , as a complaint from the county of Cork , the unwholesomeness of the prison in which Mr. Jones was confined . As to the concluding part of the hon . bart . 's observations , he should take occasion to talk a little more about it when the motion he had already alluded to should come before the house . observed , that if it was meant to discuss this question upon any supposition that the two countries , Ireland and England , were in the same situation , gent . were grossly mistaken indeed . The hon . gent . who had just sat down , had given to the sentiments of his 333 hon . friend , on the present state of Ireland , a construction which they would not fairly bear . They had never asserted , that the whole of Ireland was as loyal as England , but that certain provinces were so . Ulster , for instance , the inhabitants of which were certainly as well disposed to the existing govt . as those of any county in England whatever . The hon . gent . had alluded to what he was pleased to term the precipitation with which the bill for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland was carried through parliament in July 1803 . He would just recal the attention of the house to the circumstances of the time . Antecedently to that period , application had been made to govt . requesting , for the security of the well-affected , that a suspension of the Habeas Corpus might be procured ; but the ministry , actuated by motives of forbearance , he supposed , or not aware of the extent of the danger , refused their concurrence . What followed ? The rebellion . In the mean time , the govt . having become sensible of the necessity of the measure , brought forward the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , and obtained for it the sanction of parliament ; but it was too late . He was convinced , and knew it to be the opinion of many gent . intimately acquainted with the internal politics of that country , that had the suspension taken place sooner , the rebellion would never have burst forth . It was infinitely better to prevent guilt than to punish it . He was desirous , by repressing the treasonable attempts of the turbulent and factious part of the community in Ireland , to secure to the loyal and well-affected the enjoyment of security and repose . said , he should reserve the full declaration of his sentiments upon the subject before the house for a future stage of the proceeding . He rose only to correct a mistake into which his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) had fallen , in supposing that he had ever supported such a measure as that which was then under discussion . This mistake of his hon . friend arose from this , that upon the motion for an address to his majesty , in answer to his message respecting the riot in Dublin , he spoke against any delay in expressing the abhorrence which the house felt against such atrocities as that message referred to , but he never voted for either the martial law bill , or the act for the suspension of thy Habeas Corpus . was surprised that any gent . should assert , that there existed no cause in Ireland for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . He believed , that in the north of Ireland the people were , in general , loyal ; but disaffection still lurked among them , and if not kept down by the strong hand of power , would soon become too formidable for opposition . An hon . gent . had alluded to the period of history , during the reigns of the earlier princes of the Brunswick family , when the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act first took