act was , that the committees for investigating such questions must be chosen by ballot , must examine all evidence on oath , and must themselves be sworn to act and decide justly , to the best of their opinion . The house then surely , would not be less inclined to accept the evidence taken before a committee so solemnly bound , now , than they would be to accept evidence before a committee not so bound , previously to the passing of the Grenville act . The precedents only in which the house did act in any degree at all different from this principle , were the Shoreham case , the Liskeard , and the Great Grimsby . In the Cricklade case some such proceeding was proposed , and the house adjourned the consideration of that case from time to time , in order to 170 search for precedents , but came to no final decision . His motive for troubling the house at all , on the present occasion , was au earnest wish to uphold the character and privileges of parliament , and to guard against any innovation which , might tend to alter its established forms of proceeding , or diminish those powers it had always enjoyed and exercised . He had no objection to concur in a motion , having for its object to give those gent . further time till Tuesday , to make up their minds ; but his object was not so much the accommodation of individuals , as to maintain the privileges of the house itself . thought , that evidence , ought , in every judicial proceeding , to be heard before the judges . This would be a great satisfaction to the house ; and be was at present inclined to think that gent , could not , in honour and justice , decide upon a penal case without hearing evidence at the bar . He hoped , therefore , that before Tuesday , the house would deeply reflect upon a question which , independent of the present case , was in itself of so much importance.—The order , of the day was then postponed till Tuesday next . by command of his majesty , presented certain military accounts and documents , chiefly respecting the levies under the additional force act , which were ordered to lie on the table . thereupon rose , and expressed himself not particularly desirous to agitate the proposition of which he had given notice on Thursday next . He should therefore move , that the order for summoning their ldps . upon Thursday next be discharged , and that an order for a similar purpose be made for a future day , which , in consideration of some important matter being proposed by a noble friend of his for Monday , he should propose to be on tomorrow se'nnight . The noble earl accordingly moved that the lords be summoned for that day . wished it to be understood , that the arrangement just proposed by the noble earl did not proceed from any thing wished for by his maj. 's ministers in that house ; it would prove no sort of accommodation to them , as , if the proposition the noble earl had given notice of , was to be discussed distinctly from the subject of the general military state of the country , it was a matter of indifference to them when it was agitated.—While on his legs , the noble secretary requested a noble lord , then in his place ( King ) , to give him an idea of the nature of his intended motion on Monday , as he had stated it so generally in the first instance , that he could not satisfactorily comprehend its object . professed himself willing to give the information desired by the noble secretary . His intended motion was for the production of an account of the monies remitted to Ireland on account of the governments of both countries , under the new arrangement , the object of which , he understood , was a reduction of the rate of