, manner cut off a large portion of your inhabitants from all the benefits of the admirable constitution of your country ? Neither motives of humanity nor of patriotism have sanctioned this mode of enlisting for life , and it confessedly stands in the way of raising recruits . What can they know about their country , boys taken from under the roofs of their parents or masters , shut out of the pale of the constitution ? How can they know any thing about it , till wounds , or decrepitude , or old age , drive them lo it ? Why should we take children abroad and shut them out for ever , with all the consequences before you , of the ill effects it must necessarily have upon the popular feeling towards the military service ? How can their minds be raised to a just estimate and admiration and love of the glorious constitution of this great country , to a sense of that equality of rights which knows no distinction between the meanest , arid the greatest and highest of their fellow subjects ? How can they feel with the manly and heroic ardour with which they should 744 feel , when they have to fight for a country and a constitution , whose benefits and blessings are greater than those of Any other that has existed on the face of the globe ? How delightful must it hot be to them to know , that at the expiration of their time they may return to the bosom of that country , to their friends , and relatives , and connections of every kind , and enjoy that happiness , for which they have fought and exposed themselves to danger and death in the field of battle , in distant climes , and on adverse shores ! Let them return ! Let them come back again , and repose in the glorious shade of that parental tree , under whose , branches they were reared Let them see its perfections , let them smell the fragrance of its blossoms , and taste the sweets of its fruits.—Before I conclude , I wish to make a serious appeal to a description of members in this house , who are peculiarly interested in the repeal of this wretched bill ; I mean the country gentlemen , who should consider the measure , in the present instance , as proceeding de novo . I ask them , will they give their sanctions to this additional tax on the landed property of Great Britain , after it has been proved to be a measure that can never be attended with any of the good effects that were promised by it , and has been shewn to be fraught with the most atrocious injustice ? Next to them , I must call upon those who were the supporters , and many of them members of the late administration ; I call upon the colleagues of the deposed minister , and his friends , amongst whom I am entitled to class a number of the country gentlemen , to preserve their consistency , and to be mindful of the arguments they themselves used last year , in opposition to the act of which I am now moving the repeal . I , in common with them , gave that minister my feeble support as far as it went . I did so in an independent , and , I trust , an honourable manner , without detaching myself in the least from my hon . friend hear me ( Mr. Fox ) , nor from any of those other honourable friends , with whom I am proud to have uniformly acted , and whose principles I shall never abandon . I supported that noble lord ( Sidmouth ) because I considered him to have acted generally with a view to what he considered to be the good of the country , with an honest disposition , and with , a proper respect for the sound principles of the constitution ; but most of all did I support him because I 745 considered