afterwards aggravated by steps of the most unjustifiable haste and violence.—With regard to the order given by lord Harrowby to admiral Cochrane , on his receiving intelligence that the Spanish fleet was arming in Ferrol , to blockade that port , it was perfectly justifiable . Two dispatches existed of the date of the 29th Sept. from lord Harrowby to Mr. Frere ; one containing ostensible , the other private instructions , both warranting him to break off negotiation , and quit ' Madrid , if his demands for the disarming the Spanish ships were not complied with . To the note which Mr. B. Frere addressed on this sub- 394 ject , to the Spanish govt . he received what he chooses to term an unsatisfactory answer , but which certainly contains as complete a satisfaction as language can convey . It stated that whatever information the British govt . might have received , yet-that the armament had been but trifling , and that it should cease . In fact it had ceased at that time . That Mr. B. Frere thought this reply satisfactory , appears clearly from his remaining at Madrid which otherwise he could not have done without disobeying his instructions . On the 2Sth Sept. Mr. Frere received instructions to make further representations on the subject of armaments ; that is on what no longer existed . He did so , and the reply was an utter disclaiming of all armaments injurious to G. Britain , stating the improbability of such a thing after the agreement by which the neutrality of Spain had been acknowledged by G. Britain . Mr. Frere then , for the first time , denies the existence of any such agreement , or recognizance , though in a letter to lord Harrowby he had spoken of it , and he asserts the monstrous proposition that G. Britain has a right to declare war on any armament that Spain may make , for whatever purpose . He then required that the Spanish ships should be placed on the same footing on which they were before the convention , and on no account that any addition should be afterwards made to them . In the refusal of Spain to comply he demanded his passports . Surely Mr. Frere must have exceeded the bounds to which his instructions authorized him to proceed ; there was no cause for his abrupt proceeding , unless in the interim he received advice of the unfortunate event of the seizure of the Spanish frigates : an event indeed doubly unfortunate , first in the loss of so many innocent human beings ; and secondly , in the idelible stain on British good faith and honour . At length passports were granted to Mr. Frere 's urgent and repeated requests , and so the negotiation ended . The hurry with which Mr. Frere quitted Madrid , and the unwillingness he evinced to receive any further explanation , reminded him of a scene in the Rivals , where Sir Lucius O'Trigger , in a dispute in which his friend Acres is engaged , shuts his ears to all accommodation , exclaiming , `` It is a very pretty quarrel as it stands , and if you say any more you will only spoil it . `` —He had shewn how much blame attached to ministers for their 395 indecision in an early part of the negotiation , as to their true policy with regard to Spain , and for their shameful reserve to that country with respect to their intentions ; but the last violent outrage committed in the seizure of the frigates , filled up the measure of their iniquity . On the very day that the govt . had received advices from admiral Cochrane , stating the armaments at Ferrol , did they give these unjust and infamous orders . He should feel himself gratified by learning whether the Spaniards did not give the most satisfactory references as to the armaments in their ports . They affirmed , in the first place , that the armaments were not intended to be employed against this country , and to