, when we avow the necessity of consulting the opinion of enlightened Europe , it becomes indispensable for us to show , that in our conduct we have not merely respected the rights of an independent state , but that we have observed all the respect that is due to the sovereign of a brave , a high-minded , and an honourable people.—With respect to other topics that have fallen from noble lords this day , I shall not detain you with any observations now . The state of our force , the magnitude of our preparations , and the security which we enjoy , will all be the subject of future discussion . In the mean time , I can not hear it made the source of self-congratulation and of panegyric , that we have been near two years at war , and have not yet been invaded . I confess , that that is no great cause of triumph ; and . I hope that we shall reap other laurels from the strength , spirit , and zeal of our armies and navies , than the mere boast that the enemy has not landed on our shores . My lords , I concur in the motion for the address , and I again express my sincere satisfaction at the sentiment which has been so unequivocally declared to-day , that it is only in communion with the great powers of Europe that we can listen to any terms of pacification with the govt . of France . could not give his cordial and implicit concurrence to an address , in answer to a speech on the first 21 day of this session , which contained not the slightest mention of a measure , which was very generally expected to have formed one of its most prominent features , namely , the measure of final emancipation of the Catholics of Ireland . When a right hon . gent . now at the head of his Majesty 's councils , formerly retired from power , it was avowed by him and his friends , and universally understood , that he retired only because he was not allowed to carry that measure for which his administration stood pledged with the Catholics of Ireland . When that right hon . gent , returned to power , every one naturally conceived , that one of the first acts of his administration would have been to bring that measure forward . The advanced period of the last session , at which he was called to his Majesty 's councils , might afford a reason for not then bringing the question forward ; but no one doubted that he would propose it early in this ; and that it would have been noticed in the speech from the throne . Having himself had no communication with any individual or body of men of that community , and understanding only from the public prints , that the principal Catholics in Ireland had held some meetings , and resolved to prefer their petition to parliament , he wished now only to know what was the intention of his Majesty 's ministers upon the subject . If he should receive for answer , that his Majesty 's ministers declined to bring it forward , because the Catholics themselves had resolved to press on their own petition ; or if ( which he did not expect ) he should be told by ministers , that the Catholics , in the present circumstances of the country , were content with the concessions already-made to them for the security of property and freedom of religion , he should urge the subject no further : but if not , it must form the subject of a future discussion ; for he was convinced , that the best mode of securing peace , and maintaining our respect abroad , was by conciliation and unanimity at home , wished to know on what day it was likely that the papers connected with the several points in his Majesty 's speech would be laid upon the table , and when they would probably be taken into