has voted for 1805 , an army of 22S.234 , being ( the effective army at the time 154,600 ) an augmentation of 73,634 , doubling in number the existing deficiency . Shall we , for this great and necessary augmentation , depend wholly on measures that have failed , and even without inquiry into how or why they have failed ? Or can we trust this additional force bill , so completely as it has been proved inefficient ? The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer has , indeed , suggested the further measure of applying to the British militia for 22,586 volunteers , reducing the militia establishment for England to 40,000 ; for Scotland , to 8000 . But , supposing all these volunteers to be acquired , our disciplined defensive force is so much lessened , and what is gained , can not be called wholly a disposable force ; whilst the numbers , if taken on the most sanguine muster , are but a small part indeed of the augmentation voted , under the expressed opinions of the necessary force for adventuring in the war , voted by parliament , according to the sentiments regarding that extent of army , and a disposable force , as delivered by every man who can be called a statesman , on whatever side of the house . Surely the total failure of accomplishment hitherto , and little promise from the same , measures , therefore in future , constitute the strongest case for inquiry and revision of what has been done , what not done , and consideration of what should be done . —The hon . baronet concluded with some observations on the state and condition of our army in the West Indies , and from a scene he had been witness to himself , particularly approved the suggestion of his right hon . friend the mover , for abolishing the draft from militia regiments in the West Indies , which left those who had weathered the climate , forlorn and hope- 626 less to a constant exile , and successive experiment of its fatalities . —The house then , divided , when there appeared , For Mr. Windham 's motion , 96 Against it , 242 Majority against the motion , 146 osberved , that the papers laid on the table relative to the conduct of an hon . baronet , who commanded the Red Sea squadron , rendered it necessary that other papers should be produced . He therefore moved , `` that a copy of the examination before the commissioners of naval enquiry , relative to the management of the squadron in the Red Sea , under Sir Home Popham , should be laid on the table . '' did not see the smallest objection to this paper ; but , as it was certainly a motion of a novel nature , he thought that some previous notice ought to have been given . concurred in the propriety of giving notice . He understood now that an examination of the case had taken place before the commissioners of Naval Enquiry , respecting the conduct of sir Home Popham . He was well pleased that this was the case , and undoubtedly it was of importance that every paper that could throw any light on this affair should be produced . At the same time , it was not usual to move for a paper of this nature ; but , as the hon . baronet , who was a member of the commission , had no objection , it might , with the greatest propriety , be received . observed , that the essential reason for the motion was this : it had been said in the house , that the commissioners , when directed to investigate this affair by the Admiralty , returned for answer , that it was not a matter within their province , but was rather a subject for a court martial . The hon . baronet ( sir Charles Pole ) had then omitted to state , through inadvertency , he had no doubt , that the commissioners