suppress a rebellion in any of the provinces : she must not be allowed to equip one for even such a purpose . The hon . and learned gent . denied this , and said it would be unreasonable . It never could be the wish of this country to put Spain into such a situation ; but , if Spain were to attempt to fit out any extraordinary armaments , we should certainly have a right to act hostilely towards her . Our situation would certainly not be secure , if Spain were allowed to arm at any time , without explaining . In this view of the subject , he thought he might avoid many of the very minute matters , which the hon . and learned gent . who had just sat down , and some others who had spoken on the subject , had particularly adverted to . His chief object being to impress it on the mind of the house , that we had acceded to a neutrality or forbearance , on the express condition , that Spain should cease from all armaments whatever ; and if they broke through that condition , or materially infringed it , that would be a good and sufficient cause of war . We had , in the first instance , it good cause of war in the treaty of St. Ildefonso itself ; but as Spain thought they were not bound to act by that treaty , they were strictly bound to fulfil the condition on which they had obtained a stipulated forbearance on the part of this country . How then did the matter stand after this ? Mr. Frere received intelligence from admiral Cochrane , that great numbers of French soldiers and sailors were suffered to pass through Spain for the purpose of manning and equipping the French ships of war lying in the port of Ferrol ; and further , that Spain was also arming and equipping several ships not only in that port , but in the ports also of Cadiz and Carthagena . The hon . gent . who moved the amendment , had , last night , stated , for what reason he was at a loss to guess , that any 443 intelligence on this subject , coming from that gallant officer , should not be relied on with too much confidence . Why ? He thought it , in every respect , to be implicitly relied on . Did it not agree with the account contained in the letter of the capt . gen. of Gallicia , who allows that these are the exact number of ships which have been attempted to be armed , as described by admiral Cochrane , viz . 3 ships of the line . That was , beyond a doubt , a very mysterious armament , and altogether of that kind or description , which Spain , from the nature and spirit of the agreement , then recently entered into with this country , was not , in any manner , warranted to make or attempt . We had a specific agreement , that Spain should not arm at all . An armament is however set on foot . On Mr. Frere 's inquiry into the cause of it , he is told that it is for the particular purpose of quelling a rebellion which had broken out in the province of Biscay , and lie thought lord Harrowby was perfectly right , when he said , he did not think it possible that a satisfactory answer could be given on that subject . When Mr. Frere first made the enquiry , no such reason was pretended . He was told , that the armament was entirely laid aside , but that , such as it was , it was never meant with any view whatever that was in the most distant degree hostile or inimical to G. Britain . The first hint which was ever given of its being intended to quell the rebellion in Biscay , appears in the note of M. d'Anduaga here , who suggests , that he can not conceive