as some of the circumstances were with which it was attended , as indeed bloodshed , though shed even in lawful war , must always be regretted , yet that occurrence certainly had no influence on the 385 final decision of the question of peace or war.— I trust , sir , that I have sufficiently proved that , even in the commencement of the negotiations we had a just cause of war , which never was abandoned ; that during the second period our forbearance , while Spain became bound , and actually paid a war subsidy of 3 millions sterling to France , was conditional ; and that the condition being violated , we again were possessed of the right of war provisionally declared ; and all our demands of satisfaction and security being rejected , we are in consequence at open war . Under these circumstances , I entertain a full confidence that the vote of this house will recognize the justice of our cause and sanction the conduct of the govt . and that we shall lay at the foot of the throne the professions of a dutiful and loyal people , determined to make every sacrifice in the vindication of their rights , and in the defence , of their country.—I shall conclude , sir , with moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , to acquaint his majesty , that we have taken into our most serious consideration , the papers which have been laid before us by his majesty 's command , relative to the discussions which have taken place with the court of Spain : That we observe with the greatest satisfaction , that , through the whole of the transaction , his majesty has ! carried his moderation and forbearance to the utmost extent which was consistent with a due regard to the honour of his crown and the interests of his dominions : That , while we fully concur in the propriety and necessity of those prompt and vigorous measures of precaution which his majesty found himself compelled to adopt in consequence of the naval armaments fitted out by Spain , we see at the same time a fresh proof of his majesty 's earnest desire . to avoid , if possible , the extremity of war , in the first opportunity which he even then offered to the court of Spain , to enter on pacific negotiation : And that , impressed with these sentiments , and fully convinced of the justice of the war , which the conduct of the court of Spain ( evidently under the influence and controul of France ) has rendered unavoidable , we shall not fail to afford his majesty our most zealous and cordial , support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour , and bringing it to a safe and honourable termination . '' rose , oppressed and over-powered by the sense of the numerous de- 386 tails into which it would be necessary for him to enter , in order to confute the various fallacies of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down : details as extraordinary for the magnitude of their extent as for the importance of the objects which they embraced . To lessen , the arduousness of the task , and to trespass as little as possible upon the patience of the house , he should touch but very slightly on those parts of the subject in which no material difference of opinion existed between him and the right hon . gent , and confine himself principally to the points in which they were completely at variance . Of the former description was the character of the treaty of St. Ildefonso . The right hon . gent , had taken a great deal of pains and displayed a great deal of talent in proving what he was willing enough to admit—that this treaty was clearly an offensive as well as a defensive one , and that if not renounced by Spain , or the conditions of it explained in an unambiguous manner