was unnecessary , because as it was an equivalent for the succours stipulated , we must know what it was ; but when we complain of this payment to France as a war subsidy , we are answered , `` no , you have no reason of complaint , because you do not know what we pay . '' Thus , because the . Spanish govt . wrongfully refuses the communication of a treaty , in which we are directly interested , we are to have no redress , nor must we be displeased when a subsidy is paid ten times the amount of any stipulated succours in kind , had the furnishing of these been admitted , as they were not , to be sistent with neutrality . The first period of the negotiation begins with the discussions respecting the treaty of Ildefonso ; the second with those respecting the con-convention of subsidy ; the third era of the negotiation , commences with the instructions sent by lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Frere after that convention was known to be concluded . Lord Hawkesbury in his 375 letter of the 21st Jan. 1804 , says distinctly , that the convention of the 19th Oct. was a sufficient cause of war , but that , from views of forbearance and of policy , his maj. was unwilling , yet , to act upon the right which that measure conferred , if satisfactory explanations can be obtained . Mr. Frere , therefore , was instructed to require explanations respecting the other stipulations of the convention of the 19th Oct. and , secondly , to obtain satisfaction as to naval preparations . The forbearance of ministers , therefore , is not founded either upon blindness to the danger which the future hostility of Spain , under the guidance of France , might produce , but upon motives of policy adopting due precaution against that event . Their forbearance was conditional , and it required , as a sine qua non , that no naval preparations should be undertaken in the Spanish ports . Without this condition the generosity and the lenity of govt . would have been criminal had there been any danger that Spain , besides contributing a pecuniary subsidy , would have made any preparations for cooperating with France whenever the moment arrived when her military aid would have been useful . When Mr. Frere received these instructions , he was engaged in a discussion respecting the sale of prizes , on which at a later period satisfaction was obtained , and also respecting armaments at Ferrol . As to these , he received assurances that no hostile armaments were going on in that port . Agreeably to his instructions , Mr. Frere proceeded to demand a communication of the convention of the 19th Oct. Now , for the first time however , the Spanish govt . began , in their turn , to demand an explanation of the intentions of G. Brit . Mr. Frere insisted , that a commuication of the convention must be made preliminary to any agreement for the neutrality of Spain . On this the prince of peace referred him to M. Cevallos , and nothing was obtained but vague assurances that the treaty contained nothing hostile to the interests of this country . The reason , however , assigned for the refusal to communicate the treaty is peculiarly deserving of attention . It is expressly said that it had been proposed to communicate it , but `` general Bournonville had over ruled it ; '' Here is evidence incontestible of the controul exercised by the French over the Spanish govt . evidence furnished inadvertently by the latter themselves . The court of Spain admit that the demand made by 376 us was just ; and they excuse themselves for non-compliance by ah apology , of itself highly alarming , and affording the best criterion how precarious must be the reliance on the neutrality of Spain while the ascendancy of France continued . That we had a right to the communication of a treaty in which we were so nearly interested , I believe no man