through the Spanish territories , referred to in Mr. Frere 's dispatch of the 9th Sept . It was quite clear , that in consequence of the remonstrances of our minister , the future passage of French troops through Spain was prevented ; but while this was admitted , it was equally evident that some explanations took place on the subject . Now , it was very important for the house to know what these explanations Were ; but the house had hitherto no information on the subject . The existence of these explanations was indeed sufficiently evident , from references in the dispatches of the 24th Nov. but the house knew not in what spirit they were couched , or to what extent they proceeded . Respecting the convention alluded to in the correspondence , he was now convinced that what the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) had stated , was correct ; that such an agreement between the govt . of Spain and this country had no existence . But it was quite as manifest that the Spanish govt . did , in consequence of what had taken place in various conferences with our minister , suppose that their neutrality was to depend on certain understood conditions . In various parts of the correspondence it appeared that ministers had made various demands for a copy of the treaty by which Spain was to furnish subsidiary resources to France . He wished to be informed whether ministers were ever in possession of an official Copy of this document . The knowledge of 226 this fact was highly interesting , because it would be possible to form an estimate , whether the terms of it differed widely from those terms on which , in the , first instance , our forbearance was founded ; whether it was materially contrary to the principles on which there was a chance of the preservation of Spanish neutrality ; or whether Spain , at the time the rupture took place , had shewn any disposition to alter her conduct in any way likely to affect the interests of this country ? It was not attempted to be denied , in the papers already on the table , that very important conferences had taken place betwixt the Spanish ambassador here , and the sec . for the foreign department . The chev . d'Anduaga alluded to the conferences in various parts of his dispatches . It was fair to presume , not only that these conferences were highly interesting , but it was not at all unlikely that the principal part of the discussion that took place was committed to writing . The Spanish ambassador spoke in his dispatches of explanations Which these conferences produced , and it would surely be very strange indeed , if the sec . for the foreign department never communicated any part of the discussions to our minister at Madrid , as affording him a rule for the regulation of his conduct in the course of the various discussions which took place on all the points in dispute . From the Chev . d'Anduaga 's dispatches of the 3d Aug. it was quite undeniable that the conferences of the 29th and 30th Aug. involved matters of the highest consequence . In the whole of that dispatch , it was plain that his excl . viewed them in that light , and it was not less obvious , that in a similar light he had represented them to his court . If he attached so much consequence to them , was it presuming too much to suppose that they must have been at least equally interesting to our minister at Madrid ? It was next to an impossibility that he should have been left altogether ignorant of their principal importance ; but not a word of what had taken place betwixt Lord Hawkesbury , his successor , and the Spanish ambassador , appeared in the papers already on the table . The house , however , ought not to be kept in the dark , respecting any part of so interesting a business ; and he