clause , as tending unnecessarily to multiply oaths . agreed 860 in the propriety of the clause , though he regretted that he differed in opinion from so many able officers . He could not conceive how the oath could be prejudicial . The discretion of the officer was the same , and the evidence would be the same . He agreed , that if the practices of the courts Of law , with respect to evidence , was to be followed , it might be dangerous . He a greed to this clause , because it was just in itself , and not because there was any complaint . said , wanted no innovation in the system , but to have things brought back to their original institution , to confine the jurisdiction of regimental courts-martial to trifling offences , instead , of trying , as they do now , offences of mutiny , desertion , & c. under names that did not belong to them . He wished to have limited also the quantum of the punishment they should be entitled to inflict , for he had seen a man sentenced by a regimental Court-martial to receive one thousand strokes , for an offence , which , on board a ship , would not have been punished with more than a dozen lashes . At the same time , he confessed that he did not like to hear the solemnity of an oath should be resorted to in every trivial charge of drunken frolic , or being late on the parade . in reference to one of the observations of the chancellor of the exchequer , said , that in the militia , he knew of many captains in regiments , who were neither 21 years of age , and had not been so much as two years in the service . spoke very warmly against the bill , as likely to breed great dissentions , and promote disputes and unhappiness amongst the men , who would be thus encouraged to threaten their comrades with indictments for perjury if they gave evidence unfavourable to the accused . The practice which the clause went to abolish had prevailed for time immemorial , and without any complaint against it , from the reign of W. HI . down to the present moment , though the mutiny bill was brought every year before the eyes of parliament . This was merely a question of speculative good , offered to practical experience , for which reason he would give it his decided negative . said , he could not oppose the clauses , on account of the manner in which regimental courts martial proceeded , as they were now constituted . He 861 Slated , that it was usual for the president to take short notes of the most material parts of the evidence , while the other members of the court were chatting , or perhaps amusing themselves with writing or drawing on the slips of paper before them . In his opinion , these courts martial should always be composed of either 5 or 7 officers . said , he was anxious that on account of the similarity of their names , his opinion should not be confounded with that of the hon . officer who spoke before him , and whose proposal , of placing 6 or 7 officers in these courts martial would be impracticable in places where troops were detached , sometimes at the distance of one hundred miles asunder.—After a few words from General Fitzpatrick , the first clause was agreed to , and added to the bill ; and , on the question being put on the second clause authorizing the administering of oaths as to the witnesses , said , he did not think this clause would be attended with any material inconvenience ; but , considering how soon the present mutiny bill would expire , and that it must undergo a discussion in the other house , he doubted whether there would be time to pass it with those amendments . was adverse to the bill , on account of the bad effects