wished the house should be furnished with the fullest information on the points to which the motions of his hon . friend alluded , but desired it to be understood , that he would by no means consent to postpone his motion . was anxious to obtain the information which his motion had in view , even if it could not be had previous to the day fixed by his hon . friend , as it might be necessary upon subjects of future discussion . The hon . member also moved , for an account of all penulties assessed on parishes for deficiencies under the act ; and also , for that which might become a subject of future discussion , an account of any and what separate rates had been levied upon parishes in conse- 635 quence of this act . By this motion he meant to ascertain , whether the expence incurred by the act was identified with the poors ' rates in any instance , or separated from them as the act directed ; and he was the more induced to press the motion , because he knew it was much the custom to throw into the poors ' rateu , which were already so very much extended , things which were not at all connected with the proper object of that tax . saw no objection to tins motion but the difficulty of complying with it from the mode of keeping parish accounts . moved for copies of all circular letters addressed by the secretaries of state to the lieutenants of counties relative to the execution of this act.— This and the other motions of the hon member were agreed to , as was a motion of Mr. Sheridan , for an account of the number of men raised under this act , from the last return up to the latest period at which the same could be made out . in the absence of an hon . friend ( Mr. Kinnaird ) made the motions of which his hon . friend had given notice on a former day , with some others , which he thought necessary to add to them . The papers moved for were ; 1 , an account of all repairs , & c. of the Romney , when fitted out in Sept. and Oct. 1800 , and the expence attending the same ; 2 , an account of all repairs or alterations of the masts and hull of the Romney , in the months of Oct. Nov. and Peel 1800 , together with the expences of the same ; 3 , the last report of the survey or examination of the Sensible , and the expence of the repairs of 1800 , with the amount of the stores furnished to the said ship ; 4 , an account of all repairs done to the Romney and Sensible , 'and other ships under the command of sir Home Popham , and of all stores furnished to the said ships , particularizing the separate expences of each ship , and amount of stores ; 5 , an account of all the expences , repairs , & c. of the Romney and other vessels under the command of sir Home Popham at the Cape of Good Hope ; particularizing the stores , and specifying the quality , quantity , and price of each article ; 6 , an account of the naval stores , & c , purchased by Mr. Spearman in the Red Sea , and all other disbursements made for the vessels under sir Home Popham , while in that sea ; with the vouche:5 for the same ; 7 , an account of the terms of service , bounties received , the discharges , 636 and dates of such discharges , of David Ewing Bartholomew , late master 's mate in the Romney , while he was in the service of the navy ; 8 , an account of the term which the said Bartholomew had served in the Romney ; 9 , a copy of the order from the admiralty , to sir Home Popham to turn over all