De-fence bill , he would most heartily vote for the motion of his noble friend . The de-fence act ought in all events to be repealed , for it was an act founded on wickedness , and that wickedness founded on fraud . began , by expressing his surprize at the whole of what had been said by the noble earl who had just sat down , and most particularly so in what he had said as to his noble friend opposite ( lord Camden ) having brought the army into a state of indiscipline at the time he was lord lieutenant of Ireland . So far from that being the case , said the noble 803 lord , I verily believe that , it is to the . excellent measures and strenuous exertions of that noble earl , that we owe the . safety of Ireland , and without which that part of the empire would have been lost to this . So far from injuring the discipline of the army , his noble friend had put . arms into the hands of a large body of men , zealously attached to the cause of their king and country , whose loyalty then impelled them , to offer their services to combat insurrection and rebellion within , as well as the enemies without the country , and which men had been brought to as high a state of discipline as those of any army in the world . But there was one part of the speech of the noble lord who spoke last that was most , extraordinary indeed : he said that house had first dared to put arms into , the hands of the people , and then , afterwards , had dared to attempt their starvation . Good God ! What had they done ? When he heard the words , his hair stood on end ! The noble earl imputes that to their lordships which was altogether the act of Providence , viz . a bad crop , the effects of which he knew and lamented as much as any one . Their lordships could not controul the seasons , nor make the corn grow in spite of their opposition ; had we obtained a fair crop , he was certain there would have been no occasion for discontent : that , under , the guidance of Providence , was the sole cause of the high prices which had taken place in the necessaries of life , and it was not fair to impute them to any act of the legislature.—His lordship begged pardon for this digression , into which he bad naturally been led by the observations of the noble earl , and then proceeded to advert to the bill in question in this debate . He allowed that it had not fully answered the intentions for which it was framed : but he attributed this , in a considerable degree , to have happened from the bill not having as yet had a fair trial . He knew , however , from pretty good authority , that it was the intention of the right hon . gent . who framed it , to make many material alterations in it ; and he had no doubt that by these means it might be made productive of great and important advantages to the service and defence of the country ; and , in matters of this kind , he should wish such alterations as might be necessary to come from that quarter . His lordship said , he never was nor ever would be , the tool of any administration ; but he would never do any thing which might tend to distress them at 804 such times , especially as the circumstances of the country required for them support . The noble earl who spoke last had stated that the people were distressed and discontented , and our manufactures on the decline , and the manufacturers unemployed . He was happy to say , he had every reason to believe the very reverse to be the truth of the fact ; that our manufactures