, that the Sum now required to be advanced 565 should be deducted , in order that the debt , now so near liquidation , should be finally extinguished . He therefore , wished to know whether this sum was meant in liquidation of the former debt ? declared himself rather unprepared to give the hon . gent , a satisfactory answer ; but he certainly did not propose to vote this sum without reserve , or without subjecting the Company to be called to an account for what may be due from its revenues to this country . The , vote now called for had no relation to , much less did it annul , any prior engagement ; but both the hon . gentlemen were mistaken as to the purport off the act of 1793 , which enjoined , that , after the Company should pay its dividends and expences , and have a surplus to a certain amount , then out of that surplus , it was to contribute half a million towards the general finances of the country , and be at liberty to apply the remainder to the increase of its dividends . This subject would best be referred to a future discussion , when the state of the East India ) finances should be brought before them ; but it surely would be allowed , that the Revenue and resources of the Company might be very prosperous , and yet , by the-intervention of two or three unexpected wars , be rendered inapplicable to the aid of the national revenue . agreed , that the Company might have a just claim upon the public , but what he complained of was , that after declaring that they had a surplus of a million , instead of paying out of it what they owed to the country , the house should be called upon to discharge an old debt to them . explained , that the surplus so often mentioned was only stated to arise out of the territorial revenues of the Company , of which parliament had no right to claim any share , until it was brought home by investments , and all the charges on it paid . That indeed might be made the subject of a future claim ; but as to the territorial revenue , parliament had no immediate right to interfere with it . expressed a hope that the right hon . gentleman would reconsider that proposition . At a time when the lower order of the people were peculiarly 566 pressed on by the high price of every sort of provisions , he conceived it to be the duty of that house to consider that nothing which could be avoided should he added to the burdens which they so patiently bear . Salt was an article so generally and so necessarily used by every class of people , that an addition of 50 per cent , to the duty on that article must be severely felt by those who had already had the misfortune to feel too seriously the pressure of the times . While he was on his legs he should also notice the hardship of the tax upon horses used in husbandry being nearly doubled Person who were employed in raising the first article of necessity were entitled to some consideration . If they were not supposed to merit this consideration , the right hon . gentleman would recollect that they , like other dealers , might raise the article upon the consumer , and that the poor , who would be most likely to suffer by the operation of the additional tax on salt , would feel the pressure double by the advance which most probably would take place in the price of bread . The salt tax , however , he considered as most seriously affecting the lower order of the people , and hoped that if the right hon . gentleman could not provide a substitute for the additional tax on horses employed in husbandry , that he would endeavour to remove that now proposed to be laid on salt to some other