called the `` cheap defence of nations . '' Now , sir , in this , as in other matter , I say , go back to simplicity in your theory and practice . Get rid of the incumbrances and obstructions of your system . Clear away all the brush-wood , and brambles , and moss , and ivy , and let the tree have the full benefit of the air and the light of heaven.—That was what it wanted to invigorate its growth , and without that it could not prosper . We required an army for our defence , not a thing decked out in gaudy trappings that was merely an army to look at . To acquire such an army , nobody could say that much was not to be done , and nobody would say that much ought not to be done . In order to attain these objects , and to procure men , he would propose , as the most essential improvement , an alteration in the time of service . That improvement adopt- 608 ed , there were various other regulations which he would take occasion to submit , and particularly one with respect to the condition of the inferior officers of the army , whose pay was at present extremely inadequate . This was a point that , in a country like ours , where money was in a great degree the criterion of consequence , was highly deserving the attention of the house . It was notoriously impossible for military officers of inferior rank to subsist upon their present allowance . How , then , could the military character sustain itself and be held in proper estimation , if military men were driven , as too many of them unfortunately were , to all the shifts consequent upon poverty ; if they were , as was frequently the case , driven from the army altogether , to perish in a jail ? That such consequences must have a most injurious effect upon the army , he thought could not be doubted for a moment ; and the causes of the evil must be removed , before an efficient army could be had . If it was desired to raise and maintain an army , it was peculiarly necessary to raise the pay of the inferior officers , so as to enable them to maintain themselves like gentlemen . How galling must it be to them , to see themselves surrounded with holiday soldiers , who could afford all the enjoyments of life , and who outshine them in military splendor.—The next improvement he would recommend would be a formal , solid , and absolute renunciation of the practice of drafting . This practice he had ever deemed improper and mischievous , and a great aggravation of the other evils which existed in the military system . By abolishing the draft , and changing the term of service , he sincerely believed that two of the most serious objections which the people felt against enlisting into the regular army would be done away . If this mode of recruiting was adopted , he thought the country would never want real soldiers , and therefore would not be reduced to the necessity of placing much dependance on any other . He would also suggest some regulations relative to our force in the West India Islands . The horror felt respecting that service would be set aside in part by the abolition of the draft , and of course one of the great obstructions to recruiting would be removed . It was well known that , among the common people and the soldiery , nothing excited more dread than the idea of a draft to the West Indies ; for it was not the men going 609 to share danger with their officers , but going without their officers , and the mischief was to that place . which they deemed `` the bourne from whence no traveller returns . '' —Into a detail of the regulations which he thought necessary with respect to our West India service he did not feel it proper