circumstances of the case would admit . Their lordships would , have to consider the situation in which the ease stood before them . It had been brought forward by a noble member of that house towards the close of the last session . After some discussion , it was adjourned to the present session , when there arose some doubts as to the proper course to be taken the result of their lordships ' deliberations on that point was , that it was desirable , before Mr. Justice Fox should be called upon to answer the matters alleged , that some enquiry should , be made into the case , and some prima facie evidence offered , with a view to establish a ground for subsequent proceeding . A farther delay was then acceded to , in order to afford ; time to enable witnesses to come from Ireland . That last interval of delay being elapsed , he was surprised to hear on this day , for the first time , new doubts thrown out as to the propriety of what had been done , and a considerable further delay pressed for . Upon the whole , he was decidedly of opinion , the most regular and expedient way would be , to proceed , in the line already resolved on . With respect to the constitutional consideration of the case , he saw no objection whatever against the matter as given in that house . He , was aware of the respective legal right of either house to originate things of the , kind ; yet there were considerations which , more properly , and , with a view to general practice and usage , more particularly fell within the province of the one house than of the other . Matters of commerce , revenue , and finance , lay more particularly with the Commons . On the other hand , there were several matters which , by the same rule , it lay with their lordships to originate . Such , particularly , were cases of divorce bills ; certain considerations with respect to the law , in deciding upon which , they could have the assistance of the learned judges , who occasionally attended for the purpose ; and also that of the heads of some of the courts of justice , who were usually members of that house . He was convinced , the ends of justice would be more satisfactorily answered , by suffering the business to 539 proceed in its present course ; not only in this , but in point of expedition , it was infinitely preferable . In any mode of proceeding , the concurrence , or the co-operation of that house would be eventually necessary . As the case stood , the mode recommended by the noble lord would be only productive of further and even injurious delay . The commons could adopt no middle course between a vote of their house , either for redress or impeachment ; in the pending interval the character of the individual would remain at stake , and in some degree the administration of justice in Ireland suspended , for , by their single vote , the judicial functions of the individual would not be entirely taken away . Upon the whole , though he differed entirely from the noble baron in his proposition , yet he was not adverse to deferring the farther consideration of the case for a very short time , in order to afford their lordships an opportunity of turning over in their minds what had been respectively thrown out . His mind , however , upon the point was made up ; and he should have seriously to recommend to the house to proceed in the course already resolved upon , and with as little farther delay as possible . made a few observations in support of what had fallen from his noble friend . He pressed the consideration , that their lordships , in the mode proposed , would have to proceed as a grand jury , in an exparte way , and upon a case which