system for the recruiting of the army , and being adopted , it ought to be persevered in , unless something manifestly much more advantageous could be substituted in its place . Nay , though it could rank only as second or third in comparison of another plan , it was better it should be retained than that uncertainty and fluctuation , on a matter so important , should prevail . Besides , the act had not had a fair trial . It had been passed amidst much heat of party . It was not till Nov. that it began to be acted upon , and even under all these disadvantages it had produced a considerable number of men , and if it went on as it had for the last two weeks , the number raised during which was 300 each , it would in a twelvemonth produce 13,000 , and that without at all interfering with the other mode of recruiting . He was of opinion that our whole force was equal to the necessity of our situation , and that nothing , was wanting in it , but that the proportion of disposable force should be increased . He approved of the reduction of the militia to the old number of 40,000 , on this account , that it would facilitate the enlargement of our disposable force . The army of reserve act had been of the utmost utility , by supplying , in a short time , a greater number of men than any other measure could have done . Experience , too , had shewn that the best means of speedily augmenting the general regular force was to enlist the men , first for limited service , and to this system the government ought to adhere . As to the enlisting men for a limited time , he said , that differences of opinion prevailed among the most intelligent officers . The question had been attentively and impartially weighed by ministers ; and no such satisfactory reasons to rely upon its utility had appeared as to justify them in resorting to it . For his own part , he was convinced that it would not be attended with the advantages expected from it . Upon the whole , he thought that the act now in being should be continued ; and he trusted , too , that the penalties it imposed for not raising the 516 men would be exacted ; for if it were imagined that they would not , or that the bill would be altogether repealed , no exertions would be made to carry its provisions into effect . And from this cause , perhaps , it had not hitherto been so successful as it would have been , though the experience they had of it should induce the parliament to persevere in it.—His lordship then adverted to the remarks of a more personal nature , which the allusions of the noble mover had introduced . He admitted , that in a government like this , differences of opinion must exist , and that such differences though naturally accompanied with occasional warmth or hostility , ought , not to be any bar to men concurring and acting together for the public good . The merits of such unions , however , must be decided by the circumstances under which they arose , and the motives by which they , were prompted . It was not easy to lay down any general grounds on which they could be judged . He would say , however , that if men who had long been in the habits of friendship , confidence , and concurrence in sentiment , on public affairs , and on fundamental points of the constitution , did happen to disagree , their re-union was at least as natural as their separation , and could not afford any ground of suspicion of their integrity and consistency . On the other hand , if those who had been in constant hostility and opposition to each other on all public questions , who had differed on the most essential principles of the constitution ,