to them that it ought to be continued , they will be enabled to do so in a constitutional manner , by bringing down a message from his majesty , stating the existence of traitorous conspiracies in Ireland , and recommending such an inquiry and investigation , as may lay a just foundation for a bill of this nature . I therefore move , that instead of the word `` six weeks after the next session of parliament , '' there be inserted the following words : `` six weeks 590 after the passing of this act . `` —The amendment was put , and negatived without a division . The bill having then gone through the committee , was reported , read a third time , and passed.—Adjourned . in rising to submit to the house the motion of which he had given notice on the first day of the session , could not forbear calling the attention of gentlemen to the numerous postponements that had taken place with respect to it , none of which , excepting the last , had originated with himself . The only delay that was chargeable to him was rendered desirable and necessary by many considerations . The motion he was about to offer was almost precisely the same as that offered by 591 his hon . friend on the bench above ( Mr. Fox ) , on the 23d of June last ; The terms of it were , that it should be referred to a committee , to review the several acts passed in the two last sessions for the defence of the country , and to consider of such further measures as might be necessary to make that defence more complete . He saw many gentlemen on the other side of the house who had thought it most necessary to review the system of defence in the last session . He would ask those gentlemen , how they could think such a review necessary then , and not think it full as necessary now ? He desired them to take the account as it stood then , and to consider in what respect the balance had been changed . It was necessary , to alter the state of the case , that some change should have taken place , either that the enemy 's means of annoying us should have decreased , or that our `` relative strength should have increased more than theirs . It was necessary also , that this diminution of our danger should not be a temporary cessation , but that the cause of apprehension should have entirely passed away . In his opinion , no material change had taken place . It was true some addition had been made to our force , but if even a greater addition had been made that would not be sufficient . The general : state of our military establishment was what it would be necessary to inquire into , and what had been done under the late defence act , to give us those improvements which were so generally allowed to be wanting before . Those who had voted for a Committee of Inquiry on this subject before , and one in particular who had gone further than all the rest ( the present Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , were , he thought , particularly called upon to support his motion . He should feel extreme surprise if they should resist it , and was at a loss to think what reason they could possibly offer for such a resistance , except , indeed , they were prepared to confess they were wrong in their opinions at that time ; that the measures they arraigned at that time had merits which they did not then see ; and that the measures they recommended had deficiencies of which they were not aware . Was the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , prepared to say , that the whole of the additions made to our military establishment were made by his present colleagues , whom he then 592 opposed ; was he prepared to say ,