the present instance ? Was it a theory that the West India islands were in a very alarming State ? This was a thing , however , which would be granted by every body , and which had in fact been universally granted . Was it a theory that the trade was bad in itself , and contrary to justice and humanity ? Instead of theory , it was a positive fact , on which the supporters of the bill had rested their arguments . It was acknowledged on all sides , that there was an alarming disproportion between the numbers of the blacks and of the Europeans in the West Indies . It is allowed that there are at least 30 blacks to 1 white , and that from this great disproportion of numbers much mischief had already arrived , and much danger was apprehended . It can therefore hardly be called a theory to wish to diminish this danger , by diminishing that disproportion from which it arose . It was now 12 or 13 years since the house had come to a resolution for gradually abolishing the slave trade , and yet many of those who voted for this gradual abolition had hitherto opposed every measure which tended to carry into effect that re solution , and many of those who then saw the greatest danger from the disproportion between the black and white population , can now consent that this danger shall be constantly increasing with increasing disproportion . As to the war not being likely to last for ever , and the view of the question when peace should be established , he must say , he hoped as much as any gent , that the war would not last long , yet he must say , that if the solemn resolutions of the house of commons were to be carried into effect at all , the war certainly presented no difficulty , on the contrary he was sure that while the war continued , the argument could never apply on which the opponents of the bill placed their principal reliance , for certainly we could not be supplied with slaves by French or Spanish ships , as long as we were , at war with those nations . The hon . gent . concluded with observing , that it was most material that the house of commons should again declare its opinion upon this trade ; there 662 must be a strong hope that an opinion so gravely delivered , and which had been so often repeated , would at length make a powerful impression on the public mind , and would be adopted . said , it was his purpose to have gone somewhat at large into the present important question and the consideration which it involved ; but the most essential of the points which he should have endeavoured to establish , had been enforced by other gentlemen with a degree of knowledge and ability so superior to any that he could have brought to the subject , that if he were to proceed in the course he had intended , he should , weaken the impression which their speeches can not fail to have made both on the understanding and the feelings of every member present . The task , therefore , which he had prescribed to himself was much curtailed ; but relying , as he knew he might , on the candour and indulgence of the house , he would not entirely forego this opportunity of lifting his voice ( feeble as it must prove ) in reprobation of that monstrous traffic , the toleration of which has so long been the opprobrium of the British legislature . It was far from his intention to charge this sin upon the nation at large ; for well he remembered the nation at large had testified its abhorrence of it , by universally petitioning for its abolition ; and it has since been a matter of astonishment to all Christendom. , that those who are the constitutional guardians of British freedom should sanction elsewhere the most detestable system of op pression