of Jan. inst . and therefore praying to be heard , by themselves , or by their counsel , at the bar of the house , and that the house will grant them such relief in the premises , as to its justice shall seem meet . `` —Ordered , that the said petition do lie upon the table . A petition of the several persons , whose names are thereunto subscribed , was delivered in at the table , and read ; setting forth , `` that the petitioners are freeholders of the county of Middlesex , and claim to have had a right to vote at the last election for that county ; that at such election sir F. Burdett , bart . and G. B. Mainwaring , esq . were candidates to represent the said county in parliament ; that upon a shew of hands the sheriff J. Shaw , esq . and sir W. Leighton , knt . declared the majority , on the view , to be in favour of sir P. Burdett , but a poll being duly demanded for the said election , the same was granted by the said sheriff , and commenced on the 23d of July , 1804 ; that the said poll continued open 011 the first day till about 5 o'clock in the evening ; that on every other day during the continuance of the same , the poll was kept open 7 hours ; that on divers days during such continuance , several persons attended at the booth , appointed according to law , to give their votes , and did accordingly declare their votes to be in favour of sir F. Burdett , whose names , places of abode , and freeholds , and in whose occupations their freeholds were , were duly entered on the poll , but the sheriff refused to permit the scratches or marks to be set opposite to their names , denoting the candidate for whom they voted , until their titles to vote had been examined into , although they offered to substantiate their titles by their oaths , nor would the sheriff allow such examination to take place at the booth , but insisted on their attending in a box , placed in a different part of the hustings , to undergo such examination ; and although such persons , in compliance with such requisition , did accordingly attend at the said box , yet the consideration of many votes so-circumstanced , was adjourned , for want of time , till the days respectively succeeding , and thereby great delay and confusion arose ; that in order to prevent the same in future , application was at sundry times , by the agents , friends , and 140 counsel of sir F. Burdett , made to the sheriff of the said county , to keep the poll ; open longer than 7 hours , as by law he was bound to do when upon good and sufficient cause requested so to do ; that the said sheriff , at the several times aforesaid , refused to accede to such application , that on the 14th and 15th days of the poll , the said sheriff , together with Newman Knowlys , esq . who then and there sat as assessor , or assistant to the said sheriff , severally , and at sundry times declared , that if at 3 o'clock on the said 15th day the votes of any persons that had been before that time objected to should not have been examined , the said sheriff would proceed upon such examination , and determine on the same after 3 o'clock on the same , or the following day ; and the petitioners further state , that at 3 o'clock on the 15th day of the poll , several voters were in attendance at the sheriff 's box , in obedience to orders given by the sheriff , waiting to be examined in respect to the titles to their votes , which had been previously entered on the poll , and their votes declared , some for the