, to alter the nature of the charge , and to establish the innocence of the accused up to the moment before the time fixed for the infliction of punishment , the sentence should be reversed . Here , however , it was proposed to deviate entirely from that laudable and salutary mode of proceeding . Since the investigation of this case before the committee , circumstances had occurred which , without meaning any reflection whatever on the judgment , principles , or character of the gent , who composed that commit : tee , would , he was persuaded , prevent them at the present day from pronouncing as a jury that verdict which appeared in the report on the table . Was it not , then , but fair to allow these circumstances to be laid before the house by evidence at the bar ? It would be unjust towards the house , and it would be cruel towards the parties accused , to exclude such evidence . If a criminal were convicted of the most heinous offence , that power in whom the right of pardon is constitutionally vested , would not hesitate even the moment before the appointed execution of sentence , to remit that sentence , and pardon the accused , should any facts arise to prove his innocence . This example should be attended to in the case under consideration , and should urge the house to afford to the accused every opportunity of exculpation , before it attempted to pronounce judgment . This was not only the opinion which he entertained , but that which was sanctioned by all former proceedings in similar cases . In the Shoreham case , which the noble lord chose as the precedent to follow , with one exception only , in this instance , he recollected some debate , and a division also , the result of which was , a determination opposed only by a very small minority , that those accused should be heard fully by evidence , and by counsel at the bar . Such was the mode that justice , law , and precedent suggested to the house on the present occasion ; and he felt the character of the house , and of public equity , to be so much concerned , that he could not help resisting the introduction of a different practice . The evidence which appeared in the report might have been taken in a loose way , or it might be imperfect , and a farther examination at the bar might elucidate many , important facts . This was not at all im- 281 possible , notwithstanding the close scrutiny said to have , taken place before the committee , and the known accuracy of the council employed , whose ability no man mole highly respected than he did , and upon even the possibility of such elucidation , he would have the parties allowed a farther hearing . Those parties he bad heard it intimated , were willing to acquiesce in the refusal of any farther examination of evidence ; of this he knew nothing positively , but even if it were so , it would effect no change in the opinion he entertained . However , if upon appearing at the bar they admitted the evidence as it stood in the , report , their admission must of course be received ; but in no other way-could he notice , that admission , because it was not more his object to render perfect justice to the accused , in this instance , than to guard against the establishment of a precedent that was likely to lead to great injustice towards others.—The hon . member concluded , with observing , that under all the circumstances of the case , particularly after having appointed a hearing at the bar on this day , and ordered the attendance of the parties accordingly , it would be one of the harshest proceedings imaginable to reverse that order now , and strike into a new and opposite course . said , he saw no force in the arguments used by the