measure of rigour , but not of idle or tyrannical rigour , for it left the party affected by the ballot , at liberty to provide a substitute by a pecuniary sacrifice . When this measure had produced all that could be expected from it , an act for suspending it in its progress passed the house , when the change took place in the administration . Another bill was then brought in for raising men and money , but on a more equitable principle . By the provisions of the Army of Reserve Act , if the individual would not serve personally , the tax fell upon him , and it was impossible to argue against the penalty , unless a compulsory power was resorted , to , to procure personal service . The present 502 measure was intended to obtain the men by the personal influence of the principal inhabitants , and if that influence should fail , the penalty was , and ought to fall , not on the individual , but on the persons having that influence , He knew of no measure more likely to succeed than this . His noble friend had said , that if ineffectual to its military purpose , it was objectionable on the score of its pecuniary operation . But he was one of those who thought the penalties should not be remitted under the existing circumstances , unless some other mode should be pointed out more likely to produce the men . His lordship said , after much professional experience , and after reflection on the various modes of recruiting the army , he thought that the present plan deserved a longer trial than that which had marked its origin and progress . If , however , after that fair trial which he now so earnestly solicited , it should still appear inefficient , no man would be unwise enough to persist in its continuance . As to noble lords affirming that it was a tax on the country , and that instead of men , it raised money , he could not deny but that every bill of this kind operated in some degree as a tax , although originally never intended to do so . If , as in some instances , money was paid as a legal equivalent for men , in places where ' men were not easily obtained , it was , by this forced distinction called a sort of money bill , raising money by a mode which the legislature never meant , because it was well known that in this particular instance men were far more acceptable to govt . than money , as the very design of the bill was for the raising of men , and not for money . Those who attempted to poison the minds of the people by calling it a money bill , and thus to produce an odium against it throughout the country , certainly acted very unfairly , because by this false construction they endeavoured to obstruct the efforts of govt . in the public service . But he never heard of any measure , particularly that for the recruiting of the army , which could not be objected to . Every plan which had been proposed , for that purpose had been distinguished by its advocates and opponents ; and he knew of no system which had ever been adopted that reconciled all difference of opinion . If some parishes or districts chose to compromise for men by the payment of money , that was no fault of those who introduced the bill , because it was 503 necessary that govt . should be supported , either in men or money ; and if the latter instead of the former , then such contributions were applicable to the services of the state , by being expended for the raising of men . If the plan were bad , as some noble lords maintained , but which he denied , even then it was expedient to adopt it , till we found some better system to act upon . He therefore hoped t hat