has it done ? The prospect held out was , that it would procure an immediate force of 18,000 men before October last , and a farther supply of 9,000 were to be added before October 1805 , being in all 27,000 men . But what is the fact ? This measure , which we were pompously told was calculated for the immediate exigency , had in the first 15 weeks produced only 1581 men in England , Ireland , and Scotland ; and of these 1581 , only 640 were raised between the 15th of Sept. and the 6th of Nov ; but supposing , for the sake of argument , that those 1581 were all raised in England within 15 weeks , that would be no justification of the bill ; for the question is not about 6O or 100 or 200 men a week . It must now produce 850 per week , in order to complete the number which it ought to raise before October next . Who , then , will contend that the bill has not completely and totally failed ? 778 When the right hon gent . triumphantly promised and pledged himself , that its operation would produce , within a certain time , 27,000 men , the difficulties , the innumerable difficulties in the way of its execution were foretold to him . It has been said , that the bill was carried by a small majority , and that it had to encounter the effect of much opposition . I do not believe that any obstacle whatever , arising from this cause , has been opposed to the bill . But did I not , at the time , warn the right hon . gent . not to push this bill against the sense of the majority of the English members of parliament , because even a measure , the principle of which might be good , could not be advantageously brought forward , against the sense of the public at large ? It is said , too , that expectations have gone abroad , that the bill would be repealed . But what sort of a defence of a measure is it to say , that its absurdities are so palpable and its inefficacy so manifest , that all men believed it was to be repealed ; and is not this to acknowledge , rather than to palliate the failure ? A noble lord ( Sidmouth ) formerly a member of this house , but now at the head of his majesty 's council ( for the right hon . gent . is extremely tenacious of the singular number on this occasion ) did , on the bringing in of this bill , propose that it should be postponed until the ensuing session , in order to ascertain the sense of the country respecting it , in the interval . I confess I was one who did not approve of that advice , as the right hon . gent . promised that his bill would produce immediate benefit and assistance . It is somewhat strange , however , that now , when it has been tried and found totally inefficient , the same right hon . gent . should step forward , and tell us that it ought not to be repealed . It has unquestionably failed as to men ; and the right hon . gent . has disclaimed any idea of ever employing it as an instrument of taxation , and to this declaration I am disposed to give implicit belief . It is impossible that any one , standing in his situation , could ever resort to so infamous , so vexatious , and so unequal a mode of taxation . For , how is it to be employed ? Why , as a threat . It is not the fine but the dread of the parish officers that is to get the men . A more flagrant instance of oppression never was heard of in the history of the world . It is a principle that is in itself a reason for the repeal of this