to the candour of gentlemen , whether , if the bill had been even less successful than it has been , it would have been at all a matter of astonishment ? To all these circumstances let me add , sir , the industry with which the statements of the total failure of the bill have been circulated over the country , the circumstance of its having last session encountered violent opposition , and being carried by a small majority , accompanied by the expectation that , it would certainly be repealed on the meeting of parliament . When , however , these prejudices are dissipated , when the country see that parliament are determined to give the measure a fair trial , when they have every reason to think that it is meant to be a permanent part of our military system , I have no hesitation in expressing my conviction that it will fulfil the most sanguine expectations of its most zealous supporters . If any thing further were wanting to prove that the bill has not yet got this fair trial , it would be the consideration that in no case yet have the penalties of the bill been imposed . It becomes , however , a matter of consequence to have it understood that they certainly will be imposed ; and I venture to predict , that even the knowledge will go a considerable way to giving the bill all the effect which I hope it will be found ultimately to produce . At present I have no doubt that in several districts sufficient exertion has not been em- 754 ployed to procure the required quota , from an expectation that the penalties would not be enforced . When , however , they are fully apprized of the contrary , they will feel it necessary to make new efforts , and if these efforts are properly directed , there can be no question about procuring the necessary quotas . The measure then , sir , has not been hitherto fairly tried , and I certainly shall not part from it , unless reasons much stronger than those which the hon . gent , has condescended to use shall be employed , and unless the events of the remainder of the year prove that my expectations of its future effects turn out to be unfounded . But , sir , I am accused of disappointing the house and the country , by holding out , through the medium of this bill , the prospect of a most rapid and extensive increase of our regular force . Now , as to this statement , I have to offer a few observations , and , sir , I beg leave to say , that I never held out any such expectations , I never did give any such pledge , I never said that I looked to this measure solely as the means of recruiting our regular army . I never argued that this measure was exclusively to furnish us with a disposable force . Let me remind the house , sir , shortly , of the circumstances under which the measure was produced . The hon . gent , in his observations , seemed to insinuate that I was hostile to the general principle of the army of Reserve Act . Now , this is a most gross misrepresentation of my views on this subject . So far from disapproving of that measure , I approved of it cordially , and , I am in the judgment of the house , that I supported it in the most strenuous manner . That act certainly did produce a large accession to the army , and , on that account , was a most important measure . But it was attended with many very serious inconveniences , in raising the bounties , in discouraging direct in listing into the regular army , and in promoting desertion . Those who felt all these inconveniencies , and who were at the same time convinced that the penalties were excessive , thought that some milder act should be substituted in its place ,