acted in the manner they hare done ? Had we in the first instance , prepared an extensive armament for the express and avowed purpose of invading their shores , then allowed it to be insulted at least , if not injured , by the assaults of hostile squadrons , and concluded by sending a flag of truce to the very parties to whom we had denounced destruction . With what exultation would they have then exclaimed , `` such were your threats , and such has been your execution ! '' With regard to many of the suggestions which his right hon . friend had thrown out relative to the improvement of the state of the army , he had only to lament , and this he did with the utmost sincerity , that he had not the advantage of official situation to put them into practice ; he was convinced that government would hear with attention , and adopt with anxiety any of those suggestions , the propriety of which was obvious . He must repeat what be had said on the measure , which was the object of his right hon . friend 's motion . The principle of that measure could not be said to have failed , for only the first part . of it had been put into execution , the last yet remained to be executed . The two parts were perfectly distinct ; the on was comparatively torpid and insensible ; the other active and vigorous . It would ; be a strange , and surely a very contradictory mode of proving to the country the stability of our councils , to abandon a plan to which we had not yet given a fair trial ; this would rather be an was nothing of fluctuation and uncertainty : If what he had asserted was tree , if there was nothing in the present situation of out affairs that of could justify in us either precipitation or despondency , but if , on the contray , the measure under consideration contained it the seeds of a permanent system , which 623 would ultimately put us in possession of a disposable force greater than any one we had yet had at our command , he then thought his right hon . friend had not made but a case sufficiently strong to induce the house to go into the committee lie required . rose to explain . He did not mean to imply the army should be excused from the service in the West Indies ; he intended only to intimate that much of the peril of that duty might be avoided by some salutary regulations . rose in reply , and animadverting on the assertion of the right hon . gent . who spoke last , that no care was made out to justify the house in adopting the motion of his right hon . friend , proceeded to shew , that a case was made out , and that it required attention only to the documents before parliament , to put that case in a clear and strong light , and which no declamation or sophistry could overshadow and obscure . If , said the hon . baronet , in December 1803 , parliament voted a very considerable augmentation of military force , under a general sense of the danger and exigencies of the country , and the necessity of going far beyond an army suited merely to defence ; if that vote has not been given effect ; if a total failure of increasing our infantry of the line has occurred ; and if even the British regular infantry have decreased in numbers from Jan. 1804 to Jan. 1805 , surely such failure , to be attributed only to the inefficiency of the measures adopted by parliament , or to neglect or incapacity of executive ministers to give their measures effect , constitutes a case for enquiry , and for going into a committee ( as proposed ) for a revision of the laws passed with a view to military levies , and of the exertions and measures adopted by ministers for