secretary of state had , upon further consideration , altered his opinion upon the point , and would agree to the production of the information required . His lordship then proposed his motion , similar lo that offered on a former night ; the leading point was , `` that an account of the conditions on which such persons as were liberated from confinement under the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , were discharged , be laid before the house . '' replied , that the more he had considered the point , the more confirmed he was in his objections to such a proceeding . The noble secretary then repeated his observations on the former occasion , as to the dangerous tendency , in various points of view , of making the disclosure required ; this , he thought , so obviously the case , that he did not wish to take up their lordships ' time in further descanting upon the subject . could not see any objection to that part of the motion ; he thought the condition upon which these persons were discharged was a piece of information which it was necessary , should be laid before parliament , in order that they might see how the powers given by former suspension acts had been used , particularly when they should probably be shortly called upon to renew that suspension . He could not conceive that any mischief could arise from the disclosure of secret information mentioned by the noble secretary of state , as the conditions of their discharge must be known to the persons liberated , and if this part of the motion was refused it would follow that information was granted to those persons who had probably been arrested upon suspicion of treason , which was denied to parliament . declared his entire opposition to that part of the motion , 542 as local circumstances rendered it highly inexpedient that such information should be disclosed.—After a few words from Lord King , that part of his lordship 's motion in question was withdrawn.—Adjourned to Monday . rose and addressed the committee as follows : Mr. Alexander ; the first article of supply that has been voted , to which I shall call the attention of the committee , is the supply for the naval service . The total amount of what has been already voted , exclusive of the sum of 390,000l for ordnance sea service , is 14,645,630l . exceeding by 2,600,000l . the amount of what was voted last year for the same service . The excess has arisen from the sum of 1,800,000l . for the expences attending the 20,000 additional seamen voted this year , and for the increase in the extraordinaries and transport service . The next article of supply is the army ; there has been already voted under this head , the sum of 10,000,000l . for guards , garrison , militia , & c. I will not detain the committee by going over the different items , but there remain still two articles to be voted , the estimate of the extraordinaries , and of the expences of the volunteer corps ; in the latter article there may be some small diminution , but I will take the amount at 1,100,000l . The extraordinaries I calculate to amount to the same as last year , 3,660,000l . These two items , added to the total of ten millions , make an aggregate sum , exclusively of the expence under the same head for Ireland , of 14,778,391l . which is an exceeding beyond tile last year of about 300,100l . For Ireland , under the head of army , there has been already voted the sum of 2,838,000l . To these remain to be voted the sum of 300,000l . and the same sum for the expence of volunteer corps , making the whole amount for Ireland 3,838,506l . The total amount of the votes for the army , therefore , for both countries will be 544 18,6l6,89l . The total amount under the same head of service for last year , was 19,143,000l