. The gent . he adverted to was Francis Mason , Esq . commander of his maj. 's ship Rattler ; and as that gent . was indebted wholly for his promotion to Lord St. Vincent , his voluntary and unsolicited testimony would have some weight with the house . The affidavit had been made before the mayor of Portsmouth on the 5th of Jan. 1805 , subsequent to the appearance of the pamphlet , but before the notice of the hon . gent . 's motion . The tenor of the affidavit was highly complimentary to the hon . bart . It stated `` that he saw no undue waste of stores ; that the conduct of sir Home Popham was that of a strict disciplinarian , and that he was incapable of doing any thing contrary to honour and integrity , and the good of the service ; that his attention to the sick was exemplary ; that they had in the Red Sea only one scorbutic , and one liver case ; that the country boats were absolutely necessary , and that by them they saved the lives of 400 persons , soldiers and sailors , in the Red Sea ; that a cable was cut in Balasore Road , at the recommendation of the pilot , in order to enter Diamond Harbour , with several other particulars , highly to the credit and honour of the character of sir Home Popham . '' Similar testimony in his favour the hon . officer read from the letter of a respectable gent . in India , in which he attributes the safety of the Calcutta transport in the Red Sea , to the exertions of sir Home Popham , his officers and crew.—He insisted on the circumstance of no attempt being made to bring him to punishment , as a strong proof of his innocence . If the board of admiralty thought they had a case 269 made out against him , why did they not bring him to a court martial ? That they were not unwilling to do so , can scarcely be denied ; and their having taken no steps in the business , was a pretty good proof that they were convinced that any attempt to substantiate any charge against him would prove abortive . No less than IS months after his return elapsed before any report was formed , and now that the report was before the public nearly a year , no steps had been taken to follow up the charges . He was happy that the subject was now brought forward , and he trusted there would not be a dissenting voice in agreeing to the production of all the papers for which the hon . gent . had moved . He was anxious to have no information held back , and he was highly gratified to think that he should now have an opportunity of vindicating his conduct before so high a tribunal . Before he sat down , the hon . officer animadverted on the last sentence of the report of the commissioners of the navy board . It was there admitted by the commissioners that they had conducted the investigation in an unusual manner , that they had framed their report without hearing sir Home Popham as to any of the grounds of charge , but that in following this course they thought they acted in conformity to the wishes of the lords commissioners of the admiralty . stated , that the board of admiralty had directed the navy board to furnish the hon . officer with a copy of their report , and that he believed it was furnished . It was natural to suppose that when such heavy accusations were brought forward against the hon . officer , he would have entered into some justification of his conduct . The hon . officer had hinted that he ought to have been called before the navy board for that purpose . Such was not the regular mode of procedure . The accounts of all naval officers are sent to the navy board , there examined , and