before the house for consideration , if evidence was not to be examined ; or upon what question the house was called on to decide ? If the subject was not to be investigated at the bar the house would have nothing left to do but to adopt the opinion and recommendation of the committee ; and there could be no use for the hearing of counsel . But he trusted this measure would be differently considered ; for if the course proposed by the noble lord were followed , it did not appear to him that any question would remain for the discretion of the house . stated , in reply to the hon . gent , that the question brought before the house for consideration was this. , whether , from the whole body of evidence contained in the printed report on the table , and which comprehended the fullest information on both sides of the case , the committee was justified in the inference they made , and in the opinion they had pronounced upon the parties accused , and also whether any proceeding should be instituted grounded on such opinion . The noble lord repeated his objections to the farther examination of evidence.—The resolutions were then put and carried.—Adrjourned ; rose , not , he said , to oppose the motion , but merely to state what he conceived to 165 be the reason for the noble lord 's proposing , that the house should meet to-morrow , namely , that the additional papers relative to the question with Spain , were expected then to be ready to be laid upon the table . In stating that he did not mean to oppose the motion , he begged it to be understood , that he could not at all reconcile the conduct of the noble lord , and of his colleagues in office , in now wishing to push this matter to so early a discussion , to the effect even of taking precedence of another business , of which he ( lord D. ) had given notice , and which undoubtedly yielded in interest to none , with their previous proceedings and ideas on this subject . All the correspondence , all the papers at all connected with the Spanish question , were in their power and knowledge , and in the power and knowledge of none else . They ought at the beginning to have laid on the table every paper which was at all essential to the forming of a fair judgment on the question . They did lay such papers on the table , and noble lords on the same side of the house with himself made no objection to them , nor demanded any farther production . They were willing to have formed their judgment on the question , on the evidence which ministers themselves had thought sufficient . Now , however , ministers viewed the matter differently , and they had themselves moved for additional papers . To this his 1dp . said he could have no objection ; but he must be forgiven for saying , that the conduct of noble lords on the other side , in his respect , did not correspond with that desire for a speedy discussion of the business which they had been so eager to profess : at all events , he could not see on what grounds their own delay , or want of preparation , ought to be esteemed a reason for postponing the motion on another important subject of which he had formerly given notice . He rather conceived the conduct of noble lords in administration , as a servile imitation of the proceedings in another house , which it was unbecoming the dignity of that house to follow , unless on most substantial and necessary grounds . expressed his surprise at some of the observations which fell from the noble earl . With respect , however , to the papers and documents in question , he would first say , that they were more voluminous than he had formerly occasion to apprehend , snaking a 166 quantity of not