himself in the eyes of his country from the imputation which attached to him , and in that case he should be one of the first to avow his misapprehension . was surprised , as the hon . gent , was not pushed for precedents , that he should allude to an officer who had lost his life in the service of his country . was persuaded , that with the sentiments which he was sure the hon . gent , possessed , it must have been through inadvertence that he had selected , as one of his precedents , the officer alluded to . It was due to the memory of that officer to have spared the feelings of those who admired him , and of a country grateful for his valour and services . Had he lived , he would have proved an invaluable ornament to that profession in which , few has had been his days , he had shone . said , that he would not be schooled by any man in that house into sentiments of delicacy . He had alluded . 273 to the case of a gallant officer ; but both without having aspersed , or meaning to asperse his memory.—The hon . gent 's , motions were then put and agreed to . then rose , and stated , that wishing nothing to he withheld , he felt it is duty to move to have laid before the house , all his correspondence with the board of admiralty and the navy board . He accordingly referred to the greater part of their letters , in all of which he expressed the strongest desire for the fullest investigation of his conduct . He complained severely of the reluctance of the navy board to give him up the papers necessary for completing his defence , even after he had received assurances from the secretary of the admiralty that orders for that purpose had been specially delivered . He had been informed in April that the papers were nearly ready for delivery . He had made repeated applications , till Aug. when he was given to understand that the papers were lost . Thus , after waiting 4 or 5 months , he had been scandalously tantalized and disappointed . He inveighed with great severity on such unfair and illiberal treatment of the report . As an instance of the jealousy , or worse , of the late admiralty , the hon . officer next stated to the house , that when at Sheerness , for the purpose of refitting , every delay had been interposed , and the most vexatious obstacles thrown in his way , until at length the object was in danger of never being accomplished , —There was another subject on which he felt peculiar pain . It was not enough to have traduced him in a pamphlet , in which hot one fact appeared that was not scandalously perverted , but that pamphlet must be circulated with an industry unparalleled , and even sent to the officers under his command : for when on a late service on the enemy 's coast , he found that that pamphlet had been sent by post to the officers under his command . On a proceeding like this , which obviously tended to remove all confidence in a commander , he need make no observations . Was it patriotism ? Was it public virtue ? Ridicule , too , was at the same time attempted to be thrown upon him , because he had been , as his enemies had pleased to term it , a leader of catamarans , a mode of attack , which in common with other officers , he had suggested to the present naval administration . He begged leave to remark on the way in which the notice for the motion now before the house had been given . He was in command of a 274 ship now at Gravesend ; it was occasionally necessary for him to go down to that place ; and a day on which he was absent was selected for the purpose of