be diminished.—As to the military system of the country , though he totally disapproved of . the defence act , yet he wished to see the country well armed . A friend of his out of doors , a person for whom he had a great respect , ( major Cartwright ) had written well on this subject . Noble lords might laugh , but the noble lord , the secretary of state for the home department , would not laugh when he mentioned another writer on this subject , his own father , who had written a book , when Mr. Jenkinson , on the military defence of the country . This latter book was the most constitutional , legal , learned , scientific , and entertaining tract on the national defence , he had ever perused . Both on the principles of this book , and from his own conviction of the necessity , as well as wisdom , of so doing , he was not only for arming the people , but wished the arming to be more general . But the system of ministers was that of arming the people at present , and starving them afterwards . Besides , there was the utmost reason to apprehend the worst possible consequences from the state of indiscipline in which the force is ; though this could not much occasion surprize , when it was recollected that under a noble secretary of state opposite him ( lord Camden ) the state of indiscipline of Ireland , when he was lord-lieutenant , was such , that general Abercrombie , on arriving in that country , as commander in chief , in 1795 , issued a proclamation , stating , among other things , that the army , from its indiscipline , was only formidable to itself , and not to an enemy . The state of our means of de- 802 fence was not so good-as under the late minister . The present minister was perhaps a man of more brilliant talents , but he was not a man of more good sense , than the late . Yet the present minister thought nothing of calling the noble lord ( Sidmouth ) fool and simpleton ; though the truth Was , that the noble lord had more good sense in his little finger than the now chancellor of the exchequer had in his whole body ; and that was not saying much . However , the noble lord was got out of office ; and then nothing was heard but the cry of the transcendent merits of Mr. Pitt . Round went the friends of the right hon . gent , about every where , and told the people that he would bring in his Defence bill , which was to correct every abuse , remedy every grievance , and meliorate the whole system of our military force . But , lo ! the mountain was in labour , and brought forth this brat of a Defence bill , now in every body 's hand . That noisy labour had brought forth only such a rickety subject as would have been disavowed by any one less subject to shame than his majesty 's present chancellor of the exchequer ! One material objection he had to our military system as it now subsists , was , that we recruited our men for life . To remedy this single grievance , it was incumbent on the house to agree to the motion for a committee , which had been submitted by his noble friend . The book of lieut . col. Wilson on . this subject , was worthy the perusal of their lordships . As a military enquiry , this book , his lordship thought , possessed incomparable merit . But it was in the power of their lordships to devise arguments superior to what could occur to common minds ; thus , books by individuals could only be helps to them . Such were , however , good helps . Under all the circumstances of the times , and knowing that there never was a worse bill than the