valu 727 able.—While , sir , I thus admire the noble institution of the volunteer system , I must also own that I am not a friend to any very material diminution of the militia force . I am sure that the principle of that force is a sound one , and I know that it is popular among all ranks . It is one to which the opinions , and feelings , and habits of the people , have been long accustomed , I do not see that there is any very serious evil in having a force consisting of some variety of descriptions . I must own that I dislike putting our trust altogether in an army raised on the principle of hire . No country of which history speaks has ever maintained long her honour , her prosperity , and her liberty , by trusting merely to an army consisting wholly of hired soldiers.—Still , however , I expect to be told , Chat by bringing forward such a motion as this , I am degrading the country . But I say , I am only shewing the failure of a boasted experiment . I say , it has completely failed . What was the promise of the right hon . gent. ? 'What my predecessors could not do , I will perform . They were unworthy of being trusted . Give me your perfect confidence . ' They must be hurled from their places as persons of imbecility and total inability , though they had seen in their time some accession to the national force . They saw almost a million and a half of men in arms , they saw the country half-martial throughout its population ; yet so wretched and imbecile and insignificant were they , that they could not , in the estimation of the right hon gent , go on any longer . 'Let me come , ' says the right hon . gent . 'Clear away all the rubbish . I will come , and set every thing to rights . ' Well , sir , I comes : and when I comes , what does I do ? Why I does nothing half so good , nor half so vigorous , as the much-abused and stupid ministers that were turned out to make way for him . Why , now sir , I wish to expose to the country the nature of the imposture . Has not the country been imposed upon ? Is not the effect of this defence bill a proof of the imposition practised upon it ? Are these new ministers worthy of the places they have contrived to push themselves into by the changes that have been made ? But then they all cry out , ' O ! it is dangerous and shocking to tell the country that , the bill has failed ! It may damp public spirit and depress the national energies . Let us conceal it , let us keep it quiet , let us keep it snug amongst ourselves ! ' To say that they who dispossessed another 728 set of ministers of their places for alledged incapacity , and brought in a bill on which to found their claims to pre-eminence , had found their bill ineffectual , and even worse on the . comparison ; to say that the great man 's measure has failed , and that a bill to raise men has been converted into a mere bill to raise money by the most objectionable means , has been converted into a most odious tax bill ; why that , it seems , would be to dispirit and destroy the patriotism and energy of the nation , it would ruin the necessary confidence in the government of the country . The country has often heard of flourishing statements of the numbers of the regular army to a great amount , though it has turned out to be only a statement on paper ; but the delusion in the present instance will not do . Any , attempt to make it succeed , must be as absurd and