ground for the delay on the promotion of any measure . The time required in the opinion of the right hon . gent , to deliberate upon the propositions he had felt it his duty to recommend , was attainable in his judgment , with out proposing the alteration the right hon . gent , alluded to , 709 There was no necessity to hurry the bill through the house . This was only the 5th of the month , and there was yet time enough to pass it even should the right hon . gent . consent to postpone the third reading until some day next week . For himself , he must say , that he felt he was at present rather awkwardly circumstanced . He had declined to prepare the clauses he wished to introduce into the bill , relying that the right hon . gent , would bring them forward . The right hon . gent . would , however , he trusted , agree to postpone his motion ; particularly as no inconvenience could result from such postponement . He also trusted that the right hon . gent . would not withhold his assistance from him in drawing up the necessary clauses ; further , that the right hon . gent , would manfully maintain his declared opinion , and second his endeavours to promote the adoption of those clauses . thought the principle of the propositions recommended by the hon . officer ought to be carried farther , and that the degrees of punishment to be inflicted by regimental courts martial ought to be limited . The number of members on such courts martial ought , in his opinion , to be in no case less than 7 , unless where a field officer presided , and , in such case , not less than 5 . This was a regulation , which appeared to him highly necessary , but he particularly enforced the propriety of prohibiting the sentences of regimental courts martial from inflicting beyond a certain degree of punishment , not more than 2 or 300 lashes . expressed his readiness to assist the right hon . officer in drawing up the clauses wish respect to the propositions he mentioned , and in which he perfectly concurred . He also assented to his wish for postponing the motion , and should therefore move the third reading on Monday next . cordially approved the propositions of the right hon . officer , and thought that no officer should be admitted a member of any court martial who was under 21 years of age . This alteration would , he was persuaded , be very grateful to the feelings and conducive to the interests of the army.—The order for the third reading of the bill was postponed till Monday . rose , not , he said to-repeat the general arguments on this measure , which the house had heard so forcibly urged yesterday , but to call the attention of gentlemen to the operation of the salt tax in Scotland . When this tax was imposed in 1795 , it was reduced in Scotland from 6s . 6d . to 4s . per bushel . This reduction took place in consequence of a consideration of the peculiar circumstances of the people of that country . Now , he wished to understand how it was proposed to draw the additional tax contained in this bill from a country so circumstanced . If in 1795 it was incapable of paying more than 4s . per bushel , why was it now deemed capable of affording 9s. ? Considering , indeed , the situation of Scotland fully and fairly , it was his opinion that it . would be much wiser to remit the salt duty in that country altogether . That duty produced but 47,0001. per annum , and there was a bounty allowed from the excise amounting to 29,000l . which , with a considerable ; bounty from the customs , exceeded the produce of the tax . For these reasons , he submitted , that a repeal of the duty as to Scotland would