was embarrassed how to form a judgment on the supplies of the year without having the accounts of the preceding year before him , of which the house were in possession of only a part . On looking at the disposition paper , an alarming fact struck him : the surplus of the Consolidated Fund had been estimated as likely to amount , by the 5th of April , to 5 millions ; now it appeared 521 that on the 14th of Feb. it was onlyl 1,200,000l . so that , on making the proper calculation for the time that was yet to elapse , there would be a deficiency of 8,600,000l . On another circumstance he wished for explanation , which was with regard to outstanding exchequer bills . They were stated at 12 millions ; and those outstanding on the 14th Feb. 8 millions . It was not probable so much could be paid in this time . said , the remaining accounts which the hon . gent . had expressed his desire to see , should be laid on the table as soon as possible . With respect to the surplus of the Consolidated Fund , though certainly some deficiency did exist , yet he did not believe it wm any thing near so much as apprehended by the hon . gent . some duties which were yet to be paid from the East India Company would reduce it ; and besides , he was not sure that the calculation which the hon . gent . founded on the surplus of the fund being , on the 14th of Feb. but 1,200,000l . was not erroneous , as it was likely that that was its amount on the 5th of Jan. With regard to the other part of the hon . gent . 's inquiry , he informed him , that it was intended to issue Exchequer bills , to replace those of last year , to the amount of 6,500,000l.—After some further conversation between Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Johnstone , accounts were ordered to be laid before the house of Exchequer bills outstanding on the 14th of Feb. 1805 , that were charged on any of the supplies of the year 1804 , distinguishing the acts under which they were issued . expressed his opinion , that after the close investigation which this subject had undergone last session , and after the sense of the house upon it had been so decidedly taken , it was not necessary to trespass much upon their patience at present , reserving to himself the right of reply , if any objection should unexpectedly be started ; he therefore moved , that the house do now resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill for the abolition of the Slave Trade , in a time to be limited . was at a loss to know whether the hon . gent . meant to introduce a bill , exactly similar to that of last session . He might perhaps rind , that the circumstances of the times had induced many of the members to change their opinion on the subject since that period . said , he would oppose , in every stage of it , a measure , the very agitation of which , had been productive of irreparable mischief . The hon . gent . seemed to wish to avail himself of the success of his bill in that house in the last session , as a kind of precedent which ought to be followed , and to have it in contemplation to push the affair forward with a rapidity which its importance would not warrant . He called on gentlemen to give the subject complete consideration , to examine all the documents relative to it with the most serious attention , and not to forget that in their decision was implicated a very material branch of the commerce of the country , to which our power in general , and more particularly our naval power , was to be attributed . said , that so far from