that the exertions of gentlemen , parochial officers , and local zeal , would produce effects as important as local activity . These were the grounds on which . I originally presented the measure , and on the same ground I continue of opinion that it is in the train of accomplishing all that was expected from it . But , I never did give the house reason to think that I 755 expected any rapid or immediate augmentation of our regular force from its operation . I did state that the bill would give us a strong chance for encreasing our regular army in addition to those which previously existed . I did state that the bill would not have the effect of interfering with any of our existing modes of recruiting the regular army , or of preventing the adoption of any other suggestions which gentlemen might feel it their duty to bring forward on this most important subject . But on the subject of a great additional force alluded to by the hon . gent . I must beg leave also to make a single observation . I thought I had on a former occasion sufficiently expressed my opinion as to what appeared to me the quantum of force which I thought necessary to our national security . I did on a former occasion distinctly declare my conviction that we had already in point of quantum of force nearly as great a number as the circumstances of the empire required , and I added , that what we then wanted was a disposable force . How far we have or have not got this disposable force will presently come to be a matter of consideration . But , sir , to shew the house clearly that no very great addition to the military force of the country was meant suddenly to be obtained by the bill , let me only call on gentlemen to look to the bill itself ; they will there find that in the first instance only 9000 men were to be raised for G. Britain . How different is this from the representation given by the hon . gent , in the course of his speech . From the observations of the hon . gent . I am strongly inclined to think that he has not given himself the trouble of consulting more than the outside of the bill , for if he had at all considered it with the least care , he never could have supposed that I meant the bill : in the course of one year to raise the enormous number of 85,000 men . In the first instance , there was only a deficiency of 9000 men to be made up , and the bill was to operate in producing a permanent force ; in a gradual way , and could not be expected to produce its full effect in less than three , four , or even six or seven years . I have attempted to shew the house on the simplest principles , that the bill may be fairly expected to produce an annual addition of 9 or 10,000 men to our regular force , and that this effect has already been produced under a complication of the most unfavourable circumstances . I confess , seeing what the bill has already done , and 756 looking to what it is capable of effecting , I anticipate from it the most important and happy results . I am really , sir , astonished at the language of the hon . gent , and those who join him in support of the repeal . I confess it has never been my fortune within the walls of this house , to hear any proposition so arrogantly and so vehemently brought forward , which had so little even of the appearance of argument to uphold it . The principal object of the bill was in the first instance to do away an evil which had become the subject of general complaint . Has it not produced this effect ? Has it not relieved the counties from excessive burdens ? Has