the petty officers of the Romney , when she was discharged to other ships ; 10 , an account of the time when Bartholomew was apprehended in 1803 ; of the R 's placed opposite the name of Bartholomew , and the orders sent from the admiralty for cancelling those R 's , with the conditions , & c. objected to the word `` apprehended . '' He thought it was too hurtful to the feelings , and should therefore prefer `` taken up , '' or any other expression . contended , that as Bartholomew never was discharged from the service at the time he left it , he could not be considered as a man impressed . He therefore must be of opinion that `` apprehended '' was the most proper word to be made use of in this instance . The orders sent to sir Home Popham were to turn over all the officers of the Romney . Why he did not do so remained for him to shew . said , he had no wish to make use of any word that might be unnecessarily hurtful to the feelings of any person ; but the whole of the enquiry might be objected to on much the same grounds . said , that some circumstances relating to Mr. Bartholomew , made part of the defence , of sir Home Popham before the admiralty and that house . observed , with respect to the objection to the word he had used , that Bartholomew did actually belong to the navy at the time he had absented himself from service ; that notwithstanding the order to sir Home Popham , he was on shore , and on this being heard and considered , the lieutenant of the press-gang took him , and carried him back to the service to which he belonged . said , there could be no doubt of the fact , that Bartholomew was taken by the press-gang . Would it not therefore be the better way to use those words in describing a fact which came the nearest to the transaction itself ? Why not say , `` taken by a press-gang and carried to the Nore '' . said , that he had , no 637 doubt , received an order to turn over his whole crew ; but yet that he permitted the other midshipmen , as well as Mr. Bartholomew , to go home to their friends ; and that many of them had since returned to the naval service , while others had gone into the army . He mentioned this fact , in order to shew that he shewed no particular partiality to Mr. Bartholomew , in anticipation of his name being brought before that house , which was a thing of which he at that time did not dream . In discharging Mr. Bartholomew and the other midshipmen , he had to observe , that he consulted the commissioner of the pay-office , to whose judgment it was the custom of naval officers to appeal upon paying off a ship . The hon . officer , with reference to the word `` apprehended , '' remarked , that it could only be applicable in the case of Mr. Bartholomew being a deserter . That that gentleman was not so considered , either before or since his being impressed , he thought it unnecessary to say more than this , that previous to his being impressed , Mr. Bartholomew corresponded with lord St. Vincent , and if he had been deemed a deserter , it was fair to presume , that his letter would not have been answered by the admiralty , and after Mr. Bartholomew 's being impressed , he was taken on board the Zealand , from which he was transferred to the Inflexible . No proceedings had ever been taken with respect to this gentleman , and he was now a lieutenant on board the Inflexible . This ship , it was known , was under the command of a friend and relation of lord St. Vincent ; and he would put it to the house ,