became a necessary amendment . The present bill coo stood , as now amended , in the original copy , and the error was merely an omission by the ingrossing clerk . —The amendment was agreed to , and a message sent to the lords to acquaint their lordships thereof . rose , in consequence of the notice be had given on a former day , to bring forward his intended proposition with respect to the the loyalty loan . The regular course of the house , he was aware , would be to bring this subject forward in a committee of ways and means ; but from the nature of his proposition on this occasion , he thought it would be better to bring it forward in a committee of the whole house , which he now gave notice he should do to-morrow . While he was on his legs , however , it would be as well to give the house some intimation as to the present state of that business . He had , therefore , to inform them , that out of the 22 millions outstanding of that loan , oh the close of the last session of parliament , the holders of 13 millions had subscribed1 to the terms then proposed ; and of the remaining sum , the holders of 4½ millions 289 only signified their wishes to be paid off . For this sum , therefore , provision was to be made , and he proposed to effect it by one of two modes , viz . either by debentures , bearing an interest at 3½ percent , with a bonus of 1¼ for each hundred , or by debentures at 3 per cent , with a bonus of If per hundred . But of which of those two modes , or of any other more eligible , the house would judge when the proposition should come regularly before them . laid on the table some farther papers respecting the negotiation with Spain , copies of which he stated were ready to be distributed to the members . expressed a hope that as this formed the fourth volume of papers on this subject , and as they were so voluminous as to require much time for examination and comparison , the right hon . gent . would have no objection to postpone the discussion until Monday next . If the right hon . gent , consented to this necessary delay , the noble lord mentioned that his right hon . friend , ( Mr. Windham , ) whose motion stood for that day , was willing to give way , and postpone his motion to some future day . said , that although it would afford him more satisfaction to have this important matter discussed on Friday , yet with the view stated by the noble lord , be should agree to postpone it till Monday next , fully persuaded that the more the papers on the table were examined , the more the proceedings of his maj. 's govt . were likely to meet the unanimous approbation of that house and the country . He wished , however , to be understood , that as it was highly desirable to have the sense of the house expressed as soon as possible upon this subject , the postponement to Monday would be final . —The following are correct copies of the additional papers relative to the war with Spain , presented by the right hon . gent . viz . moved the order of the day , for a committee of the whole house on the loyalty loan act . The house having resolved into the committee , the hon . gent , informed the committee , that as his right hon . friend , ( the Chanc . of the Excheq . ) had yesterday stated to the house the plan he proposed to follow with respect to this object , it would be unnecessary for him to take up the time of the committee . He should therefore content himself barely with moving the resolutions . The 1st resolution provided ,