that such of those holders of loyalty loan as had given , notice on or previous to Oct. 10 , 1804 , that they wished to be paid off 308 on the 5th of April , 1805 , should , by giving notice to that effect previous to the 10th of March , 1805 , be entitled on the 5th of April , for every 100l . debenture , to such a proportion of the 5 per cents ; as ' should be equal to 100l . with a bonus of 1½ per cent , on every 100l . or such a proportion of the 3 per cents , as should be equal to 100l . with a bonus of ¾ per cent . which bonus , in the former case , would amount to 1l . 9s . per 100l . and in the latter to 17s . per 100l . the price of the respective funds to be struck by the directors of the bank of England , on an average of the 10 days of sale preceding the 26th Feb. 1805 . The second gave power to the lords of the treasury to contract for a loan to the amount of that part of the loyalty loan which might not be subscribed under the foregoing terms.—The resolutions were agreed to ; and on the house being resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Adjourned . in consequence of the determination of the Court of King 's Bench in Ireland , on the construction of the act passed in the last session , for the more easy trial of offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to another , in which determination the construction had been established by the opinion of two judges against that of one ; in consequence also of the great agitation that had arisen in Ireland , on this determination , and assured of the concurrence of the gentlemen of the Irish bar , who , if they did not concur with him , would have abandoned all that independence of judgment , and all those sound principles of law and reason of which they had ever been so honourably tenacious , felt it his duty to call the attention of the house to the provisions of the act in question , which so flagrantly called for amendment in the point he alluded to . He should have felt it his duty to give notice of a particular motion on this head , if he did not think the amendment would come better from the quarter in which the act had originated . He trusted the hon . and learned author of the act would offer such amendment as would be best calcu- 310 lated to preserve the spirit of the act , and at the same time to remove every thing that could give rise to such unjust construction . had no difficulty in allowing that the act required amendment in some points . At the same time he doubted , whether the amendments he thought it required were the same that were wished for by the learned gent . for he knew of no amendments that were rendered necessary by the proceedings in that court , nor did he think it right , in the present state of those proceedings , to prejudice the discussion of the case now before the courts , by a parliamentary declaration of the sense of the house upon the construction of the act . said , that according to his view of the justice of the case , the person taken up should be at liberty to give bail where the arrest took place , for his appearance where the offence was committed . It could never have been the intention of the framer of the act , that a person arrested in Ireland , for a bailable offence committed in England , should be brought to the place where the offence was committed without being allowed to give bail ; or , that a person arrested in England for an offence committed in Ireland , should be conveyed to that country