would involve , and of which , he trusted , the common sense of their lordships would be sufficiently aware . supported the observations of the noble secretary . The disclosures alluded to might be of a most destructive tendency . His lordship alluded to some cases , as a correspondence with the enemy , in which a disclosure would be not only impolitic , but dangerous ; and he adverted to the case of Oliver Bond , the remission of whose punishment might , in . a certain point of view , be said to have saved Ireland . The state of Ireland was in general good ; yet , he thought the suspension of the habeas corpus act in that country , with a reference to certain circumstances , a prudent and politic measure . said , that no person connected with govt . had stated any possible mischief that could arise from his motion , and he certainly saw none . observed , that he filled the office of attorney general when the habeas corpus act was first suspended , and , though fully convinced as he was of the beneficial tendency of that suspension , yet , if such a disclosure as that now requested had been made , he should have thought it his duty , as speedily after as possible , to have moved for the repeal of the suspension . It would be better tolet the present bill expire , than to agree to such a condition as that proposed . He agreed with his noble friend as to the effects of the qualification of the original motion , and with the noble lord who had come forward , from his experience of the transactions alluded to , that there could be no degree of safety , nor could the beneficial effects of the suspension be expected , if such a condition was attached to it.—The question was put , and the motion was negatived without a division . then moved the second reading of the Irish habeas corpus suspension bill , which was accordingly read a second time . His lordship then , pursuant 583 to his notice of Tuesday night , moved the order of the day for the consideration of the standing orders , No . 26 and 155 , with a view to the suspension of the same , as fax as related to the Irish habeas corpus suspension bill . Before the question on this motion was put , his lordship stated , that , under the special circumstances of the case , he should have to propose that the bill be forthwith committed . He trusted the house would immediately concur in the obvious expediency of such a proceeding , and perceive , from a glance at the preamble of the bill , that no delay in the progress of the measure should take place . As to the necessity for continuing the suspension , he presumed to think that little need be said . Though he could assure the house , that at no period was the north of Ireland more tranquil or more loyal than at present , yet he was sorry that he could not say the same of every part of that country . The reasons for the suspension were notorious . It was perfectly known that there were not merely committees of Irishmen in France , but corps embodied , and in the pay of the enemy ; that they held correspondence with disaffected persons in Ireland . And therefore he thought that if grounds had subsisted for suspending this glorious act , no less than nine times , in the course of the last war , much greater subsisted now . He concluded with moving to discharge the standing order . took notice of the expression , that the north of Ireland only was loyal . He believed that every part of the country was loyal ; taken in the mass , it was in a most perfect State of tranquillity ; though he was ready to own that emissaries might be at work to sow disaffection , and that this