, because I have a personal interest in the failure of the measure . I Confess , indeed , that I have such an interest , but I am not on this account in a singular situation , nor is it unusual on other questions for members to take apart in discussions where they themselves are particularly concerned , and to have their opinions canvassed with attention . In almost every public measure , some are more concerned than others . But so far are their opinions from being treated with neglect , that they are justly considered as entitled to a fairer scrutiny than those of others , who in the nature of things can not be supposed to be so well acquainted with the subject . This , sir , ought to be the case in the present instance . Though I am personally concerned , yet my experience entitles me to speak with more confidence than those who can not be supposed to be so well informed on this particular question . The government of a country has not a right to deal partially and unjustly by a single individual . This , is a principle that has been recognised , and an attention to private justice has often prevented public wrong . If this , sir , be correct , I trust there is no reason why I should not be heard with attention , and have my opinions considered with the same degreee of candour and impartiality , as has been shewn to other persons in similar situations . That a great part of the members of this house have not been present during the discussions of last year has been said already . But the Irish members who have not sat long in this house , have not had an opportunity of attending to the discussions on this question from the beginning . It may not , therefore , be altogether unnecessary . What are we doing in this case ? Are we doing justice to those , who are more immediately concerned in the business ? It is in vain for you to think of abolishing the 649 trade . This you can not do . Transports will pass from island to island , and the trade must be carried on by foreigners , if not by us . It is in vain , therefore , to say , that in this respect , even the negroes themselves can be much benefitted . On the contrary , they may be much injured . But there is another argument which has been used by the hon . gent . He has often adverted to the desolate state of the coasts of Africa compared with the interior of that country . The population of the coast , he has said , is almost ruined , while that of the interior is in the most flourishing condition . On that subject , our means of knowledge are very confined . I , therefore , can know but very little about it . But all , however , that I do know , is from Mungo Park . What does he say ? He says that the very reverse is the fact of the case . When he and his companions penetrated into Africa , they found that a general system of war was carried on in the interior . This was exemplified in the case of the war between Abdulkader , king of Foota Zorra , and Famel , king of the Jalofs . The former sent a messenger to the latter , requiring him to embrace the Mahomedan faith . He presented two knives as the emblem of his mission : `` with this knife , ( said he ) Abdulkader will condescend to shave the head of Famel if he will condescend to embrace the Mahomedan faith , and with this other knife he will cut the throat of Famel , if he does not embrace it ; —take your choice . '' Famel , however , chose neither to have his head shaved , nor his throat cut , and a war was