the conduct of his maj. 's ministers , and he thought they would have been guilty of a breach of the trust reposed in them if they had acted otherwise . then rose . He began by observing , that it was the less necessary for him to occupy much of their attention , since the arguments urged by his hon . friend who moved the amendment remained completely unanswered ; and the hon . and learned gent , who had just sat down had not at all succeeded in overthrowing the doctrine laid down in the speech of his hon . and learned friend near him ( Dr. Laurence ) ; a speech not only replete with good sense , but what was not less valuable , with the most enlightened and liberal maxims of policy . But what still further superseded the necessity of his going into any length of discussion was , that the hon . and learned gent , had not , in the course of his reasoning , attempted to uphold the distinction betwixt a suspension of hostilities and a system of neutrality , by which we were to be placed in a more favourable situation , and enabled to take whatever advantage we thought proper , whenever a convenient opportunity offered itself . He confessed that the language he had heard on this subject from the right hon . gent . who opened the discussion , and other gent . on the same side , struck him with astonishment . It was neither more nor less than the language of gross fraud . When he heard the right of putting an end to neutrality asserted , just at that period when we could take the greatest advantage of the state with which the neutrality previously existed , he could not help considering it as altogether monstrous . He was happy to find that the hon . and learned gent , had not attempted to support such a doctrine as this , that we should be justified in entering into an implied agreement with another power , by which that power conceived itself safe from attack , merely with the purpose of renewing hostilities , at the moment when they were least expected . He was glad to find , at the same time , that the learned gent . was not disposed to deny the existence of that agreement which some other gent , seemed so anxious either to deny altogether , or to misrepresent its nature and 449 extent . He hoped the house would hear no more of the idea of appearing to acquiesce in an arrangement , and afterwards disclaiming its existence , when some sinister or criminal purpose was to be promoted . He had read in an ancient tragedy of one of the characters expressing a wish to Jupiter , that , for the purpose of preventing the effects of deceit , man had been provided with two voices , the one for the utterance of truth , and the other for the utterance of falshood . It had not , indeed , pleased the governor of the world to form such an arrangement , but if there was not an actual difference of voice , there was an eternal difference of language , and if there was any dictionary for this language it would be important to have it understood , that 'to pass over ' was not 'to acquiesce in ; ' that to wave the exercise of a right was merely to wait for the convenient moment to employ it with greater effect . If he had understood the hon . and learned gent . he confined his grounds of the war chiefly to two circumstances . The first of these he had styled the remote cause , and the armaments in the Spanish ports he had described as the proximate cause of the renewal of hostilities . With respect to the remote cause of the war , he had no difficulty in saying , that if the treaty of Ildefonso was an offensive treaty , and he had also as little hesitation in adding ,