the malt in 1803 , amounting to 320,000l . : there is also a further sum to be added , to complete the payment of claims from America , amounting to 4l4,000l . In addition to this , there is to be added the deficiency of the sum voted last year on the growing surplus of the consolidated fund . That surplus was taken at 5 millions , but it appears that there was a considerable diminution of revenue in some articles . But , sir , when the committee consider the average produce of the revenue for the last 3 years , they will see that the diminution is of a temporary nature , and by no means so -discouraging as it may appear at first . It seems , sir , that the calculation of the growing produce of the consolidated fund last year , was made upon the former year , a year of almost unexampled produce ; the diminution therefore , will appear to be greater on that account . The deficiency amounts on the whole to the sum of 2,80O,000l . making the amount of these separate charges which I have enumerated , 4,534,000l . which , added to the former sum of 39,156l , 419l . makes a grand total of supply for England alone of 43,690,419l : But for 546 the convenience of gentlemen I will enumerate the different heads of —It is not my intention , sir , long to detain the committee on the present occasion ; but as the right hon . gent . has dwelt on the state of the continent in terms which , if I remained silent , might appear to be unexceptionable , I will trouble the house with a few observations . As far as the general sentiment of the state of the continent reaches , it has my hearty assent ; but if it should be sought to pledge us by any thing which has transpired this night , as to the time when aid ought to be given to the continental powers , or any opinion as to continental alliances , in the , existing situation of this country and Europe , and considering too , the difficulty of forming any such , which the right hon . gent , himself has not disguised from usin his speech , I should , sir , for one , and I rather think the committee would be inclined to differ with the right hon . gent . In the mode of bringing this subject forward , which is of a nature unconstitutional , there is a palpable irregularity . Heretofore , every matter of vote was previously brought forward in a committee of supply , whereas , in this instance , it is first agitated in a committee of ways and means . The committee of supply is , however , the only regular place fur such a business : for the house ought , first of all , regularly to decide in a committee on the propriety of the vote , its amount , the time of granting the supply , and all the other preliminary circumstances , of the transaction . And if there was no reason for extraordinary dispatch , all this might as well have happened on the present occasion . From the course that has been taken , we might be supposed to agree to the propriety of the sum ; and not even to object to an almost immediate appropria- 553 tion . As the vote stands , the house might seem pledged to the grant . The 'right hon . gent , might , accordingly , on any future day , tell the house that there could be no material objection to provide for the sum ; yet , most probably , we should see occasion- to object not only to the lime and manner , but also to the quantum employed . Undoubtedly , sir , I can believe that the right hon . gent . has no intention to jock up the judgment of the committee , I dare say he meant the question of the