their lordships would agree with him in opinion that it ought to be continued at least till it had had a fair trial.—The noble lord then , in allusion to some extraneous remarks on the part of noble peer , who had wandered out of his way to revive jealousies and suspicions , and to inflame party differences and temporary animosities , challenged the noble peer to produce one instance in which he could prove that either he or his colleagues in office had altered their principles . He denied any dereliction of principle whatever . There were some changes of an extraordinary nature indeed . Some of those with whom he and his colleagues had formerly the satisfaction and happiness of acting , had abandoned their principles , at least they had united with men who had uniformly avowed principles of a different nature from those that had been entertained and acted upon by them . He thought that the noble earl should have been more careful in the style which he had adopted . It was a dangerous expedient to censure others , and to sacrifice principle , for an ill-timed spleen or caprice . The noble lord said , that he had also always maintained , that the late administration was weak and inefficient , and he had no hesitation in still maintaining the same declaration . He had discharged his duty by the part which he had acted ; and he was fully persuaded , that his illustrious friend , the present Chancellor of the Exchequer , had also acted upon the best and most honourable principles . These observations , he said , were extorted from him by the improper charges against himself , against his right honourable friend , and against those with whom he had the honour of co-operating for the good of the country . No men were free from faults . He and his colleagues in office had , at this time , been unfairly dealt with ; they had been wantonly attacked and bitterly aspersed by those who were under the influence of wrong or mistaken motives . As there was not any argument urged against the present act which might not have been 504 with equal propriety advanced against any-other measure for the military defence of the country ; and , as there had not been sufficient experience of the extent of the operation of the bill to authorise him conscientiously to say that it had not had the effect intended by the framers of that bill , he felt it a duty incumbent on him to support the law as it now stood , and vote against the motion of the noble lord who had opened the debate . observed , that the contradictory language and conduct of a noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) and his noble friend who had just sat down , had already been most perspicuously pointed out by a noble friend of his in the course of the debate , if that were material to shew the inconsistent grounds upon which those noble lords thought proper to resist the motion before the house . But for himself , he declined to dwell upon such inconsistencies . He never was fond to argue public measures upon references to the character or motives of any individuals who might oppose or second such measures . With respect to the motives of his noble friend ( Mulgrave ) , he had no doubt that he was satisfied of the rectitude of the motives which actuated his conduct , and so no doubt was the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) also , although the ground he stated for the vote he announced his intention of giving upon this question was rather singular , and one of which he never could persuade himself to approve . He could not say with the noble viscount , that although he , always disapproved of the bill , he should still agree to let it go on , and for what purpose ? Why , that if ft failed of its military object , the penalties should be enforced , which penalties ,