member within doors , and least of all by my right hon . friend himself . I profess the highest admiration of his talents , but I declare I never saw him so labour and flounder upon any subject before . He seemed to be struggling against wind and tide , clapping up a bit of sail to catch every little puff of applause from behind him ; and sometimes compelled to take to his sweeps . He was obliged to make his speech noisy , because he knew he could not make it convincing , and he uniformly raised his voice in proportion as he dropped his argument ; No man , I am sure , felt the disadvantage of the cause he was labouring more than he did himself : It was a speech of the Catamaran species , plenty of noise and little mischief ; I mean mischief to those it was intended to annoy , but what damage it may have done to those it was intended to support , is more than I can pretend to say.—Having endeavoured so far to stand ' right with the house in the view I have taken of the state of the last debate , am I to be considered presumptous in following Up the motion 726 of my right hon . friend , by another motion to repeal the defence act , in which it is my intention chiefly to confine myself to the military part of it , and to the object I wish to press upon the house , of shewing the inefficiency of the measure , and the absolute necessity of repealing it altogether . If any persons expect any sport or diversion from any difference of sentiment or contradiction between me and other gentlemen who may side with me to-night , they will , I believe , be disappointed . In truth , the difference between me and those gentlemen is by no means so wide as has been represented on this subject . Where I differ from them , I am , not disposed to conceal my opinions ; I shall ever be ready to state them openly and frankly . I have thought , and I do still think , most highly of the institution of the volunteer system . I think that system has been most useful and admirable . I am convinced , from authorities which I can not for a moment dispute , that it has had a very powerful effect on the minds of our avowed and inveterate enemy . I believe that its success in this country struck a considerable panic into the mind of our enemy . What the conviction of the new emperor of France , what the opinion of Bonaparte may be , I can not exactly tell , but I am sure it must have had some effect upon him . I am convinced that nothing more strongly impressed his minister for foreign affairs , Talleyrand , and the people of any consideration in general in France , than that this banking , luxurious , mercantile people , were not contented with lolling on the couch of indolence , and trusting to others to fight their battles ; that they were not contented with putting their hands in their pockets , in order to raise an army of mercenaries to protect them , but that they trusted to themselves , and their own energy and spirit ; that whether they had skill or not , they had the courage and the disposition to defend the country . If you call on government to have an army , be it of what amount it may , your enemy knows its full extent , and the means of meeting that army may be matte the subject of calculation ; but when a nation has shewn such a spirit as this has , no enemy can calculate what it may produce . No one can say where the exertions of a nation will stop , when roused into action by an honourable determination and will to defend to the last every thing that is dear and