their weakness , and their pusillanimity ? I believe they would have been universally and deservedly condemned , not only at home , but in every quarter of Europe and the world , where honourable , sound , and patriotic principles have still any influence on the views , wishes , and sentiments of mankind . I can not believe that any man in this nation , would ever have thought otherwise , than with horror and detestation of the continuance of forbearance in such a posture of affairs ; but if , contrary to my belief , there were majorities to applaud forbearance , I declare to you , sir , and to this house , that there is no censure which I should not be proud to receive , rather than the praise of men , who could applaud such forbearance , or could even praise hesitation at a moment , such as that of the receipt in this country of the decisive , and positive , and most unequivocal intelligence from admiral Cochrane , of the armaments in the ports of Spain . Men might argue , however , that the intelligence itself was not of such a nature , as that a wise and reflective govt . ought to have adopted it , so as to determine them to take measures of precaution , indicative of ultimate war . I know the intelligence has been questioned ; but I do also know , that it has been questioned without cause . All the circumstances that have come within my knowledge , only confirm the truth and accuracy of that intelligence , beyond the possibility of doubt . The single thing against it , to which weight is attached , is that of the circumstance of apiece of news , given by M. ဟAnduaga , in one of his notes , the last indeed to the British govt . M. ဟAnduaga , when first he received the intelligence of the seizure of the frigates of his nation , addressed a note to the secretary of state for foreign affairs , in which he states , that a colonel of the regiment of Hibernia , had received letters from some officers of his regiment at Ferrol , stating , that the armament preparing in that harbour , of which his regiment was part , was destined to go against the insurgents in Biscay . I do not know 380 what gentlemen think of such information , I will not disparage the authors of it ; but most certainly I am of opinion that information from a British admiral is higher authority than the information from the Hibernian colonel . As to the assemblage and arming at Ferrol , it is more probable * however , that they were originally intended for a. secret expedition of some sort , but that '' when it became known that . Biscay was in a disturbed state , as the troops could not be spared for a secret expedition , they were ordered to be landed , and received a destination altogether remote from that which was assigned them under the plan which had led to their assemblage . If it was otherwise , it never occured to the governor of Gallicia to tell admiral Cochrane , when this officer wrote to him for explanation , that the armament at Ferrol was destined to act against the Biscayans . The evidence of the governor of Gallicia , set against that of the correspondent of the Hibernian colonel , would surely weigh somewhat in the minds of gentlemen . If the information of the colonel had any effect at all , it must have been on the English newspapers , or on some persons out of the govt . On this subject , the evidence of the governor of Gallicia is conclusive . This person , in answer to the first letter of admiral Cochrane , demanding explanations of the armaments in the ports of Ferrol , replies that it was an arming of some vessels for a secret expedition , and not that it was an expedition destined against the insurgents of