. friend stated manfully , that the character of any man , however pure , could form no reason in his mind to invest that man with arbitrary power . This is exactly my opinion . But the right hon . gent . says , that he only alluded to the character of lord Hardwicke , as an argument against the abuse of the power which this act is meant to estab- 330 lish , but as not at all applicable to the merits of the measure . This is to me a very nice and very unintelligible distinction ; for the strongest reason in favour of any grant of power is , that it is , not liable to abuse . Therefore , when the right hon . gent . asserts so much with regard to the disposition and character of Lord Hardwicke , he is strongly recommending this measure ; but yet his panegyric upon that noble lord , were it ever so well founded , would have no influence on my mind in favour of this proposition . I know there are certain theorists who hold the maxim , that the most uncontrouled authority may be granted without danger to an honest , able man ; nay that an absolute monarchy is the best system of government , if the monarch were possessed of all the virtues and talents of which man is capable , but I am not one of those theorists . Let the disposition of a man be what it may , I will not consent to invest him with extraordinary , unconstitutional powers , for this plain reason , that it is subject to abuse . The virtue of a man is therefore , no argument with me in favour of such grants ; because I learn from the history of mankind , because particularly the history of the constitution , and my own experience , forbid such grants , I am impelled to dread the abuse of power to whomsoever it may be given . These are my reasons for not allowing any weight to the argument , drawn from the character of lord Hardwicke . Into that character itself I will not now enter . I have reasons which form stronger grounds of complaint against that noble lord in my mind , than perhaps they would form in the minds of others . I shall not now mention them . It is enough with me to justify the vote I mean to give against the measure under consideration , that I will not intrust such power to any man . If character were a sufficient reason to justify the constitution of such a power , that reason a minister could always find among the nobility of this country . If lord Hardwicke did not answer , another and another nobleman of unexceptionable character could be immediately found to fill his place . I can not , therefore , listen to such reasoning . My objection is , to grant the power proposed to the office , not to the man.—As the right hon . gent . has not hinted when the measure before the house is likely to cease , I suppose , from some observations of his , that it is his intention that it shall continue during the present 331 war , and nothing more likely that he may propose to extend it to this country . if he pleases to do so , he can adduce reasons quite as strong as he has offered in support of the motion of the hon . bart . ; and why should it be presumed that the right hon . gent . is not as fond of enjoying extraordinary power himself in this country , as of granting it to any Lord Lieutenant ? Ireland being now admitted by all to be in a general state of tranquillity , I can not conceive what change in her situation can take place that is likely to induce the right hon . gent . to put an end to this odious measure . If , although Ireland be tranquil , the existence of