all letters from Sir T. Duckworth , respecting the conduct observed by the Spanish governor at Cuba , relative to the sale of British prizes since the commencement of the war with France ; and accounts of all supplies of stores and provisions furnished by Spain to the squadrons under the command of Sir E. Pellew , and Adm . Cochrane . `` —On the first motion being put , rose . He said , he allowed , that every means which would enable the house to discuss mope completely the weighty question which was soon to be submitted to it , was of importance ; and in this view he was willing to consider the motions which the 153 hon . gent . has framed with the wish of procuring information . With regard to the motions proposed by the hon . gent . no material objection occurred to him at present against their production : but at the same time , from the great number of motions , from the variety of objects which they embraced , and from the very cursory glance that he had been afforded of them , it was impossible for him to undertake to say how far some of them could be complied with . Of many of the papers required , he had no doubt that govt . were not in possession ; others , though perhaps not many , might exist ; however he trusted that the house and the hon . gent . would be satisfied with his assurance , that every exertion would be made to give them as full information on all the subjects of the motions , as it was in the power of govt . to procure ; and that where the whole of the papers could not be brought forward , those parts should be produced which it might be possible to obtain . He should avail himself of the motions being put from the chair , to make ' some slight observations on some of them . expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the assurance of the right hon . gent , he wished the spirit of his motions to be adhered to rather than the letter.—The motions were put separately and agreed to , until that for laying before the house any compact or convention of neutrality that might have been entered into with Spain . On this being put , assured the house that he had not the slightest objection to the production of such a paper if such a paper could be found ; but he could not omit the present opportunity of stating , that whatever might have been asserted by the Spanish minister , or however inadvertently the term may have been used by Mr. Frere , it was certain that no such compact , or convention , respecting the Spanish neutrality , had been in any shape entered into . There was not a single note , letter , or word of explanation which at all even alluded to any such compact . thought this part of the subject of infinite importance . From what he could understand of it the Spanish minister had given to something that had passed between the two courts , the name of convention , and this name Mr. Frere , in his subsequent discussions with that minister , is said to have used inadvertently . Though he could not conceive the probability of 154 Mr. Frere 's inadvertently using this term in the first instance , when , perhaps , he did not attach to it much importance , yet he confessed he was totally at a loss to conceive the possibility of his making use of it , in serious and repeated discussions , without his having some solid grounds for so doing . It was obvious that Mr. Frere had repeatedly spoken to M. Cevallos of this convention ; now , unless it could be supposed that he would talk of that which , had positively no existence , it must be allowed that he had some reasons to induce him to use the term which were kept from the knowledge