charge against the persons composing that commission . After the declaration which had fallen from his right hon . friend , he could see no possible advantage which could result from the measure proposed by the learned member , and he would therefore vote for the order of the day . denied that he had used any taunting , language . If , in what he said , there was an appearance of taunt , it was not applied to the worthy baronet , whom , on the contrary , he praised for his fair and open dealing . If there was any thing of taunt , it applied to those who could hear arguments and approve them secretly , without having the courage openly to support them . gave it as his opinion , that there were at present matters of the highest importance before the commissioners , and that , in all probability , their labours could not be ended within the session . rose , not for the purpose of complying with the demand of any gentleman , whom he would not admit to have the right of personally requiring of him an explanation as to any change in his sentiments respecting the continuance of the commission , but to state his reasons for opposing the motion . After the candid manner in which the motion 690 was met , he had been in some expectation that the hon . and learned gent , would not have persisted in his motion . It was not now necessary to discuss ; whether the commission should last one or two years . Undoubtedly the intention of parliament was , that such a commission should exist , and it was therefore proper that a reasonable time should be allowed to it for transacting the business with which it was entrusted , consistent with fair expedition . With respect to that part of the learned gentleman 's argument , which tended to maintain the necessity of renewing the bill , because it was within possibility that the prerogative might be exerted to destroy the existence of the commission , he thought it the most extravagant he had ever heard . It was not proper for parliament to argue and decide upon such outrageous presumptions . It was not credible , that any minister would be found to advise the exertion of the prerogative for such a paltry purpose as that of getting rid of the present bill . There was no immediate necessity apparent to him for taking the subject into consideration , and he would therefore vote for the previous question , merely upon the declaration of the right hon . gent . under him . did not see the necessity that in cases where great powers were confided by Parliament , the persons invested with those powers should be restricted in point of time . The proposal of his learned friend went no further than to give the bill the extent which it was now demonstrated to the satisfaction of the house it was originally intended it should have . He thought that parliament having once adopted the measure , was , in consistency , bound to continue it . There was little apprehension , that the ideas thrown out by some persons , respecting the danger which might result from the existence of such a commission , without any thing to operate upon , should ever be realised . The abuses which it was the object of it to discover and correct were numerous and notorious , and he hoped , that the advocates for passing strong measures , such as the suspension of the habeas corpus act in Ireland , upon the sole grounds of notoriety , would not deem themselves justifiable in opposing a measure founded on their own principles , and from the continuance of which it was universally allowed the public had derived the most extensive and important advantages . said , that he gave great credit to the barriers of the bill when it was first introduced into the house , and the reports of the commisioners acting under it had confirmed him