necessary means to stop 423 them . It had been said that when lord Harrowby came into office , he thought of nothing but the treasure ships ; but , if our enemy annoyed us by treasure , it was necessary we should deprive her of those means . Our whole conduct towards Spain had been dictated by fairness and moderation , and we had been gainers by not taking advantage of extreme rights . We were at war , not for any fault of ours , but of Spain . There had been , on her part , a continual denial and refusal of fair and candid explanation . He repeated , that the refusal on the part of Spain to communicate the conditions of the treaty to us , was evidence of its being inimical to this country , which was confirmed by the French general Bournonville refusing permission to communicate it . It were to be wished that a greater force had been employed , but it had been supposed that the Spanish treasure would have been sent in single ships . The question , however , was not altered by that consideration . If it was right to stop the ships , it was necessary to use the force by which they were to be stopped . He considered the detention of the treasure as the act of a wise statesman ; that the writers upon the law of nations justified it ; and that the refusal of Spain to give the satisfaction required was the cause of the war . By our conduct in not proceeding to those extremities which we should have been justified in recurring to , we had given the world a proof of our moderation . Upon the whole , lie was of opinion that nothing had been done by which the character of this country had been compromised . The hon . gent . concluded by expressing his unqualified approbation of the address . in opposition to the hon . gent . who had just sat down , though t the character and the honour of the country deeply compromised in the discussions , the official documents of which were now under the consideration of the house . He would maintain this opinion , although he was ready enough to believe , that the greater part of the country was fond of a war with Spain . The idea of being at war with a power vulgarly imagined to be possessed of immense treasures , was congenial enough to popular sentiment ; but he trusted that that house would not allow itself to be hurried away by any such delusion , but examine with the strictest scrutiny the papers before them , ere they ventured to concur in the address proposed by the right hon . the 424 chancellor of the exchequer . He was not unwilling to allow that the treaty of St. Ildefonso might constitute a ground of war for G. Britain against Spain ; yet such as it was , it was little more than a transcript of the ancient treaty call the Family Compact , which had subsisted between the different branches of the house of Bourbon silting on the French and Spanish thrones . The articles were of a similar tendency , and yet when this country went to war with France in 1778 , this treaty was not considered a sufficient ground to induce hostilities with ; Spain , nor to provoke us to take measures such as we lately had recourse to . It was decidedly his opinion , that in the relative situation of the two nations it was clearly the policy of G. Brit , to cultivate a good understanding with Spain , and lord Hawkesbury should certainly have employed some gent . of high birth and conciliatory manners for that purpose . When first the French demand for pecuniary succours was communicated to the British court no expression of their disapprobation followed , and in his mind it would have been much more expedient to allow Spain to pay this subsidy than to force her into a war . He