the demand ? He rather thought not . He rather thought the learned gent . would have seen nothing in such an answer , but a request from a weak 429 and oppressed govt. , which it would have been the highest cruelty to refuse . The result , would thus have been similar to what it had been in the procedings adopted by the British cabinet , with the inconvenience superadded of having causelessly agitated a question , which motives of humanity and prudence imperiously demanded should be suffered to lie dormant . He confessed that he was one who had waited with excessive anxiety for the production of the documents from which alone it was possible to form an accurate judgment of the conduct pursued by the two administrations who shared in the discussions which had taken place with Spain . He felt inexpressible satisfaction in stating , that through the whole course of them , he found the same uniform tone of lenity and forbearance towards Spain . He traced it though all the dispatches from his noble friend Lord Hawkesbury . He traced it in the instructions which proceeded from the late noble secretary of state . He traced it in those emphatic words to our minister at Madrid to `` make one more effort if possible to preserve a state of peace with Spain . '' Deeply sensible as he was of the truth of the facts which he had stated , be humbly presumed to implore the house to pause before they gave their votes for the amendment offered to them . He could not say what were the real motives of the hon . gent . who had proposed it . He had no doubt that they were pure , but be loudly called on the house not to agree to a motion replete in its consequences with injury to G. Britain , to a motion which , if it were adopted , would lower this country in the estimation of all Europe , would lower the spirit of the inhabitants of this country , would unbrace the nerves of every British soldier and sailor now engaged in the protection of Old England , and induce them to believe , that instead of fighting for their country , they are contending in the defence of the most lawless and dishonourable outrage . said , that it was his intention last night to have noticed , in a few sentences , what had fallen from his hon . and learned friend ( sir John Nicholl ) . Had be done so , at that period of the night , and exhausted as he and the house in general were , he should have confined himself merely to two or three points which had been touched on by his learned friend . Having , however , this night witnessed 430 the cofident tone in which an hon . gent . who sat beside him ( Mr. Bankes ) had addressed the house , in a speech almost every word of which was built on bold and glaring misconception ; when he heard it stated that govt . had acted throughout with humanity and moderation , yet with vigilance , alacrity , and firmness , and , therefore , that gentlemen were not to satisfy themselves of the truth of such allegations , lest they should damp the public spirit , he felt himself called on to enter more at large into the subject , and in the first place to inquire if this was really the situation of that house , that if Ministers chose to plunge into a war on unjustifiable grounds , they were not entitled to inquire into the causes of it , lest in so doing they should damp the spirit of the country ! He would never sit tamely in that house and bear it asserted , that we should not disapprove the proceedings of an administration , lest such disapprobation should humiliate the country in the eyes of Europe , and unnerve the arms of our brave countrymen who were engaged in espousing our quarrel . He would tell