affect them . I am sure that the right hon . gent , himself must know , that there was nothing in the transaction to which he has transiently alluded , that could give me pain on a retrospect of my conduct : but I do apprehend that the case is somewhat otherwise as to the right hon . gent . Several members on both sides this house know that transaction , and will decide on the merits of that view of it which I have unfolded . Let that be judged of by the world , which knows the transaction . in reference to the papers spoken of early in the debate by sir Home Popham , said , that the papers containing the charges against sir Home were sent to the board of naval enquiry , where he believed they still were . said , that the papers Were sent to the admiralty , and had never found their way back to the navy office.— The motions were agreed to . rose to move the order of the day , for he ring at the bar the charge against R. A. Cox , esq and sir W. Rawlins , knt . the gent , who were , in 1802 , the sheriffs of London and Middlesex . The noble lord said , he felt some slight embarrassment what course 276 to take , having at one time understood that the parties had no wish to call evidence , and now understanding that their opinions were rather changed . Any accommodation he could give he wished to give ; he was sure the house wished the same . He now moved the order of the day . avowed his intention to oppose the hearing of evidence at the bar . He would either move , that the order be discharged , or oppose it , when moved , in due form . said , there were two roads open in this matter to the house ; either the motion for hearing counsel at the bar might be made , and an order voted , or having heard the motion made , the right hon . gent , could move , that the order be discharged . observed , that the noble lord was undoubtedly in possession of the house , but that if such a motion were made , he should feel it necessary to negative it . would have no objection to any mode which the house should think proper to adopt . There was , however , some delicacy in the case , since the parties wished to be heard at the bar . now rose to move for the discharge of the order . There was nothing , he said , to induce trite house to wish to hear evidence at its bar . The question had already undergone the fullest discussion . The house had the judgment of a select committee , the attention and the powers of which were peculiarly directed to this subject . Such was the case previous to the act called the Grenville Act . How did it stand now ? The house had the advantages of the resolutions resulting on the enquiries of those who were sworn to fulfil the solemn duty to which they were appointed . What was now to be required ? The persons , to be examined were either to-repeat their former testimony , or they were not . If they correctly stated their evidence as before given , there would be no advantage derived from the re-examination proposed ; if they varied in their depositions , was the , house to give the preference to their former declarations on oath , or to their subsequent affirmations ? Certainly it must be admitted , that the testimony which had received the authority and sanction of an appeal of that nature , ought to be preferred . On these grounds he should move , that . The order be discharged . said , he felt it impossible to concur in the . grounds stated for the proposition of the right hon . gent , and equally impossible