patriotism , have arranged themselves under the military banners of the country , for its defence against the attempts of a desperate enemy . A description of force this , which , whilst it is actuated by the most determined valour , far exceeds , in point of numbers , any former force of which this country could boast , and every previous calculation which could be formed as to its expected amount.— With regard to the war with Spain , my lords , I shall not now enlarge upon that subject , because we have not yet before us those documents and facts which can alone enable us to form a correct judgment as to the different bearings of the question . When , by the possession of those documents and facts , we are enabled to judge of the measures and conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , then , of course , will be the time to go into the question m detail . It will not , however , he venturing to say too much in expressing my opinion , that the facts respecting the conduct of Spain which are already known , completely bear out 1iie conduct of ministers . Hostilities with 6 Spain were not , in my mind , so much a , question of justice as of policy ; and when we consider the supplies sent by Spain to France , which contributed to enable the latter , to carry on war against this country , I can not but think that no other course remained for his Majesty 's ministers to pursue , than that which they have adopted ; and their conduct appears to me so clearly entitled to confidence , that I think there can be no hesitation in agreeing to this part of the address.—With respect , my lords , to the other point in his Majesty ' speech , namely , the communication from the French government , containing professions of a pacific disposition , I presume to think there can be but one opinion on the subject , and that that opinion must be to the effect contained in his Majesty 's speech . The general conduct of the French govt . affords little hope of any sincere desire on its part for peace . The language of that govt . is now , however , very different from ( that which it used at the commencement of the war , when it was boasted that England single-handed could not contend with France . That boast has now been given up , and an anxious desire for peace , has been substituted in its stead . I can not pretend to explain the views with which these overtures have been made . The enemy may have various motives . He may hope to embarrass the govt . to create divisions in parliament , or discontent in the country , by exciting too eager a desire for peace . But , whatever his motives may be , your lordships must be convinced , that it is only by firmness and unanimity that a solid arid lasting peace can be . attained.— There only remains , my lords , one other topic for me to notice ; namely , the flourishing state of our commerce . Upon this subject it is needless for me to enlarge , as it must be obvious to every one who bestows upon it the slightest portion of observation . These , my lords , are the grounds upon which I venture to offer an address to your lordship 's notice , and which , I trust , will meet with your cordial approbation . His lordship concluded with moving an address to his Majesty , of which the following is a correct copy : — '' Most gracious sovereign , we , your Majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the lords spiritual and temporal , in parliament assembled , humbly beg leave to return your majesty our unfeigned thanks for your most gracious speech from the throne.—We beg leave to assure your Majesty , that this 7 house reflects with