and perilous contest . If we so act , and the question of our safety is at issue , then I think we shall stand on impregnable ground ; we shall have at command all the willing energies of the country , and that confidence which will enable us to meet any danger to which we can be exposed , without panic or dismay . It is by securing to ourselves this confidence , that we can best secure the co-operation and assistance of those powers on the continent who may be disposed to make a common cause with us ; by convincing them that , instead of having no more than treaties with the ministers and with government to depend upon , they are making an alliance with the hearts and hands of the people of this country ; and , most of all , it is by this reliance on the hearts of our brave country men , that we may bid a stern defiance to all the furious threats and efforts of the daring malice and perturbed ambition of the most powerful , most inveterate , and most oppressive and tyrannical enemy that ever vowed the overthrow of an ancient and splendid monarchy , and the destruction of a great , a generous , a brave , a free , and a happy people . I now move , sir , `` that leave be given to bring in a bill to repeal the Additional Force Act of last year . '' rose , and spoke as follows : It is not my intention , sir , to follow the hon . gent . through all 747 those various digressions , through all those multifarious observations , which in the course of his speech he has thought proper to introduce . The greater part of these had no sort of connection with the question more immediately before the house , and were evidently introduced for the purpose of giving the hon . gent . an opportunity of shewing the house how much he was capable of contributing ' to the entertainment of the house by illustration , which had no possible relation to the subject proposed for our present consideration . But , though I view those parts of the hon . gent 's speech as unworthy of any detailed reply , and shall not on that account trespass long on your attention , there are one or two of the preambles to his speech which I feel it necessary shortly to advert to before I enter on the consideration of the motion with which the hon . gent . concluded his speech . The hon . gent . thought proper to advert , in the first place , to that surprise which the notice of his motion when it was first announced had created on this side of the house . The hon . gent . perhaps , found it convenient to suppose that such surprise existed , merely with the view of turning it to the advantage of his own argument . I , for my part , know nothing of that surprise to which the hon . member has alluded , but I know that the hon . member 's notice was not , in the first instance , given within the doors of this house . When it was first given , I have , reason to believe , that the only emotions which it excited , were those of satisfaction ; and when it was renewed in this house , I can testify , that it excited a cry of exultation . There was every reason to think that when the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) brought forward his motion , his friends were not by any means pleased at the manner in which the discussion was closed . It was with reluctance they divided on the occasion , because they were not afforded an opportunity of delivering their several opinions . They could not help voting when the question was so loudly called for , and though the hon . member who this evening opened the