observations with regard to the dispatches which passed between . Mr. Frere and his May 's 432 Ministers , the object of which he could not see , unless it was for the purpose of at once entering into acts of open hostility . He could not help observing a phrase which had been inserted in the declaration : it was agreed , that war was to be declared , in case a French army entered Spain . The word `` army '' was struck out of the declaration , and `` troops '' inserted , for the purpose , he supposed , of ministers having some shadow of pretence for the conduct they had been guilty of.—He then alluded to Mr. Frere 's want of instructions , which he said , were , in fact , nothing , until the very period of seizing on the Spanish frigates . One of the demands made by our ambassador to the court of Spain was , that English ships of war in Spanish ports should be treated in the same manner as French ships of war . This , he said , was agreed to ; and , though he did not wish to stand on words , yet , when he saw a demand made and agreed to , he thought it should be binding . It was stated , that , in a preceding war , ships had been taken before the formal declaration ; he acknowledged that to be a fact ; but it did by no means determine the question , as that very circumstance alluded to , had since been condemned by every man of common understanding . He was sorry to hear so many instances recounted of hostilities being commenced before the declaration of war , as he was perfectly well convinced in himself , that in almost every one , the proceeding was blame able . The hon . and learned gent . then took a review of the law of nations , on declaring war , and quoted several passages from Grotius and other writers . He said , it had been urged , that ministers were justified in going to war on account , of the breach of the condition on the part of Spain . As to that point , he thought the breach must be perfectly clear , which was not , even by the ministers , said to be so in this case ; they only said the condition appeared to be broken ; but suppose it had actually been the fact , suppose the condition had been broken , every circumstance should have been strictly examined before any steps were taken , or at least , any other than those which were absolutely necessary . He said , the greatest possible argument that could be offered against the war with Spain was , that France would derive the greatest possible advantage from it ; she would have under her command , not only the navy and army , but half the revenue of Spain , , all of which 433 would contribute to make her still more formidable than she was at present . The armament at Ferrol , of which we complained , consisted of three ships ; the order for fitting them out was received on the 7th , and on the 15th they were countermanded . This was the great and alarming measure , which was to excite so much fear for our safety , and called for immediate reparation and redress . There were , indeed , other armaments that might have proved a just subject of com plaint , and justified strong measures on the part of the British govt . He meant the armaments at Carthagena and Cadiz , and yet there was not a word of alarm respecting these two ports . No orders were dispatched to prevent the armaments from sailing out of the ports of Cadiz and Carthagena . To Cadiz , indeed , 2 frigates were sent to make prizes of vessels that might wish to go into it ; but not a word was said of any