that if the right hon . gent , did not agree to give up the tax altogether , he would , at least , devise some means of alleviating its pressure , in regard to that particular county . said , he had been expecting every moment to see some member from the North follow the patriotic example of the hon . gent , who had just sat down . As none of those hon . gent , however , had yet thought proper to rise , he would take the liberty of taking that duty on himself . The North in general , and the Highland * of Scotland in particular , that depended so much on their fisheries , would be considerable sufferers from this rise in the duty on an article so essential to the fisheries . The drawback he would allow removed in a considerable degree that objection ; but there were many instances in which the drawback could not be easily obtained , particularly by such as employed the salt for their own use only . He contended that the exhorbitant rise of this article was every way impolitic , and believed that it would add considerably to the discontent of the lower orders , against the war in which we had engaged . argued , that the drawback was a complete answer to every objection that could be drawn from the fisheries against this measure . The additional tax , in fact , was calculated to operate rather as a bounty , as it increased the amount of the advantage the fisheries already enjoyed over others . In regard to the injury individuals might sustain from having speculated in this article without receiving any previous notice of the measure now in question , he did not think much was to be apprehend * ed . In Hampshire , the county with which he was perhaps best acquainted , he was not aware that any such speculation bad taken place , or that any Lad consequences would result from it . He denied that it was a duty , the collection of which was attended with any extraordinary charges . The charge , he stated , did not amount to above 20,000l . and that therefore the duty was collected for not more than 2 per cent . This additional duty besides , he added , would be attended with no additional charge , as the expence attending the collection of the present duty would not be increased by its rise . stated , in explanation , that according to the report of the committee in 1801 , the collection of the salt duty was attended with an expence of 100,000l . a year . Since that period perhaps the duty might have been collected at less ; but if they might trust the report of that committee , the annual charge of that duty was as he had stated it up to the period of that report . allowed that the salt employed in the fisheries was free of duty , but contended that there were so many difficulties and impediments thrown in the way , that it was often difficult to get at the drawback . opposed the tax on horses employed in husbandry ; he thought it founded on impolicy , and injustice . On impolicy , because it would operate to the great detriment of a branch of our national industry , of all others the most essential to our well-being as a state ; on injustice , because it would bear unequally on the subject , nay , that it would operate on only one class of people , the farmers of the kingdom . Instead of laying an additional fax of this sort , why did not gentlemen give up their privilege of franking , which would shew the people that the members of the House of Commons were ready to make sacrifices in their turn . The hon . bart . deprecated the idea of the war having excited disgust among the public . He believed there never was a war , the necessity and justice of which