of the bill should commence 562 with these words : `` whereas it is notorious that traitorous conspiracies are carried on between wicked and disaffected persons in Ireland , and persons resident in France . '' —The amendment was put and negatived without a division ; the bill was read a third time , passed , and ordered to be sent to the lords . brought up the report of the committee of ways and means of yesterday . Several resolutions were read and agreed to without any discussion . Upon the resolution being read , which goes to state the agreement of the house to the levy of an additional 25 per cent , on the property tax , rose , and requested , some explanation of the nature of the exemption from the property tax , allowed , to the holders of the loan . He did not altogether understand it as it was formerly stated . observed , that it was not strictly an exemption , but a forbearance for a time , till the instalments should he paid up . When the loan was converted into stock , and the first dividend was paid , then it would of course become subject to the tax as well as other property . expressed his regret to see so little disposition in the house to examine closely into the subject of these resolutions , which was of so important a nature , that he should not feel that he did his duty , if he passed it over in silence . The house , he was sorry to say , was not put in a state to judge so accurately on the subject as it ought to have been . Certain accounts had been ordered by act of parliament to be annually laid before the house . It was true , that they were not in strictness required to be laid on the table previous to the 25th of March ; but since the budget had been brought forward so early this session , it might have been expected that the accounts deluded to should , have been presented in time sufficient to enable the house to examine the subject with the requisite degree of information . We wanted an account of the public income and an account of the disbursements . The distribution paper ought also to have been presented sooner , with an account of the consolidated fund , A confusion also arose from its being stated that the expenditure would be 44 millions , and provision was made only for 35 millions . Then , there was a million for the East India Company . 563 He assented to that sum . But he did it for reasons of his own , arid not for those alleged on the other side . The East India Company had engaged to pay 500,000l . annually to the public ; and instead of that , this was the second time that they called upon the public to pay money to them . Notwithstanding this , it was contended on the other side , that the East India Company was in a flourishing condition , and we had recorded this by our vote , He hoped the subject would be at another period more fully investigated . There was also another resolution to which he was by no means inclined to give his assent . It was that which went to give 5 millions for subsidies to the continental powers . He trusted that no one would think that he contended that this island should keep aloof from continental connexion . The man did not deserve a seat in that house who could wish this island to be insulated in its interests and connexions , from the powers on the Continent , or who would not be desirous of contributing all in his power to diminish the preponderating influence of France upon the greater part of Europe , which he could not consider otherwise than as one family . He would therefore , chearfully grant any sum , which was likely to be applied with any effect to the