other in Europe , although many of these had much greater advantages for producing a military force than we had , although inferior certainly to us in every other respect . The military force of France was not move than 362,000 army , out of a population of 32 millions , the fourth of which , being the male population capable of bearing arms would be 8 millions , and then their army would amount only to the proportion of I out of 14 of the male population capable of bearing arms . If we looked to Russia , its army might be stated at 590,000 men , and its population was 34 millions . The proportion of men capable of bearing arms was 8,500,00 , and this would make only 1 out of 14 in the whole male population of that country . Austria had an army of 370,000 . Its population was 20 millions . The proportion capable of bearing arms was consequently 5,000,000 and this would be one out of between 13 and 14 of the whole male population capable of bearing arms . The only power in Europe which approached this country as to its military force in comparison to its population , was Prussia . It had a population of 9 millions , 809 and an army of 250,000 men , which yielded a proportion similar to that of this country , that of one in ten ; but Prussia was not like any other power in Europe in respect to her army , for her army was more composed of foreigners than that of any other power . The result of the whole of this calculation was this , that France , Austria , and Prussia , had an army of 1 out of 13 or 14 out of the whole male population capable of bearing arms , except Prussia , which had a great number of foreigners in her force , and this country , in which the army bore a proportion capable of bearing arms . All this with regard to Great Britain , was exclusive of its volunteer force , which was , indeed , a double character , and of incalculable value to the state , for they were men , who besides being efficient in military view , connected in civil life with civil occupations and productive labour , and accumulating industry . Their number was 380,000 , which with sea fencibles , to the number of 30,000 , made the whole number of men in arms , in the United kingdom , s10,000 . That was not 1 in 14 , as other countries have , nor 1 in 10 , but nearly 1 in 4 , of the whole male population of this country capable of bearing arms ; a greater proportion than this country ever had before ; greater than any other country on the globe has now ; greater than France herself ever had with all her facility of producing military force under her revolutionary system , even at its height , under the terror of Robespierre ; and all this military force in this country was not growing , as in others it did , out of the distress , the confusion , or the ruin of the country , but out of a system of order , discipline , and riches , such as gave us all security , and not only enabled us to bid defiance to all the attempts or the threats of our enemy , but at the same time stamped sentiment , loyalty , and zeal of the people . Looking , then , at this state of our force , unparalleled as it was in extent , and equal to every purpose for which a force could be desirable , he would ask , was there any ground for saying that the house ought to doubt the efficiency of the executive government , and that its power ought to be delegated to a committee of a house of parliament ? —He had hitherto considered the question , with reference to the quantity of our force ; and he