it is to the vigilance and precaution , which it is our object still to continue , that we owe the failure of our enemy 's projects , and the consequent safety of Ireland , which would be every moment liable to be plunged in all the horrors of rebellion and bloodshed . The right hon . gent . says , that if an Irish committee were always in the event of war to force us to the necessity of suspending the habeas corpus act , then it would almost always be suspended . The numbers of the disaffected Irish were few , he observed , and the influence of the Irish committee could not enable them to do much mischief . There , however , he is not so correct as usual in his enumeration , The Irish 320 disaffected persons are most certainly few in numbers , compared with what they once were . But no person can have the boldness to assert that they are absolutely few . But it is not , solely on the grounds that there are a number of disaffected persons , who we admit are but comparatively small , that we rely in the present instance for a justification of the measure now proposed . It is upon this circumstance , coupled with past experience of the miseries to which the efforts of this minority have brought upon their country ; coupled also with the fact , that we are now engaged in a war with an enemy who will let slip no opportunity of turning the remains of sedition and treason that may still exist in Ireland , to his own advantage , and who by means of those who have fled from their own country to throw themelves into the power of a despot , has too many opportunities allowed him . It is most undoubtly probable that , in all wars like that in which we are at present engaged , while our enemy has such means in his power of disturbing our domestic tranquility , and disseminating insurrection and disloyalty , the present measure will be continued . I believe , that this will be the case , and I am not unmanly enough to deny it . It is , sir , a misfortune of the times , that the principles which gave occasion to the French revolution , have found in many countries a number of adherents . These principles unfortunately are not yet extinct . The misfortune of the times , I say render this course necessary , and sad experience proves it to be the only safe one . The right hon . gent . should , therefore , excuse me for acting on the same principles on which he formerly acted , and by which this country has been preserved . But , if any thing surprised me more than another in the right hon . gent . 's speech , it was the extraordinary mis-statement of what has been said of the state of Ireland . My right hon . friend who made this motion , and those who support it , are assailed with the same clumsy weapon , the same clumsy dilemma , with which the right hon . gent . was formerly attacked when he thought with me , and which he was wont to baffle with so much force and ability . This is the famous dilemma to which they were wont to propose to us ; either you have a majority of well-affected persons , or you have not : If you have , then there is no occasion for the present proceeding ; if you have not , then tell us so at once . This was what we were told , and what he often 321 heard with so much indignation . There was certainly reason to hope that the disaffected would by this time have had their eyes opened ; that those who had been carried away by unconstitutional frenzy would have been cured of their madness ; that seeing the fruits the French revolution had produced , they would have got enough of