Spanish court were supplying our enemies with money and other requisites for waning against us . This I am by no means inclined to dispute . But then , my lords , it would have been but fair and reasonable , in order that a war might not unnecessarily be plunged into , that some precise requisition on the subject should have been made to the Spanish court , and a day fixed for them to give their decisive answer , before hostile measures had been resorted to . I am anxious to know if this has been the case . It is necessary not only that a thing should be fair , equitable , and justifiable in itself , but that the manner in which it is commenced should likewise be fair , just , and agreeable to the known and established law of nations . There is in one part of this business too , an occur- 12 rence of a very melancholy and deplorable kind , which , without imputing blame to any particular person , or at all inquiring into the immediate cause of the accident , I can not help thinking might have been guarded against . If it was deemed fair and justifiable to detain the Spanish ships , might it hot have been so managed that they should have been met by a force of such superior magnitude , as to have made it not dishonourable in them to submit to the detention , rather than by one of such equal force , as would have entailed disgrace on them , had they surrendered without resistance ? Again , if it was fair that ships of war having treasure on board should be detained , I am anxious to know where the policy or propriety could exist of allowing merchants ' ships to pass unmolested ? These , my lords , are some of the circumstances connected with the rupture with Spain , which appear to me to require explanation , and on account of which , I could not allow the address to pass , without stating that I by no means pledge '' myself to say , when the necessary papers are before the house , that I shall think that that business has been properly conducted.— There is another part of the address which I can not allow to pass without observation . It is said , that our army is on a respectable and formidable footing . This term our army was thought six months ago not to deserve , and under the administration of a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) , it was strongly insisted that our army was greatly defective ; nay , that was generally understood to have been the ground for that noble lord 's retiring from office . It was not in one particular branch too , that this deficiency was said to exist , but in every department . The right hon . gent , who came in , promised us great things ; and an act was passed , under his auspices , to effect this purpose . So far , however , from answering the end proposed , it is now allowed that this act has been found completely useless ; indeed , a more ridiculous , absurd , and oppressive act , was never conceived . Scarcely a single soldier has been raised by it ; nor is it calculated at all for that purpose . By what means , then , I should be glad to ask , has our state of defence , so defective under the noble lord 's administration , become so respectable and effective under his right hon . successor 's , without any aid but the ridiculous , absurd , and unproductive act to which I have just alluded ? . But I suppose it will be insisted 13 by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , that every thing is now very well , and that there is nothing inefficient or defective in the govt . of the country . I beg it , however , to be understood