place , and had compared that epoch to the present ; but he did not think the resemblance so strong as the hon . gent . seemed to imagine . At that time the jacobites were contending for the restoration of the Stewarts to the thrones both of G. Brit . and Ireland . They had no common object in view . Now , the exertions of the Irish malcontents are directed to separate Ireland from G. Brit . and to establish in the former country a distinct and independent democracy . The part of Ireland which he had the honour to represent , was in a quiescent state ; but he was satisfied that his constituents , although they laboured under no necessity of availing themselves of the suspension , would heartily rejoice at the security that it would afford to such of their neighbours as were not in such an enviable situation . It was a circumstance too well authenticated to admit of the least doubt , that to every point of France that is easily accessible from Ireland , numbers are continually passing , whose object was surely questionable . explained . He had never , in the most distant manner , intimated that he should ultimately oppose the suspension . What he contended for was , that by appointing a committee , the house might be enabled to ascertain with precision , whether such a measure was eligible or not . said , he would trouble the house with an observation or two , which he would comprise in a few words . If it had been proposed to him to give a decided affirmative or a decided negative to the motion for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus , he should certainly , with the knowledge of the circumstances of Ireland that he possessed , have preferred the former ; but as a middle course had been offered to the house by the motion of an hon . bart . which went 335 to give them full information on the subject , he should most assuredly vote for the amendment . He differed materially from the hon . gent . who thought the situation of Ireland now the same as when the suspension of the Habeas Corpus had been voted by a parliament sitting in Ireland . To suppose this , would be to believe every argument that he had heard in favour of the union . No man was more disposed to pronounce an eulogy on that measure than he was ; he had urged to his constituents , in the strongest terms , the full benefit which they would receive from a participation in the English constitution ; but if a suspension were thus to take place on light grounds , or at any rate without serious inquiry , they would be apt to imagine that the benefits they derived from their close connection with England and English laws were not so great as he had represented them to be . There was another argument which appeared to him of some importance , and that was , that the suspension was confined to Ireland . If it were proposed to be extended over the whole kingdom he , for one , would make no opposition to it . It had been said , but without a shadow of truth , that the Irish gentry loved martial law better than magna charta.—With regard to France , the situation of Ireland was essentially different from what it was at the time of the suspension that he had last alluded to . When the suspension took place , there was an organised republic existing in Ireland , and ready to fraternize with the then democratical govt . of France ; but from the late change in the legislature and govt . of that country , all hopes of co-operation and assistance in their political views , that the republicans of Ireland might once have indulged , must long have vanished . If any living characters were more detested by the Irish than others , they were the individuals composing the self-denominated Irish directory in Paris .