in actions.—In the conduct we adopt , we must not forget the lessons so recently taught by painful experience . It may neither be improper nor irrelevant to look back a little to the period of the last peace . From the concessions their made , and the eagerness shewn by this country , the first consul concluded , we were a vanquished nation ; his conduct was in conformity to his opinion ; insult was added to injury : and at the moment to which I allude , we had only to choose between instant hostilities , and lasting degradation . The nation felt , as I trust it always will feel , whenever its honour and dearest interests are attacked : so outraged and insulted , it preferred danger to disgrace , and unanimously approved of the renewal of the war.—The first consul , who had proposed peace only as a more efficacious and secure mode of carrying on the contest , who . knew he should obtain by concession what he had no hope of gaining by force , was not prepared for so early or so vigorous an exertion : his rage and disappointment should not be forgotten.—If we are now to presume that honourable and permanent peace is the real object of the recent communication from France , great and sudden must have been the change of disposition in the government of that country . It is unnecessary to state the events of the last few months which call for this observation . They are too deeply engraved on the recollections of your lordships to need any fresh detail . We may hope for peace , but we must prepare for war : if the necessary exertions and privations are beyond all former precedent , the object for which we have to contend is above all value . In this sentiment I trust we shall all ' agree , that no sacrifices are too severe , no efforts too great or too powerful , to support and secure the honour , dignity , and true interests of the nation . Strongly and deeply impressed with these sentiments , I have presumed to support the address 11 which has been proposed . I have now only to return your lordships my most humble and sincere thanks for the indulgence and attention I have had the honour to receive . —I do not rise , my lords , to disturb that unanimity by which I am aware it is so much to be wished the house should be actuated on a subject of so much importance as the present . When I heard his Majesty 's most gracious speech read , so cordially did I agree in every sentiment expressed in it , that I did not think it would have been necessary for me to say a single word on the subject . Some observations , however , which have fallen from the two noble lords who moved and seconded the address , seem to require some explanation . I , for one , am anxious to enter my protest against the supposition , that in agreeing to the address as proposed , I thereby pledge myself on a subject as to which the house is not in possession of the facts necessary to enable them to form a judgment . I allude , my lords , to the war with Spain . On that subject , whatever may be my own private opinion , whatever I may know as an individual which may induce me to think that the conduct of the govt . of this country has been correct or otherwise , this house is not in possession of such parliamentary information as can warrant it at present in expressing any opinion on the subject . As , however , the subject has been started , though I think the noble lords would have acted more discreetly in waving it , I must be excused in saying a few words on that point . The noble lord who spoke last has said , that we were not bound to sit tamely by while the