, in his own mind , that the less parliament interfered in matter of that kind , the better . In every view of it , he thought there could not be a more impolitic tax than the present , for it would operate as a discouragement to agriculture , and consequently prove highly injurious to the country.—After this a desultory conversation took place : Sir R. Buxton , Mr. Bastard , and Mr. Fellows , opposed the Bill ; the Attorney General and Mr. Huskisson supported it ; after which the house divided : For the second reading 73—Against it 76—Majority against the Bill 3. declared his intention to propose in the committee an alteration with respect to the duty in Scotland . The increase would be proportionate to the present rate of duty in that country and here . If this was not exactly fair , consistently with the qualities of the salt in both countries , he pledged himself , on inquiry , to bring it to the proper standard . After a short conversation the house divided : For the second , reading 92—Against it 54—Majority 38.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed , —Adjourned . held the office of Treasurer of the Navy from the 10th of April 1782 1153 to the 18th of Aug. in the same year ; but he continued , after that time , to make payments as ex-treasurer upon such ships books as were opened during his treasurer-ship , and upon such assignments as were made upon him by the different boards . His accounts were finally made up in the year 1795.—It was during his treasurership that the House of Commons came to the resolution before noticed ; and the treasurer 's salary was increased to 4,000l . a year , by warrant under his majesty 's sign manual . We thought it right to enquire how far the resolution and the increase of salary , upon the conditions contained in the warrant , had been effectual towards presenting the evils which had before existed , —Mr . Barré being dead , we applied to H. Harmood , esq . now a commissioner of the Navy , who held the office of paymaster under Mr. Barré , for information as to the disposition of the money issued for the service of the Navy during his treasurership.—By Mr. Harmood 's evidence , it appears , that the conditions of the warrant were strictly complied with ; that the whole of the money issued from the Exchequer to Mr. Barré for naval services , was lodged in the Bank ; that it was never drawn from thence previously to its being advanced to the sub-accountants , to be applied to the public service ; that during the time Mr. Barré acted as treasurer and as ex-treasurer , he had not in his possession or custody any of the public money ; and that he did not derive any profit or advantage from the use or employment thereof.—With respect to his own conduct as paymaster , he states , That he did not receive any profit or advantage from the use or employment of money issued for naval services , nor did he understand that the use of such money formed any part of the emoluments of the Paymaster of the Navy . succeeded Mr. Barré as Treasurer of the Navy ; he held the office from the 19th Aug. 1782 to the 19th of April 1783 , and at present stands upon the list of ex-treasurers . His final account was made up in the office of the treasurer of the navy , in the beginning of 1804 ; the general statement of it was then transmitted to his lordship to attest , but it has not been returned to the accountant , which prevents the account from being delivered 1154 into the auditor 's office.—Soon after the appointment of lord Melville , a warrant under his maj.s sign manual was given , for granting to him an additional allowance of 2,324l . 6s . 6d . in order to make his net official