the exchange between this country , and Ireland . said , that although he was prepared to 220 come to a discussion of the Spanish rupture , on the information which he had obtained from those papers which his maj. 's ministers , after 2 months consideration , had laid before parliament , and which they , no doubt , conceived sufficient for the full understanding of the subject ; he must confess that he was glad that the additional papers had been brought down , as they had contributed to throw more light on the question . There were still many chasms in the correspondence , which he was anxious to see filled up , and which , no doubt , ministers would feel it to be their duty to communicate to the house . In Mr. Frere 's letter to lord Hawkesbury , of the 5th March , 1804 , he stated the subject of a conversation he had with the prince of peace on the morning of that day , and of his having been referred by him to M. Cevallos , for the communication of the treaty which had been concluded between Spain and France , relative to the neutrality of the former country . No traces of what had passed in that conference appeared in the papers which had been laid before the house . As the object of that conference was of the utmost moment , he must suppose that Mr. Frere had felt it to be his duty to communicate it to his govt . ; and the information which that communication would afford , he thought , was very necessary , previous to the discussion of the subject . There were also 3 notes written on the 23d and 24th of Feb. by Mr. Frere to M. Cevallos , and answered by the latter on the 27th , of which he wished copies or extracts should be laid before their ldps . : they were alluded to in M. D'Anduaga 's letter of the 30th March last to lord Hawkesbury . He would how move the first of his series of motions.—Before the question was put on the noble lord 's motion . said , that it was not the intention of ministers to withhold any information which could with propriety be granted ; he wished , however , that the noble lord would not press his motion at present , but allow govt . time to consider which of the papers it would be in their power to produce ; they would be able to do that by to-morrow . said , it would be extremely inconvenient for him to come down to-morrow ; however , if ministers could not make up their minds immediately , he must be under the necessity either of attending to-morrow , or of getting some other noble lord to move for him . said , that it had been his duty to make the selection of the papers which had been laid before parliament , from a very voluminous correspondence ; and as no part of the negotiation had been conducted by him , he could not be supposed to be as fully master of the subject as the noble lord who lately filled the situation , which was now unworthily filled by him . Possibly , some papers might have been omitted , which should have been produced . All he could say , was , that if his noble friend would favour him with a list of the papers he intended to move for , he would come to a determination as to whether they could or ought to be laid before the house by to-morrow . observed , that he could not refuse acceding to the noble lord 's proposal . He would put the list of motions into the noble sec . 's hands , and trust to his honour and discretion to produce such of them as he should think necessary to be made public . expressed his obligations to his noble friend , and said , that he would take care to apprise him , in the course of