public measures . These , however , were such , as when he not only considered them in their effects and consequences , but , when viewing what bad passed and what had been said upon-the subject , he considered of what materials the present administration was composed , he felt it his duty , upon public grounds , generally and systematically to oppose them . He condemned many of , their hostile and offensive operations , particularly the catamaran expedition . He thought it would be sufficient to rest the merits of what be should propose upon the documents which were then before the house ; the consideration of these would be sufficient to convince the house of the inefficacy of the measure , and induce them to repeal it . With respect to Ireland , its inefficacy and objectionable tendency was not less apparent . Upon the whole , from what he saw of the effects of 483 the bill , and from his conviction of what should be expected from it , he could with confidence propose to the house to expunge it from the statute book ; and , under such impression , he should conclude by moving for the repeal of the said act . rose , fie observed he had listened with attention to the speech of the noble earl , and to him it appeared to be intended rather as an attack upon his maj. 's present govt . than as applicable to the measure in question ; this he was the more induced to think , when he considered the allusions made to what had passed the last session of parliament , and the line of observation in which his noble friend indulged himself throughout . Will respect to the bill itself , he was rather obliged to his noble friend for bringing it under consideration . In considering the bill , the peculiar and extraordinary circumstances that preceded it , and which , to a certain extent still continued to operate , should be fairly considered . He was aware that , to a certain extent , endeavours had been made to counteract the operations of the bill ; and these views would be rather forwarded , than otherwise , by the holding forth the idea that the measure was not likely to be persisted in . He differed widely from his noble friend in his opinion of the measure , as he knew that it was not only an efficient , but , he believed , it was likely to prove a very beneficial measure ; at the same time he admitted , that the numbers at first expected were not raised under the bill . —But when all the circumstances under which it was to be carried into activity , were kept in view , this was less a matter of surprise , as time was necessary to give it a fair chance of success . He had thought the army of reserve act a good measure for giving a large and speedy augmentation to the regular army . But it was not denied , that the army of reserve act was accompanied by many inconveniencies , which it was very desirable to remove . It had been particularly the means of introducing high and unprecedented bounties . Government perceived the necessity of destroying this evil if it could possibly be effected , and the expedient which they had fallen on to accomplish this object was the very bill which the noble lord proposed to repeal . The numbers which had enlisted from the army of reserve into the regulars was a conclusive proof of the general principle on 484 which the bill was founded . But the bill held out , not only encouragements connected with the Army of Reserve Act , but others peculiar to itself . It was founded on the aid of local influence and strong public zeal , and he was confident that , if both these were properly applied they could not fail of producing the most important effects . If these were at any time , or in any district , totally