the objects of taxation , as much as possible , the indispensable necessaries of life , and he should therefore give his strenuous opposition to a duty which went to raise the price of all articles of human sustenance , in which salt was made use of . It was the duly of his majesty 's ministers , when a tax was fairly objected to , to endeavour to find out 791 some other fund to defray the expences of the state . said , that though he did not wish to stop the progress of the bill during the printing of the report of the committee ; yet he did not suppose that any attempt would have been made to pass the bill through the house until the report should be before them . He said , that though this might not be a fit time for taking off the tax altogether , yet he could1 not think the present was the fittest moment to select for adding 500,0001. to the 800,000l . which is already raised from an article of general consumption , as the lower order must feel peculiarly the inconvenience of a time of war , from the advance which takes place in the price of provisions in consequence of the increase of taxes , which is unavoidably occasioned by the war . When such a subject , however , was to be discussed in parliament , he thought it would have been more respectful to the house for the minister to have attended in his place . He had not heard that he was ill , or that any unpleasant consequences had followed from the fatigue of last night 's debate ; he might have been a little galled no doubt , but that was no reason why he should not attend in his place to-night , on the discussion of a subject of such general importance . Instead of adopting such a measure as the present , he would advise the Colleagues of that right hon . gent , to take the liberty of recommending him in private to look at economy in the public expenditure . When his majesty 's servants thought proper to have recourse to severe taxes of this kind , he thought it was full time to endeavour to find a substitute for them in the retrenchments , which were so loudly called for in the public expenditure . An hon . admiral ( Markham ) of high authority , had lately stated , ( see p. 684 ) , that a saving of one-third might be made in the naval expenditure , which was now 15 million annually ; and if they could retrench even one thirteenth part of it , the people of the country might be saved some of the hardships to which they were now subjected . Should this tax be adopted , the consequence must be that every labouring and Agricultural man in the country would have to pay a twentieth part of his income for the , purchase of salt indispensable for his sustenance . said , that many things which he had intended to have offered had been in a great measure anticipated . He would ; 792 however , beg leave to add a few words to what had been said on this subject . There , were many people who carried on manufactories for soap in a small way , who used wood ashes instead of the barilla , used by the great manufacturers . They had stated to him that their profits had almost entirely been swallowed up by the late duty on salt . They would now therefore be entirely ruined . One great object with government was the encouragement of the herring fishery , and the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) had said that he intended to bring in a bill for that purpose ; but no encouragement could ever be effectual without the repeal of the salt duty . He had been on the committee which made the report so often mentioned . The right hon . gent , had said , that