doing so , he should not pledge himself to vote against the administration . spoke in favour of the bill , until an entire new plan should be introduced for improving the army . said , he should not have risen to trouble the house but for the pointed allusions made by the right hon . the Chancellor of the exchequer to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , whose convincing speech , however , he had not attempted to answer . He wished , therefore , that the house should not go away impressed with the statements of the right hon . gent , which were for the greater part incorrect . The house might also wish to hear the sentiments of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who formed a part of the last administration , as well as the opinion of the hon . and learned gent , opposite to him ( the attorney general ) , on an interesting subject of this nature , and one on which they had already addressed the house . The right hon . the chancellor the exchequer had confined him-self-ajmost entirely to denying the detail submitted by his hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) and gave up the principal of the measure ; 768 he no longer insisted on the enthusiasm with which it would be adopted , or urged the sympathy which would exist between the recruits raised for local or county regiments ; when he abandoned that ground , he gave up , of course , the substance and efficiency of the bill , according to the right hon . gent 's , own ideas at its introduction . He should , therefore , from his own shewing , vote for the repeal of a bill , the ground of which he had thus relinquished . Now , as to the detail . On the 29th of June 1804 , this act was passed : in 14 days county meetings were to be held , and in one month the parishes of the kingdom were to be in a general state of activity to raise 16,000 men to supply the deficiencies . This ground-work was all to be performed by the 1st of Oct. 1804 . But it was found this ponderous machine could not proceed . A noble lord in the home department then applied his shoulders to the wheel : still it was immoveable : it resisted the efforts also of all the lords-lieutenant of the counties . In this distressing predicament the ministers , on their own authority , suspended the operation of the bill until the 15th of Nov. considerably after all its salutary effects were to have been enjoyed . Thus , the executive government , represented by the secretary of state , assumed to itself the power of preventing the influence of a legislative regulation . It was not , however , perfectly correct to assert that its entire operation was postponed to the 15th of Nov. and this was one of the fallacies with which the right hon . gent , had amused the house . As far as related to raising men , its agency commenced on the 5th of September : it was not the opposition within that house ; it was not the resistance from exterior causes , but it was the absolute impossibility of carrying the act into execution , which occasioned this delay . The procrastination proposed on the assessment of the penalties was until the 15th November ; but the truth was , that no order was given for this purpose until the 18th of the month latently expired . The right hon . gent , enquired , `` are we to suppose the act will not fulfil the intentions of its authors , and that it will not , because it has not provided men ? '' And when its incompetency at present was pressed as a rational ground to presume its continued insufficiency , the objection is met by the declaration , that the operation of the bill was alone extended to the most exhausted parts of the king-