it was , that he desired to press the motion for its renewal at present ; and also , because he thought such immediate renewal necessary to give vigour and efficacy to the operation of the commission . No man could suppose that that commission could proceed with such effect , if they were to calculate upon the expiration of their power within three or four months , as if that power were enlarged in the manner proposed by the motion . It was impossible indeed , that they could accomplish the object of their inquiry within the session . They had , he understood , much information to look for from distant countries , particularly in their enquiry into the victualling department . How then could it be reckoned upon that such enquiry could be completed within a short time ; particularly as it was stated by his noble friend , that their business was fast accumulating ? With respect to the allusions made to the views of those by whom the motion was proposed , those views he did not know ; but he knew the view which induced him originally to support this bill . That view was , because he thought it proper and necessary to investigate the abuses that were generally supposed to ex- 693 ist in the expence of the different departments of the navy . Of this necessity he was now fully convinced . The vast mass of evidence on the table , furnished by the reports of those commissioners , was the best testimony of their merit , and the strongest argument in favour of the motion before the house . Those reports contained such matter as was highly deserving the attention of the house , and such as he trusted would , by becoming the subject of serious consideration , prove that parliament was as anxious to interest itself in the concerns of public economy as in any other subject . in explanation stated , that some gentlemen seemed to misunderstand his observations with respect to the reports from the commission to which the motion before the house referred . He had said , that there were many important suggestions in those reports ; but he would not be understood at all to pledge himself , to take any particular proceeding in consequence of those suggestions . This was a consideration upon which he held himself free to make up his mind.—The question being called for , a division took place : For Mr. Giles 's motion , 75 For the amendment , 92— Majority against the motion , 17 took notice of two clauses , which had been proposed to be introduced into the bill by an hon . general opposite him ( Fitzpatrick ) he approved of the principle of those clauses , so far as their object was to give the greatest solemnity to the decisions of courts martial by the alterations it proposed of not permitting officers , under the age of 21 , to have a seat , or at any rate from being president of a court martial . He had , however , considered it his duty to consult the opinions of several of the ablest officer 's upon the alteration proposed ; he had not yet been able to procure these opinions , and therefore should not wish at present to say any more of those clauses ; he hoped , however , the hon . gent , would not object to the bill being now engrossed , and 696 those clauses might afterwards be introduced . had no objection to the bill being engrossed , and should reserve himself to a future stage , when he intended again to introduce these clauses.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be engrossed said , the effect of this tax upon the labouring parts of the community , would be most deplorable . He confessed , he did hope that the second reading of the bill would have been deferred until gentlemen should have had lime fully to consider the report of the salt committee of a former session ,