house in the course Of the last session , that the arguments he had used against the bill then , had since been , every one of them , found to be verified . No bill had ever been introduced into either house of parliament with a more pompous and magnificent display of the benefits to be derived from it , and the energies it was to put in force . It was brought forward on the spur of what was said to be a most important occasion , when the country was allowed to be in the most immediate and imminent danger of an invasion , and , indeed , so much so , that a month , a day , or even an hour was not to be lost in adopting measures for the most speedy and effectual means of increasing the army of the country , and that part of it in particular , which is called the dispose able force . At that moment , his lordship said , he and other noble friends of his , with whom he acted , saw on the first fair and mature consideration of its provisions , that so far from answering the important purposes for 492 which it was intended , it would have the direct contrary effect , and would be infinitely more injurious to the military service of the country than those measures which were proposed for that end by his maj. 's then ministers , whom it was a principal and primary means of driving from their official situations . Seeing it clearly in that light , his ldp . said he felt it to be his duty to his country , as a lord of parliament , to give it his most decided opposition , and that too in even stage ; and , he appealed to their ldps . to say , whether the reasons he had then adduced against it , but which he would not now trespass on their ldps . time by repeating , had not been since proved to be but too true ? He remembered though , that one objection , which he had very pointedly urged against it was , that it went to overturn the system of the army of reserve , which had , to a certain degree , been successful , and which , therefore , their ldps . should not agree to risk losing the benefit of , unless by some mea-sure that gave at least a prospect of proving effectual , which he then insisted this bill did not . He was therefore the more surprised , when he heard what had fallen from the noble earl who spoke last , in support of this bill , which altogether over ? threw the army of reserve , and all the other military measures , which had been the greatest favourites of that administration , of which the noble earl formed a part . The bill , however , had soon been found to verify all that had been said of it , and to have entirely failed in effecting an increase of the army . In the course of the first two months , without using any particular curiosity on the subject , there was not , he believed , one of their ldps . who did not know its unfortunate fate , at least in the county in which he resided ; and no one person in the whole kingdom had an opportunity of knowing it more pointedly and forcibly than the right hon . gent , who was the father of it , from the astonishing deficit which took place in the very district over which he presided . He had hitherto , however , confined himself to the objection ? he had to it , as a bill intended to increase the military force of the country , by raising men for its service , There were , however , much stronger arguments urged against it , and the principal of these was , that , under the pretence of raising men , it went rather to the purpose