a decree ? Is there nothing new in the situation of Jamaica ? Has the hon . gent , seen the report of the assembly , or did he think it worth his while to read it ? The assembly of that Island are so impressed with the pernicious , and absolutely ruinous consequences of this measure , that they have sent a confidential agent to this country , in order to resist , by every means in their power , its progress . When the interests of such faithful subjects of the British em- 647 pire are concerned , when their whole is at stake , that whole from which they have been ever ready to contribute a part to the exigencies and service of the state , when you are proposing to plunge them into difficulties unknown to any other class of British subjects , and perhaps into utter ruin , is it possible that any man can be so callous to the feelings of justice , to a sense of that attention that is due to British subjects , as to say that these men ought not to be heard in their own defence ? This , sir , is treating an important part of the empire with the most marked disrespect . What are they to conclude with regard to the attention paid to their interests , when a member of the British legislature , on an occasion like the present , does not chuse to say a word respecting their complaints ? Their consequence to this country in every point of view , certainly entitles them to more respectful treatment . The hon . gent . has only thought it necessary to advert to the precedent of last session , in order to justify his silence . That precedent , sir makes very little in his favour . When we consider the circumstances under which the measure passed this house last session , we shall find that he has no claim to rest much upon that . The attendance , it is notorious , was very thin , and since gentlemen have begun to attend more minutely to all the circumstances of the case , we are not yet without hopes of stopping this bill in its progress through the house . Scarcely 150 Members were present at the discussions last session , and at no one stage of the business were the members above 200 . This may be regarded , in some measure , as a presumptive proof , that gentlemen had not made up their minds en the subject . Am I then to be told now , that the precedent of last year is a sufficient reason for the passing of the bill at this time without further examination into its nature and merits ? It is a very lame reason indeed , and one which I trust will have very little weight with the house . I hope that the other 458 who have not as yet come forward , will now take a share Mi the matter , and consider the question in a broad and comprehensive point of View and not suffer their judgments to be misled by idle declamation , and vain speculation . I hope that they will attend to all the interests of all the parties concerned in the present instance , and study the means of most effectually promoting them . Without this , sir , it may happen 648 that while they think they are pursuing a course pointed out by humanity and justice , they will at last find , when it is too late , that they were doing the highest injustice to the one party , without benefitting the other.—Having said so much , sir , on this point , I shall proceed to consider the affair more closely . But I could not refrain from saying what I have already thrown out , after the singular line of conduct which has been adopted by the hon . gent . It may be said , sir , that little weight is to be attached to my opinion on this question