system . A great volunteer colonel , the present chancellor of the exchequer , had undertaken to remedy it , but his R. H. could not find that it had been much improved under his superintending care . The volunteer force , compared with what it had been , was absolutely gone by ; and if the attention of govt . were not immediately directed to it , it would shortly disappear . It was , therefore , the more requisite to attend to the military part of our defence ; the regular army . In order to do this properly , it would be necessary to divide it into its several integral parts , such as militia , cavalry , British and foreign , and infantry of the like descriptions . He thought he could prove to their ldps . satisfaction , that the army , thus constituted and divided , was , in all its parts , very greatly and alarmingly deficient in the numbers at which it was stated . He then adverted to the artillery , which he contended , was also defective ; but not to so great a degree as the other branches of our regular army . His R. H. stated from the estimates , that the Cavalry ought to amount to 26,196 men ; but , he said , they were deficient considerably upwards of 8000. ; that the infantry were 865 less than during the last year , though there had not been a single shot tired in anger between them and any of the enemies of this country , from the 1st Jan. 1804 to the 1st Jan. 1805 ; that the deaths in the infantry since August were upwards of 2000 , and the recruits only so much above that number , as to make the increase no more than 110 ; so that the total deficit in the infantry was not less than 86,363 men ; a number which would constitute an immense army . What , he asked , could ministers say to this , and what must the country think of so alarming a deficiency , at the very mo- 501 ment when those ministers have brought us into a new war ? A war which they , had commenced by disgracing the annals of our naval glory , and making the first efforts of our fleet `` to consist of an act of piracy . They talked of a disposable force when they were conscious they bad no such thing ; though they were engaged with an enemy , who possessed immense forces , and resources , from the mouth of the Elbe to Malta . If this were true , which he insisted it was , how , he asked , would it be possible , that , with such a deficiency , ministers would dare to send a single man out of the country ? If they contented themselves with barely resting on their arms , without being able to attack the enemy , he contended it must prove the inevitable ruin of the country ; and , as he looked on this bill to be the principal cause of this glaring and dangerous deficiency , he would certainly vote for its immediate repeal . said , he should abstain from entering at large , or into any detail , in the observations which he meant to submit to their lordships . He had in no degree changed his sentiments since last year ; he was still of the same opinion as then . He knew of but three modes of attaining a military force ; 1st , by the exercise of absolute compulsion or conscription , for enforcing personal service ; 2nd , by the ballot allowing a substitution for personal service ; 3d , by ordinary recruiting . The first mode was unconstitutional and inconsistent with the habits , the manners , and the feelings of a free people , and therefore could not be attempted in this country . The second had been resorted to with considerable effect in the Army of Reserve Act . This was no doubt a