with the house , notwithstanding the attempt which has been made to destroy it , I do not see any necessity for troubling the house much farther in detail . Yet , late as is the time to which the discussion has been protracted , I trust I shall meet with the indulgence of the house , while I shortly advert to some leading points that have been brought forward relative to the conduct of govt . some of them referring personally to myself . The first point , then ; to which I would turn the attention of the house is , the attempt which has been made to represent my hon . and learned friend and myself as differing somewhat in our opinions relative to the commencement of the war with Spain , whereas , in fact , no difference ever existed ; and my hon . and learned friend has only rescued the arguments which I made use of from the vulgar and wretched misrepresentation to which they have been exposed . An attempt has been made to prove that I and lord Hawkesbury were so mad as to say to Spain , `` we shall forbear to exercise our rights 459 against you for a time , and at any subsequent period , we shall , when we find it convenient , commence hostilities without any further notice . '' We said no such thing . If we had , then we should have deserved all the abuse and derision which have been so liberally poured upon us . But as we never did , all the abusive , and vulgar terms employed against us may be retorted on those who could be guilty of so glaring and so gross a misrepresentation . This , sir , was what I advanced : I said that though the sum paid by Spain to France was enormous , yet we had maintained a system of forbearance for a time , reserving however to ourselves , at any future period , to consider the subsidies as a cause of war . This was certainly fair and just ; but did I ever say hostilities were to be commenced , in the above case without notice ? No ; we said this to Spain : `` when you tell us that you wish to gain time , and have some hopes that you will speedily be in a situation to maintain a strict neutrality , we shall forbear for a time , that your chance may be allowed you , and every opportunity of keeping out of the war granted . '' But when we had given them this advantage , and when they had this opportunity long enough , then we say this , `` thus far shall our forbearance go , and no farther ; and now we tell you that from this hour that forbearance is at an end . '' But while I beg that this may be considered as my opinion , do not let it be understood that Spain was harshly limited in point of time . For when the above declaration was coupled with a condition , who could deny that the violation of the condition constituted a good ground of war without farther notice ? We said to Spain `` we forbear in order to afford you an opportunity of maintaining your neutrality , if any possible change should enable you to do so ; but if , in the mean time , you go on with ally armaments , then this will be considered as tantamount to a declaration of hostilities . '' If , then , the Spanish govt . violated the conditions upon which our forbearance was founded , can any one here to-day tell me , that in that case a fresh declaration was necessary ? This , sir , is what I said , and do still say . Even allowing it to be only our simple declaration , the question is still the same . Our right , whether she liked it or not , remained equally entire . But , in addition to this ,