some secret engagement between France and Spain , which rendered it doubtful Spain could not consistently enter into any with Great Britain . That would in itself be a good and sufficient cause of war ; they tell us there is nothing in the treaty contrary to the terms of the neutrality with G. Britain , though we have nothing more to depend on respecting this , but their own construction of their own treaty , which they have uniformly refused to let us see , and on which , after the experience we have had , we may well suppose there is no reliance to be placed . Mr. Frere afterwards pointed out , wherein it was , that they might give the satisfaction required in the following terms , in his note of the 30th of Oct. : `` true it is , '' says he , `` that his Britannic maj. has received vague assurances as to the amount of the sums paid to France , but these assurances are insufficient to enable him to decide upon the 447 nature of the permanent relations which should subsist between him and his Catholic maj. ; especially , as , should these assurances be exact , no reason remains to refuse the communication of the treaty , since your excellency has assured me , that it does not contain any stipulations hostile to G . Britain . '' Thus , by a full and clear explanation , they might have satisfied his maj. 's ministers , and kept entire those peaceful relations , to keep and maintain which it had been the constant wish of his maj. and the uniform efforts of his ministers . By the conduct of the ministers of Spain , we have had a palpable breach of a particular agreement , made for the express purpose of enabling Spain to enjoy a state of neutrality or forbearance , or rather , as Mr. Frere says , a suspension of hostilities , which is an immediate cause of war ; and that event having happened , you had an instantaneous right to detain , or even capture , their ships , without any formal declaration of war taking place . An hon . gent . had characterised the detention of the frigates as nothing less than piracy . But till some new code was established among nations entirely different from that which now existed , he would maintain , it was an act exempt from censure . The non-performance of the condition required , precluded all necessity of a declaration . War was declared by the agreement , on the deviation from the terms . If there was not therefore a right of war on the general ground , there would have been by the convention . It was said , we knew , the contents of the treaty with France . It was true we had reason to presume what the contents were , and the reluctance to disclose them was an additional reason to suppose them hostile to us . Intimation of the general tenor of the family compact was given by the ambassador Stanley very early , but the conditions of it were not made known so soon , and when they were , they were found less hostile than was expected , because they did not involve Spain in the war then existing . There was in both cases a right to demand explanation.—Having touched on the most important points , he now , from a regard to the time of the hour , abstained from entering on many , which he would have wished to remark on , as they did not bear much on the main question . He concluded with saying , that laying his band on his heart , he thought the government and the country fully justified in the steps that had 448 been taken ; that there was no breach of faith , no violation of the law of nations ; but that the honor and character of the nation had been preserved and maintained throughout . He should therefore give his vote in approbation of