exact , either from the good nature of the right hon . gent , or any other who might fill his station , or from the authoritative influence of the house , the production of printed estimates ; for when so enormous a portion of the public money was to be voted , he thought the house had as good right to examine printed estimates , as upon any other head of public expenditure . congratulated the house upon the acquisition of a secretary at war , who possessed not only so much good nature as the right hon . gent , but so much of another quality , which he should not name , as to boast of it . However , he himself concurred in opinion with the hon . member who spoke last , that a great deal of unnecessary expence was lavished in the pay of inspecting brigadiers to the volunteer corps ; and these , too , were always at variance with the old field officers appointed to superintend those corps ; so that it was to be apprehended , their disputes would at length break out into something extremely serious to the public service . Brigadier-.generals might have been wisely appointed in the first instance , but it would be very unwise to continue them when they could be no longer serviceable . was of opinion , that any increase in the staff establishment , with a view to the improvement of the volunteers in discipline , by the appointment of brigadier generals , was wholly unnecessary . From his own experience he could affirm , that no advantage whatever had been derived from such appointments ; he therefore thought it imprudent to add , so 252 much to the public expenditure unnecessarily . stated , as the ground of this particular arrangement , that in the circumstances of the country it might have been necessary to collect a large body of troops to a particular point , and that large bodies of troops could not be marched on such service , without the assistance of brig , generals . Whilst there was such a case to be looked to , it was deemed right not to wait for their appointment till the moment when their services would be necessary , but to make the appointments some time before the occasion would be likely to arrive . As the defence of the country would ultimately depend , in a considerable degree , on the efficiency of the volunteers , he was sure the house would not feel indisposed to agree to any expenditure that was to be directed to that object . From the latest returns that had been received , it appeared , that the volunteers amounted to more than 325,000 effective men . Of that number 240,000 had been inspected , and were reported by the proper officers effective , and fit for immediate service . About 40,000 only remained yet to be in ? spected . After such a representation , he was confident the house would not consider the sum of 50,000l . an object to be put in competition with the great object of improving the discipline of that very respectable branch of our defensive force . admitted , that the sum was not very material ; but it remained for the right hon . gent . to shew that such an expenditure was necessary , or that it contributed in any degree to promote the discipline of the volunteers . In his opinion , without meaning to derogate from the character of the officers alluded to , the improved discipline of the volunteers was not at all owing to those general . Not one jot of that discipline was he disposed to attribute tp their orders or management . On the contrary , it seemed rather to proceed from the activity of the inspecting officers , who were as competent to forward those returns which were alleged as one cause for the new appointments , as any generals whatever . On the whole , he had much doubt of the propriety of such various appointments for the volunteers