trial was made ; but here all was submitted to experiment , on the large Scale , and chance and accident were exchanged for political Wisdom and security . The house ought hot to consent to be put off with experiment after experiment , merely to gratify the projector—The right hon . gent , however , lorded It over the regular recruiting , and alleged that his mode had been equally successful , if not more so , than the old mode of recruiting for the army . That , however , was one of the main , grounds on which he had from the beginning reprobated the right hon . gent . 's measure . He had stated all along , and it was now confirmed by experience , that so far from being an innocent bill , not Only could it do no good Itself , but it had even impeded the regular recruiting by not Only continuing , but even enhancing the bounties The right hon . gent , had complained that the measure had , in some respect , been treated with ridicule . He could not help thinking that there never was a bill so much entitled to be treated with ridicule , nor one where ridicule was so much the test of truth . If gentlemen had exerted themserlves to devise arty thing which should be calculated to excite ridicule against the govt . what could they have invented more likely to produce it than the mere project of recruiting the regular army by parish officers ? It was impossible to speak of It as a great and solemn political measure ; but , however laughable it might be in its origin , it was most grave arid tragical in its consequences . It was a little singular that to a measure of this nature the right hon . gent , had directed his attention to so little purpose . There was a species of vulgar produce , the turnip , well known hi the county with which be was best acquainted , that was well adapted to the poor soil , which extensively prevailed there : in the rich loams Of other districts it grew rank and degenerated . Perhaps a subject so plain and familiar as that which was connected with the present question was not suited to the fertile invention and warm imagination of the right hon . gent . There was a class of writers who had devoted much of then time to the contemplation Of picturesque effect , and in the selection of a place of habitation enquired not Where the greatest accommodation could be afforded , but where the eye 767 would be most exquisitely gratified . The right hon . gent , was liable to a perversion of intellect not very dissimilar ; he did not seem so much to consider what measures would most redound to the substantial advantage of the country , as what view he could present of them by his flowery speeches in the house of commons . The object of the present motion of his hon . friend was to avoid the most afflicting events . We were now thoughtlessly proceeding , squandering away the most valuable time . There was no ground for confidence , either from the merit of the measure , or from the authority and wisdom of those who adopted it . The right hon . gent , then concluded , by declaring , that he should have conceived the bill a bad measure , even if it had succeeded . It would , in his opinion , have gradually eaten up and undermined the ordinary recruiting for the army . It had , however , so completely failed , that he was convinced every gentleman who came up from the country in the beginning of this session , expected it would have been one of the first acts of the right hon . gent , himself to move for its repeal . said , he wished the bill to be adhered to . said , he would vote for the repeal of the bill ; but in