premium to such parishes as should not raise their quotas , and of course tended to prevent the execution of the bill . On the other hand , he observed , that if the penalties should be collected , the bill would succeed as a pecuniary , if it failed , as a military project . —Into a comparison of the-merits of the plan said to be in the contemplation of the noble viscount and his colleagues last year , with that now under discussion , he did not think , it necessary to enter ; nor if it were necessary , was he competent to it , as he was not acquainted with the entire nature of the noble viscount 's plan , as stated in the other house of parliament . One part of it , which he understood to be an augmentation of our black corps , he most cordially approved of , and should thank the noble viscount for carrying it into effect—But there was another part from which he begged leave to express his decided dissent , namely , the raising men for rank ; this was a system which he would ever deprecate , and one of which ho could not speak but with the most painful sensations , because experience had convinced him of that which he felt it his duty to acknowledge , that in the share which he bore when in his majesty 's councils , in advising the adoption of that measure , he acted extremely wrong . He therefore conjured his noble friend ( Mulgrave ) , to reflect upon the nature of that experience , and not allow himself to be led away from any consideration of local interest , or the prospect of local or temporary benefit , again to have recourse to that mischievous system . Feeling as he did with respect to such a system , he could not see without serious , regret from the papers on the table , that some men had been lately raised under it . He had heard some months since , that such a thing was intended , but he had hoped that the change of ministers would have put a stop to it , particularly as his noble friend always appeared to concur 507 with him as to the consequences likely to arise , or rather inseparable from that mode of recruiting . In defending the measure under debate , he observed , that his noble friend seemed to think that he had drawn a most satisfactory conclusion in favour of this plan , because he had succeeded in exposing the efficacy of the quota bill and the army of reserve bill towards the farther supply of the regular army ; but in this he conceived his noble friend to be begging the question , for he denied the bill under consideration to have any tendency to raise men . On the contrary it appeared to him to be merely a bill to raise money . He therefore objected to it , and regretted to observe the resolution of ministers to press its continuance , still more as they seemed to shew no disposition to bring forward any proposition for the efficient increase of our regular army . There was a plan to which he took occasion to allude in the course of the last session , he meant the recruiting of men for general service for a limited term . To this plan ministers did not then declare any objection , but merely required time to consider of it ; of this time they had since had enough , and yet no intention was manifested on their part to bring the plan before parliament ; but rather from what had been said to-night , it was clear that impediments would be thrown in its way , if it was submitted to the house ; and noble lords had said , that this plan had been tried already , and found to be unsuccessfull ; but he contended that it never had a fair experiment in the case alluded to . It must become the general ,