and the inefficacy of all regulations concerning it . No ; if he had , he would not have suffered the house to be without them to-night . Since the last regulations were passed , not a solitary instance of their violation could the hon . gent , produce . The surgeons ' bounties too had been claimed , he believed , in seven cases out of teu . The house were not called upon now to act from any particular circumstance He believed there was not a member who did not know , that if we abandoned this trade , it would go into other hands . He could prove , that at present there were five American vessels taking in a proper cargo , in order to enable them to carry on the trade to a greater extent . He could wish that evidence and counsel might be heard at the bar of the house ; but he hoped the wisdom and justice of the house would render that unnecessary . Did any man consider this as a mere abstract question ? No : it Was impossible ; every one must see this that its ultimate object was emancipation , and nothing could be more dangerous to our colonial system , than a discussion which involved such a question . Much had been said upon a former occasion about the claims which the Africans had upon out humanity ; but he would ask , what claims the native Africans had either upon out justice or humanity ? If they had forfeited all claim to the protection of their own laws , what claim had they to the protection of ours ? He was entitled to ask this , because there was now no charge made Of kidnapping innocent persons . The principal houses in the trade had established storehouses upon the coast of Africa , where the negroes were collected in considerable in numbers . That ; an importation of negroes was necessary to our colonies , 643 there existed no doubt in his mind , nor could any suppose that the population of the West Indies was sufficient for the purposes for which it was wanted ; and , supposing the abolition to take place , the only immediate consequence would be an increase of labour to the slaves upon the islands . Upon the ground of the policy of the abolition , he had heard no argument whatever in its favour , and certainly since , the regulations had been acted upon , it was neither politic , nor expedient . Was it upon the speculations of a few individuals that we were to give up our colonial system , or was this the time , at the moment when we were engaged in an expensive war , which was likely to be of no ordinary duration , to try the effect of speculative opinions ; was this the time to move such a question when we had seen the effect which had been produced by similar opinions in a neighbouring isle to our colonies , and when it must be evident to every one what extreme danger would be produced by the spreading of such a spirit in the West Indies ? Was not the West Indies a favourite object with Bonaparte , and would he not eagerly seize the advantage which our agreeing to the abolition of the slave trade would throw into his hands ? This was evident from his recent conduct . It was , however , of the highest importance that they should consider the extreme danger of holding out speculative opinions to the Blacks , whose co-operation would be pregnant to this country with every possible mischief . He could not avoid considering it as a remarkable circumstance , that , notwithstanding this question of abolition was brought forward , government had contracted for 5000 slaves , who were destined for military services ; a contract too which would not expire till February next . Such a measure seemed to hold out that one might buy a slave for a military use , but not for a civil use .