and cruelty that ever disgraced a civilized nation . He said he never conversed with an advocate of this traffic who chose to give a direct or serious answer to these simple questions.—Is it just to exercise this trade ? . Is it honourable to any govt . particularly one , the very essence of whose system is freedom , and whose highest boast is to secure it to the poor as well as to the rich ? Is it houourable in such a govt . to encourage or permit this trade ? — He repeated , that he never could obtain a direct or serious answer to either of these questions . One has said , `` you are mistaken ; the slaves are , in fact , very happy much happier than the labouring poor in England . '' But he omitted to state in what their happiness consisted —Another has answered ; `` would you have us drink our tea without sugar ? '' In other words , `` would you abridge us Englishmen of part of our comforts merely to avoid mak- 663 ing slaves of Africans ! `` —In this house the answers to such questions , or arguments connected with them , have been still more summary ; they have been denominated cant , or fanaticism : but in a Report of certain proceedings which had been sent to him , and which he considered as a sort of manifesto on the part of the planters , they are ascribed to malice ! — A desire to secure a nation of freemen from the guilt of devoting millions of innocent persons to slavery , has been construed into malice to the planters , and pretended humanity ! Now , he had not the least objection to this mode of answering the charges of injustice which were brought against this trade , because it is a virtual admission that no better answer can be given . In truth , the combined aggregate of human intellect would be inadequate to the task of disproving the injustice of this traffic . Were the belligerent powers of Europe henceforth to condemn their respective prisoners to slavery in their colonies , they would at least have this pretext , that those they enslaved were their enemies . But what pretence had we for enslaving the harmless Africans , who are so far from being our enemies , that they did not even know of our existence till they felt our tyranny ? On the ground of humanity , every topic of argument has been exhausted ; there is not a feeling of the human heart but pleads for the abolition of this barbarous traffic . On the point of expediency , if that is to supersede humanity , and every Christian virtue , it may , for aught he knew , be a fact in physic , that human blood is the best manure for land ; and let the slave-dealer , before he starts at the idea of making this use of it answer this question—which is the more merciful procedure , to bleed a man to death at once , or to flog and sweat him to death through every stage of lingering disease ? But on this ground of expediency , including the safety of continuing this trade , he begged again to refer to the Report from which he had already quoted , which contains a passage not less satisfactory than the mode it adopts of disproving the injustice of the traffic . The passage is this : `` it is admitted that the disproportion between the slaves and the inhabitants of a free condition , is one great danger arising from the state of the West India population . '' Now , sir , if any thing can be more gratifying than this candid admission , it is the answer to it , which immediately follows , namely , `` but we can- 664 not allow that this disparity is likely to be augmented by a continuance of the trade with Africa , or by a positive increase in the number of labourers from