it not lowered the excessive bounties which had brought regular recruiting almost to a stand ? And has it not in this way become a most important auxiliary to the augmentation of our disposable force ? Will it be attempted to be denied , that the recruiting is now going on with fresh spirit , since the evil of excessive bounties has been removed ? The hon . gent , has drawn a very strange picture of the state of our regular army , and has even endeavoured gravely to maintain , that since last year it has received no sort of addition or extension . I am really , sir , at a loss to know where the hon . gent , has been able to collect his information , for sure I am , it is not to be obtained from the papers on the table . But the hon . gent , seems so wholly intent on the repeal of this obnoxious bill , that he will not suffer his mind seriously to consider the subject in all its relations . Surely it is but fair that the hon . gent , who seemed so much disposed to look back to the period when the bill was not in a state of operation , should look to the time when it shall be in full activity . This , however , the hon . gent , seems to have no disposition to do , but satisfied that the measure is bad , he will not give himself time to see whether or not it actually does aid the regular recruiting . Now , sir , as to the state of our disposable force now , compared to what it was the preceding year , a very short statement will afford the house the clearest view . Here the right hon . gent , entered in to a statement to shew , that we had this year in disposable infantry , cavalry , and artillery , in addition to what we had last year , about 20,000 men . Having finished this , he proceeded : Surely , sir , this is no discouraging prospect , this is no illustration of the assertions of the hon . gent , that the state of the army is neglected ; this is no argument to prove 757 that the bill is that obnoxious , inefficient measure which the hon . gent , and his friends are so eager to represent it . The statement I have made is not indeed a direct argument in favour of the bill ; but it is at least a strong proof that the bill is not calculated to injure the regular recruiting , but on the contrary , to assist it in the most advantageous manner . It assists it by removing existing impediments , by destroying enormous bounties by putting a stop to the operation of the ballot , out , of which high bounties necessarily sprung . I wish gentlemen seriously to consider in what state the recruiting now is , before they are so clamorous for the repeal of the bill . Why , sir , I find in the month of Feb. alone , no less than 1495 recruits have been obtained . But it is not to that , month alone that I wish them to confine their attention . I have already mentioned that the number of men added to our disposable force during the last year up to the 1st of Jan. is 20,000 . Of these 11,882 have been added since June last , that is within a period of seven months . The whole of the addition for the preceding year has been only 12,000 for a period of 12 months . As far as experience can guide us , we have reason to think that we shall have annually 8 or 9000 added to our regular force by the operation of the bill , and according to the proportion of recruits obtained in the month of Feb. supposing the same proportion to go forward , we should have a total of 14,608 . Admitting