afford any other ? We had but the paltry disposable force of 30,000 men ; nor could we send even those to the continent , unless we determined to leave G. Britain with no other defence than the militia and Volunteers , and Ireland with no defence but the militia alone . The noble lord commented severely on the array of reserve act which he termed a wretched measure . It had been imagined by some , that if the defence act were repealed , recourse must be had again to the army of reserve act ; but of this there was no danger . He recommended strongly the recruiting for limited service , and concluded by declaring his hearty assent to the motion of his noble friend . defended the noble lord ? ( Hawkesbury ) from the charge of having said that parliament had no right to discuss military questions . His noble friend , who had arraigned this position with so much asperity , had totally misrepresented his noble friend , who said merely that parliament ought not to originate and devise military plans , unless in cases of the utmost necessity ; such as did not now exist . He denied that any such motion as the present had been adopted last year for no such motion had even been debated . For his own part , though he had concurred in thinking that some change in administration was necessary , he by no mean ever went so far as to think that all tin military plans of the late ministry should be repealed . Of the army of reserve ac bethought that it had been of essential service to the public , and that it was suspended , not because it was bad but be cause it was no longer necessary . H contended that the measure so much arrangued had not received sufficient trial and that what trial had taken place encou- 824 raged a belief , that it would produce men without impeding the other means of recruiting the army , But neither that , nor any other plan , could be effectual , unless pursued with constancy ; nor if it was thwarted by conflicting measures , and , enfeebled by doubts and uncertainty , as to its continuance . As then there was no necessity for entering upon a course of inquiry which was likely to obstruct , rather than promote the public safety , as the state of the national defence was such as to afford us a well grounded confidence of success , should it be called into action , he was decidedly hostile to the motion . defended the military system of the late administration , lie stated the motion , and contended that the latter part of it , which proposed that the house should , alter revising the existing laws on the subject , proceed to devise other plans of military defence , was highly objectionable . He did not deny the right of the house to do so ; but he was certain that nothing but the overbearing necessity could induce the house to assume the initiation of measures which , in general , it was adviseable to leave to the executive government The additional force act , he was convinced , would produce men if it had a fair opportunity of being tried ; And if parishes found that there was no chance of its being repealed , exertions for that purpose would be made . As to the raising of the penalties , the law possessed means of enforcing them , audit was just and necessary for the public service , that in this , as in many other cases , and particularly in cases of a similar kind last war , they should be enforced . Notwithstanding the charges of imbecility and weakness , so boldly made against the late ministry , they had done everything that any : men , that all the talents and property of is the country could have been expected to do for the public safety . As to the decay of the influence of this country