that liberty which had yielded only such baneful produce ; that if any , from the impulse of religion , were prompted to seek a change in the establishment , it was not possible for any Catholic to listen to any suggestion from France , on that head , after the mockery the French have made of all religion , and particularly after the late transaction , in which the Catholic religion has been impiously compelled to consecrate and sanction a power established by the hand that had profaned it . It was to be hoped from all the worse than bondage which has been introduced by republican fraternity , by the audacity of jacobinism , and the avowed despotism of the present government of France , wherever its influence could reach , that none could be found mad enough to seek alliance pregnant with so much mischief . But was it to be supposed that there was no minority in a part of the empire now indissolubly united , and he hoped never to be separated , which was still weak and wicked enough to cultivate such a connection ? Does the right hon . gent . forget what he has said when the disaffected few talked as if they had a majority . When the majority during last war was sounded in our ears , he told us that this majority was nothing but a factious minority , who forced many quiet and peaceable people to appear to serve our schemes and principles , which in their hearts they hated . There are grounds for the measure in question . But this is not all ; Ireland is a more distant limb of the empire , and therefore more exposed . This is the point to which our enemy has chiefly directed his attention , and , therefore , we are the more bound to take care that this point , the most important in the British empire , should be preserved from hostile aggression and secret machinations . What , then , is the next point to which he has adverted ? He has observed , that whatever may be the excellence of the lord lieutenant 's character , he ought not to be entrusted with arbitrary powers . If the excellence of the character of any individual were stated solely as a ground for entrusting him with extraordinary power , I should immediately allow 322 that the point could not be maintained . A necessity for vesting these powers must be first made ; but when the necessity presents itself , then certainly it becomes an important consideration to ascertain the character of the person who is to have the execution of the object intended by the grant of such powers . It is in this view I apprehend , that an hon . bart . ( sir J. Stewart ) over the way , has brought forward the character of lord Hardwicke . This argument of character was applied by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) in the course of last war with his usual talents , when he sat on the same side of the house with myself and when we acted in opposition to those levelling principles which we both thought subversive of the essence of good government , and a scourge to the civilized world.—I maintain in the present instance , that ah enquiry would be superfluous , and might be dangerous . It would be in the highest degree imprudent to disclose the sources from whence our information has been derived , and who that has attended to the state of Ireland can reasonably desire that they should ? I have the greatest confidence in the discretion of the members of this house . But , in a matter where the life of others may depend upon secrecy , I am sure that few would wish for a disclosure . The matter then rests upon the plain general grounds of notorious necessity , which has been touched upon . The notice has been short . The reason , however , of this is obvious . Notice was