elsewhere , within that part of G. Brit , called England , the dominion of Wales , and town of Berwick upon Tweed , of the annual value of 600 pounds , above reprizes , as qualified him to be elected and returned to represent the said county in parliament ; whereby the said election and return of the said G. B. Mainwaring were and are void , and the said G. B. Mainwaring is not capable to sit or vote as a member of the house ; and therefore praying the house to take their petition into consideration , and that the house will declare the said election and return to be void , and grant them such further relief in the premises as to the house shall seem meet.—Ordered , that the said petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday , Feb. 28 , at 3 o'clock in the afternoon . —Ordered , that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants for such persons , papers , and records , as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said petition . presented the army estimates for 1805 , with the exception of some papers relative to the volunteer service , and to the barrack department , which could not be made out in time . He observed , that as the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Windham ) whose motion on the military state of the country stood for Monday , had consented , with a view to facilitate the dispatch of public business , to postpone it for a few days , he would move that the papers he had just presented to the house should be taken into consideration on Monday next . Agreed to . wished to have the estimates printed , as otherwise it was impossible that they could be completely understood by every member of the house , on account of the difficulty that would occur from every member perusing one manuscript account . said , that he was extremely unwilling that any proper information should be withheld from the house ; but he suggested , that the printing of these papers would take up so much time , that little opportunity of examining them would be afforded previous to the discussion . observed , that in that case some degree of blame attached to the secretary at war for not bringing them in sooner . If the public service absolutely required that they should be discussed on Monday next , and if they could not conveniently be printed before that time , then be would acquiesce . But they certainly ought to have been presented in proper time to have them printed . It was impossible that the members of the house could accurately examine their contents while they lay unprinted on the table , and he should therefore think it his duty to persevere in his intention of moving chat they should be printed , unless it was positively 6tated , that this would be injurious to the public service . said , that it was never the custom to have them printed . The usual mode of proceeding was to lay the estimates on the table , and move for their discussion the week after . As he did not , however , wish to withhold any information from the house , he would not object to the printing . The papers were accordingly ordered to be printed . rose and stated , that as he by no means wished to anticipate the full discussion of the Spanish business , which was so soon to take place , and as he understood that no material objections were likely to be made to the motions which he was about to submit to the house , he should not occupy their time with many preparatory remarks . During the long negotiation which had preceded our rupture with Spain , much must have passed of which the house were yet ignorant . In the official correspondence that had been laid before them , there were numerous chasma which he wished to see