hon . friend has had recourse , on this occasion , to that which he himself so often baffled before , when used by my friends and me , and which the right hon . gent . calls a `` clumsy dilemma . '' But I would tell him , and my right hon . friend also , that it was not the dilemma we stated they succeeded in refuting , but it was the clumsy misrepresentation of that dilemma , against which they directed their objections . We never did maintain , that , while the majority was loyal , there could be no necessity for a measure similar to that now before the house . We never could have asserted any thing so absurd and clumsy , that the loyalty of a mere majority formed an argument against the adoption of any measures of precaution against the disaffection of a mere minority . We never even said that the loyalty of a considerable majority would furnish an irresistible objection to such measures . Our reasoning was uniformly grounded upon the degree and nature of the disloyalty alleged to exist , which we did not conceive such as to justify the harsh system of proceeding then pursued by the right hon . gent . But it suited the right hon . gent . 's purpose to give another description to our opinions , and against that other and unjust description his arguments were always levelled . The right hon . gent . and his colleagues appeared to me in every instance , to state insufficient grounds to call for the rigorous measures of the last war , but yet almost any grounds they urged at any time , were sufficiency itself compared to those that are laid for the measure now proposed . How is the state of Ireland described , even by those who support this proposition ? Why , that it is in general , and particularly in the province of Ulster , which is by far the most populous and important district of the country , and once the most suspected of disloyalty , as sound , as well disposed , and as loyal as any part of England . Here , then , we have a comparison made that enables us to decide as to the nature of the necessity that exists for the farther continuance of such a bill . Here we have a rule and measure to guide our judgment—and , what is most extraordinary , furnished to us by the very men , who , notwithstanding , assert the necessity of this measure . But their reason for the assertion is truly curious— '' because there are some disaffected 325 persons in the country . '' And where is it , I should be glad to know , that such persons are not to be found ? Are there not bad subjects of every kind to be met with , perhaps , in every part of England ? Yet , surely , no man will venture to alledge that as a reason for extending the operation of the measure before the house to this country . Perhaps , some one may be found to do so . Possibly the right hon . gent . may feel disposed to urge such a proposition . If he should entertain the wish , most certainly the adoption of the motion of the hon . bart . will afford him a most encouraging precedent . Unless it be pretended that the measure of justice which is due to the people of Ireland is very different from that which belongs to the people of this country , and that different , nay contrary principles of argument are applicable to the two countries , it can not be said that the English nation enjoys the least security against the suspension of its constitution at the will of any minister , if the motion submitted by the hon . bart . be acceded to upon such slight grounds , or rather upon no grounds whatever.—I have stated , that I see not the least necessity for this proposition ,