who laboured under a disease , what would a wise physician do ? He applied the remedy while the patient was capable of receiving it ; and thus stood the affair with respect to our West India 654 colonies . The fate of St. Domingo should be a serious warning to us on this head , and should deter us from adding daily to the number of blacks now in our islands : he spoke disinterestedly , for few estates were in greater want of additional slaves than his own . On a former occasion , he had suggested the idea of sending Sepoys from the East Indies to serve as troops in the West Indies ; and he was not without hopes that this suggestion had attracted the notice of government . It appeared to him to be a mode happily calculated to remove a considerable part of the danger justly to be apprehended from the further increase of Africans . After a few more observations , the hon . gentleman concluded with making a few remarks on the unanimity of sentiment among the planters of the West Indies , of which so much had been said . Without meaning the slightest disrespect to those gentlemen , he must remind the house , that the interests of various classes of people materially affected their opinions ; and it was not surprising that a set of merchants deprecated a measure , which , in their belief , threatened to prevent further extension of their commerce . —Sir ; I consider it as a duty incumbent on me to oppose this measure with all the ability which I possess . The question is such , that it certainly deserves the most serious deliberation , and the coolest investigation of the house , t trust , therefore , that the reasons urged against the measure will be heard and weighed with all that candour that becomes an assembly such as this . In the opening part of the speech of the gentleman who has just sat down , he said that now or never was the time to put in practice the measure of the abolition . Sir , I see nothing in the present time that , in this respect , peculiarly distinguishes it from former times . At all times , I have thought this a most ruinous measure , and the present time contains nothing to make me alter my opinion . In order to be convinced of the vast importance of this traffic in every respect , we have only to attend to the situation of Liverpool , and compare the state of that city with what it was not more than a century ago . Its population , about a hundred years ago , did not exceed 2,500 . This population carried on its trade in about 100 barks . Its capital was then about 10,000l . What is its state now ? It employs no less than about 5,000 ships , 655 manned by a proper compliment of seamen , the best and most expert in the British Navy . Its population is between 80 and 90,000 , and its capital consists of the number of its former thousands turned into millions . Yet it is certain that this amazing prosperity is almost entirely owing to the slave trade . This is certainly a curious time to put an end to the source from which the wealth and grandeur of a considerable city in the Empire is derived . Bonaparte has said that we can not contend with him single-handed : now , however , he is backed by Spain , and in all probability , Portugal will soon be ranged en his side . Are not , I would ask , our principle means of security derived from our seamen , and these are in a great measure , at least many of the best of them , procured by the trade of Liverpool . It is not a little astonishing , therefore , to hear any one say that this is the time for abolishing a trade which supplies us with so many seamen