been made by the learned gent , on the other side . There was a principle , however , laid down by the learned gent , that if the returning officer should not happen to be present at the committee who might report against his conduct , there would then be ground for hearing such evidence at the bar as such officer might feel it necessary to bring forward for his exculpation . If so , then the course proposed by the learned gent . 's right hon . friend was inadmissible . For it always would be necessary to establish a preliminary inquiry , according to the learned gent . 's principle , to ascertain whether the returning officer was present at the committee before the house proceeded to pronounce judgment upon him ; and in point of strict justice , this inquiry should also go to this point , whether the returning officer was present throughout , or whether his defence was not perfected before the committee had made their report . In the case before the house , he could say that the defence of the accused was not perfected , because the counsel for the accused did not conceive it necessary to sum up , and remark upon the evidence . Such was that learned gent . 's reliance on the 285 strength of his clients . To supply that omission was one reason why it ' was the ' wish of the accused to be heard at the bar , and he could state that those gentlemen would feel themselves hardly treated , if they were refused that hearing . It did appear that the case of the accused was but partially and collaterally taken up , and imperfectly heard before the committee , and they were therefore strongly entitled , from common equity , to be^ further heard before the house decided on their case . If the house proceeded to a discussion in the way proposed , it would be as well to pronounce judgment upon the accused , from the resolutions of the committee at once , without any review of the evidence , as such review would be superfluous . observed , that the counsel for the accused not having summed up and remarked on the evidence before the committee , was no fault of the committee . The noble lord thought the parties ought to be allowed to supply that omission by hearing their counsel at the bar.—In some farther conversation between Mr. Fox , Mr. Pitt , and the Attorney General , it was understood to be the intention of Mr. Pitt to oppose the hearing of counsel upon the question as to the guilt or innocence of the accused ; but that right hon . gent , observed , that upon the question as to the measure of punishment , it was competent to any member to propose the calling in of counsel . supported the motion . In animadverting on what had fallen from an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Sheridan ) he said , that if the sheriffs had not been fully heard in the committee it was owing to their counsel , for he understood that it had been a matter agreed between the counsel of both sides , that if the one forbore to criminate the sheriffs , the other would be less urgent in their defence . To this cause he therefore attributed the counsels not summing up the evidence in favour of the sheriffs , which the hon . gent . had alluded to . stated , that the parliament of Ireland had adopted also the Grenville act . But they had also gone farther and adopted it with an amendment . There , appeared here to be no particular law in regard to the returning officer , but the parliament of Ireland had provided by express act for cases of the kind now before the house * When the conduct of the 286 returning officer was made the subject of investigation , pare was taken he should receive due notice of it , and be accordingly prepared for his