however , rather unfortunate that there is not a single opprobrious epithet which the hon . gent , has now employed against me , which on almost every disputed point he did not lavish on me at that very period when he allows I possessed the confidence of parliament and the country , a confidence then expressed by four-fifths and nine-tenths of the country . The hon . gent , has thought proper to allude , too , to the composition of the ministry , and here I must again beg leave to wave the discussion . I desire the house and the country to look to the connections , to the constitutional agreements or differences , to the habits , to the general views of those who compose the present administration , compared with other connections of certain hon . gentlemen on the other side , and then I am ready to abide by their candid decision . The hon . gent , takes a great deal of merit to himself for the generous , magnanimous , and disinterested support which he afforded a noble friend of mine ( lord Sidmouth ) while at the head of affairs . I will allow that the hon . gent , did give my noble friend a few votes , most probably when they were not wanted , and my noble friend is doubtless under obligations to him for his magnanimity . I believe , however , the hon . gent , was not at all backward in giving his votes , when my noble friend was forced to resign the helm of affairs , and in this most likely he displayed his disinterested conduct . The hon . gent next passes on to another noble friend of mine , ( Lord Hawkesbury ) to whom 761 he applies a term which he could not have taken from any thing but the Jacobin code . That noble lord , he says , has been `` cashiered . '' How such a term can be applied to the change of situation to which that noble lord has succeeded , I am at a loss to conceive . An arrangement did no doubt take place in his majesty 's government , but that arrangement was made with the free will and entire concurrence of that noble lord , and it was never proposed with any other intention . How , then , can the noble lord be said to have been cashiered ? so far from my having ever harboured any thing like sentiments of disrespect for that noble lord , I have never , even when I disagreed with him on certain measures , felt the least diminution of friendship and regard for that noble lord ; and far from any abatement of attachment to him having taken place , it has since been encreased , if possible , by subsequent proofs of that character for which I so highly esteemed him . To the other insinuations of a similar tendency , which have dropped from the hon . gent , as they are wholly without any foundation , I shall make no reply : but thus much I have thought it necessary to observe , in vindication of their characters and of my own . But the hon . gent , seems to rely much on his appeal to the country gentlemen ; on them he confidently calls as under a kind of obligation to vote against the bill ; but by the motives from which he supposes that obligation to spring , the narrow motives of pecuniary considerations , I will never believe they can for a moment be actuated . I am not now to be taught what opinion I am to entertain of that most respectable class of the community . They are still distinguished in my opinion by the same sternness of character , by the same ardour for the honour of their country , by the same zeal for the public service for which they have always been so conspicuous , and confident I am that they will never act on the narrow and selfish principles ,