defence which had already undergone so much discussion , that he wished he could pass over it without saying any thing now , But he could not help saying , that all his former opinions were confirmed by 595 the additional experience he had had since be expressed them . They were further confirmed by the testimonies of the best authorities ; and here he hoped it would be hardly necessary for him to say , that he meant not the slightest reflection on those who composed the volunteer corps , who were ready to do any thing that was pointed out to them ; . who had taken great trouble to do what they were directed to do , under this system , and if they had not done what was best , it was not their faults . The volunteer system had many defects in every view , political , civil , and military . If the volunteers were designed to answer a sudden emergency , it was a misfortune that they were not left to accomplish their natural purpose in their natural state . He could not help thinking that some things had already taken place , which might be considered as indices of what would probably take place in consequence of the prolonged existence of the volunteer system . The country had not yet seen the volunteers , either under the circumstances of a general election , or a general scarcity With respect to the second point , that was by far of more consequence . He considered the volunteer system as altering the civil character of the people of the country . As to the civil character , he apprehended a general effect on the manners and habits of men , such as would be much to be lamented . It tended to disturb the general relations of civil life , to fill those who belonged to it with vain and extravagant pretensions , to bring down the high and to exalt the low . Though he was far from wishing for a revival of those aristocratic notions which induced men of high rank to look down on others with disdain , yet he was a friend to that respect which belonged to persons in the several ranks and gradations of life . History had a story of a prince who had a man to go before him , to remind him that be was a man , lest he should forget he was one ; and many political writers thought it a great advantage in our constitution , that our popular elections brought the great occasionally to sue to the humble , But extreme distinctions were not the vice of the present time . The vice was , if any thing , the other way . The toe of the peasant came too near the heel of the courtier . When committees of volunteers had the power of giving votes of praise and censure to those of the highest ranks , he thought a door was opened for much injury to society in a quarter where it was least apprehended . There was not a people in the world dis- 596 posed to shew more respect to the superior classes than the people of England ; he meant a dignified respect , having nothing slavish in it , a homage to imputed virtues . If these virtues were not equal to the credit given them , the fault was in those who were supposed to possess them , and the respect that was shewn on the belief of their existence , was not less honourable to those who paid it hen . as to the effect of the volunteer force on the army ; he did not think it could be the object of any considerable degree of confidence . If some battalions were equal to regular soldiers , and others were not so , it would be impossible to know when they were to be depended upon and when they were not . It was like those books of travels in which truth and falsehood were so-mixed , it was impossible to distinguish