, which is the distinguished characteristic of the British nation ? On these considerations , however interesting or important , I shall forber to expatiate until the papers are regularly before the house ; but it is proper your lordships should feel assured , that no disposition existed on the part of govt . to do that which may wear an appearance of rashness or precipitation ; it is also important it should even now be understood , that the transaction alluded to , though justified by every principle of the law of nations , or of self-defence ; is not necessarily connected with the situation in which the two countries are now relatively placed . I am happy in the opportunity of informing your lordships , that the point on which the noble earl 's principal doubt seems to hang , was literally acted on in the very manner he himself has suggested . An explanation was demanded from the Spanish govt . and a particular day fixed for the final answer of that court . The explanation demanded by our govt . was refused ; intimation of our resolution to detain their Ships was made ; 15 our minister at Madrid had applied for passports ; had obtained them , and had actually taken his departure , before the news of the capture of their , ships had reached Spain , I agree , however , with the noble earl , that both the justice and policy of the measure , and the mode in which it has been executed and carried through , are all subjects proper for investigation , but they will come to be judged of more properly when the necessary papers , are on your lordship 's table.—In regard to the state of the internal defence of the country , which forms the second part of the noble earl 's animadversions , I will , without any reference to what has transpired on former occasions , venture to contend , that , considering the circumstances of the country at the period alluded to , a more formidable and effective military force has been constituted than was firmed at any corresponding period of any preceding war ; and that the present state of our military preparations is positively unparalleled in the history of the country . It would be premature to go into minute details as to the state of the public force in the united kingdom , at this moment . I can , however , assure the noble earl , that in troops of the line , militia and volunteers , ready to take the field , it considerably exceeds 600,000 men ; and that under the operation of an act of parliament passed the session before last , commonly called the army of reserve act , the disposable part of that force has been increased to an extent , and with a rapidity beyond all expectation , and has proved superior to every other expedient . Before I sit down , I can not help expressing a sentiment of proud exultation , that after two years of war , in which the enemy has exhausted all his powers and resources to effect his determined purpose of invading our shores , he has been repelled by the menacing front which the vigour of this country has opposed to him . The spirit and zeal of the country never rose so high as it is at present , and that it has so risen , is owing to those blessings which every Englishman enjoys under the protection of our happy and glorious constitution . did not expect , after what had fallen from his noble friend behind him ( Earl Carlisle ) , that another word would have passed on the subject of the present address . As , however the noble secretary of state had thought proper to make some explanations 16 on the subject of the rupture with Spain , he must be excused for declaring that he Cordially agreed with the noble earl in thinking that it would have been more becoming the magnanimity and humanity of this great nation to