and notwithstanding that all those terms were 359 strictly complied with on the part of Spain , nevertheless , the Spanish govt . is again told , that their stipulated contingent in money must not be paid to France , without leaving the British govt . perfectly at liberty to consider such payment a legitimate cause of war , whenever they should find it convenient to act thereupon . Ministers were still farther reprehensible , after circumstances of personal irritation had occurred between Mr. Frere and the person who was supposed to have the greatest weight in the councils of the Spanish govt . ( the prince of peace ) , in having committed the remainder of the negotiation , after it became necessary for Mr. Frere to take his departure , to his brother and secretary , as chargé d'affaires ; a gentleman certainty of whom he should never wish to be supposed as speaking otherwise than with the highest respect , and who , however highly respected in his private character in this country , yet whose official rank did not bear that high estimation in the other courts of Europe , suited to the importance of such a negotiation , but least of all others at the court of Spain . Instructions were sent to this gent , to require , on the part of the Spanish govt . not an explanation , but the declaration of a disposition to explain certain particulars with respect to the treaty last entered into with France ; and in case of such declaration , that a minister properly accredited was to be sent to the Spanish court to enter into that explanation , and settle finally the question respecting the neutrality of Spain ; but Mr. Frere oversteps his commission , demands the explanation himself , is refused , and takes his departure ; and no accredited minister is sent to Spain to avert the consequences of this misunderstanding . Nevertheless , the Spanish minister at London , the chev , d'Anduaga , as soon as he heard of the departure of Mr. Frere from his court , waits upon the British minister for foreign affairs , is unable to see him through indisposition , addresses to him a respectful letter , signifying his readiness , notwithstanding all that has passed , to enter into negotiation , and prevent , if possible , all hostile extremities between both countries ; but to this letter he never receives the slightest answer , nor even the usual attention Of ordinary civility . Such was the treatment shewn to a high-minded and most gallant nation , who plumed itself on the observance of etiquette , and whose pride was wounded by the slightest appearance 360 of neglect . Such was the style , of the negotiation which ministers could boast of as being free from reproach ! Such was the . moderation which they bad shewn in this most delicate affair ! —But in this way was the negotiation managed until the cloud came over our heads and the thunder burst ; Admiral Cochrane wrote home to say , that there were 3 ships of the line apparently fitting out in the port of Ferrol . At the same time be wrote to Mr. Frere and to the governor of Ferrol . The Spanish govt. , had at once and unequivocally declared , that the sole object of this was to transport some troops to the bay of Biscay , where a rebellion had broken out ; and at the same time the governor of Ferrol had said , that as it gave him uneasiness the men should be put . ashore , and sent round by land , however inconvenient . Admiral Cochrane was not content with this , but said he should insist on receiving a detailed account of their being dismantled . The noble baron intreated noble lords to make this case their own , and say what their feelings would be if such language were used to a British admiral commanding at Portsmouth , because he had chosen to send troops round the coast in a few ships of