could understand it , much could not be expected from their sense of their duty under it . The bill passed on the 23d of June , and nothing was heard of it till the 13th of Aug. and then when it was supposed to be ready to go off like a spinning jenny , like the machinery of a thousand looms , not a sound was heard ; it was altum silentium . In- 602 stead of all this , you went about as quietly as ever , and people in their disappointment were every where enquiring , `` where 's the new parish bill ? '' Wonderful , indeed , were the effects of this parish bill , that was to work with such unprecedented local efficacy , and which had produced , allowing for casualties and desertions , the astonishing number of 665 men ! Yet this was the system which was immediately to produce all we wanted , and to afford a continued and full supply to 60 battalions . In what situation was the country , when the ballot failed altogether , and when no hope could be entertained of the measures brought forward to replace it ? It was not only a present supply that we wanted , but the means of constantly keeping up that supply ; 5000 men was the whole number obtained by the staff recruiting . The rest was obtained from sources reprobated , not as unproductive , but as unfit to have recourse to , as exhausting the permanent , hope like the savage who cut down the tree to get at the fruit . To pursue this system further , was to act like a man living on credit , and going on smoothly for a while , but who was obliged to shut his door as soon as the bills came in for payment . When were we to go back to the ballot ? the gentleman who had tried it last had stuck to it while it could produce any thing ; and now it was like a fallen minister , in company with whom nobody wished to be seen . The present measure had gone far beyond the ballot , except that the parish officers were not compelled to act , as it was not determined how we should proceed . They could not get the men , and ministers were afraid to take the money . It may perhaps be resolved to take it from two or three parishes , to quicken the others , by whipping them , just as the captain of a ship compelled the dropsical man to mount the mast , saying his complaint was but arising from indolence , till the fall of the poor man into the sea convinced him of the truth of his sickness by the loss of his life . Another complaint against this mode of recruiting was , that while it professed to keep the bounty below 201. the crimps who were generally employed , had the . 141. allowed by government , in addition to the 20l . making altogether 34l . for every man . Thus ingenuity came at length in aid of the parish officers , and obtained some men at an increased bounty . He therefore considered the experiment as haying completely failed ; and here he might say , what he 603 was sure the house would be glad to hear , that his task was nearly at an end . He had shewn , that as a means of improving cur military system , this measure was abortive . In nine months an increase of 11,000 had beep made . In the same period the losses at home and abroad amounted to 16,000 . Both these making 27,000 ought , and must have been supplied by other means , if these had not been resorted to . And if , on the whole , the increase had been equal to both these 15 or 16,000 , it would have been for the consumption alone , all the rest would be derived from foreign sources . Thus it appeared