the powers on the continent . We had no information of the nature of the services to be performed for it . It was vain to subsidize the northern powers , because , in order to make an impression on France , the co-operation of one , or both of the great powers contiguous to France was necessary . insisted , that the different bounties to which the committee and the hon . gent , alluded , on the exportation of printed linens and cottons , whale oil , refined sugar , & c. had no connection whatever with the duties imposed upon salt . The gentlemen who opposed this duty in the present instance , and even wished for the repeal of all the duties upon salt , would find themselves under very great difficulty to point out a substitute which would produce a revenue of 500,000l . and not be liable to much greater objection than this was . He denied that the duty at all had any application to the fisheries , which were exempted , and stated , that in the course of the present session , he hoped to be enabled to bring in a bill for the better encouragement and regulation of the fisheries . said , that when the report of the committee of 1801 was ordered to be reprinted , he thought there was reason to expect that it would have been before the house before the bill should be pressed -forward . He wished to remind the house , that in recommending the taking off the duty on salt , that the committee illustrated the advantages of it , by slating that all the prosperity of the Isle of Man was ow- 790 ing to the free exportation of salt , but since the union , the parliament of this country found it impossible to raise the same duties in Scotland as in Englandi When the union took place in 1707 , there was a salt duty of 6d . per bushel in Scotland , and from that time they never paid any duty till the year 1725 , when an addition was proposed , which it was aftewards found necessary to repeal . He contended , that the salt duties in Scotland could never be made to amount to more than 45,000l . a year , as there was a great chymical difference between the salt produced from sea-water in that country , and what was in England produced from springs impregnated with rock salt , insomuch that one bushel of Liverpool salt was equal to three bushels of Scotch salt . observed , that the difference to which the hon . member had alluded had been formerly considered by parliament , but that was done for the relief of the manufacturer , and not for the benefit of the consumer . As to the consideration of the northern fisheries , parliament would doubtless continue the same bounties to them as had been granted for a century past . The allusion which another hon . member had made to a situation in common life , was not exactly analogous ; in Ins opinion the comparison would be more correctly made with the situation of a sailor who complained to his captain of the hardships which he suffered while at sea in tempestuous weather ; and the captain gave him hopes that he should have better weather , and said that he then would have less labour . However , contrary to the expectation of the captain , the gale rose with considerable increased fury , when he had thought that it had nearly subsided , and the vessel sprung a leak . The captain then says , now you must do double work , for , if you do n't work away at the pumps , the ship will inevitably sink ; there is no other means of saving her . Now , if any other measure of equal benefit to the sate could be proposed , he should be very glad to hear it . said , that the policy of parliament had always been to spare , amongst