it might as well be proposed to abolish it at once , for all the horrors of the abolition would come upon them directly if these regulations were adopted ; the regulations were adopted however , and in a few months afterwards the planters acknowledged the 670 plan of them highly beneficial to their , interests ; and now they used the adoption of that plan as an argument against the abolition ; and the very same arguments they used against the regulations which they now profess to admire , they now use against the abolition ; all this , change in the sentiments of the planters , had taken place within 2 years ; for these reasons he trusted the hon . baronet , who , by the way , had not always been so great an enemy to theory on every occasion , as he had professed himself to be to-night , would not persist in his opposition to this measure on that account , and he thought it extraordinary that men of such acute understanding as the hon . baronet possessed , should fall into such an error as this ; the hon . baronet , in his dislike to theory , had overlooked the main argument on . which this measure was supported . He did not consider chat the population of the islands could be kept up by natural means , without any fresh importation , which had been proved to the house in detail by figures long ago , by accounts from the islands themselves . Whether tire , hon . baronet had paid any particular attention , or not , to the matter , most indisputably the fact was so ; that after all the resolutions should have been adopted which had been proposed , the population of negroes in the islands would keep up so as to supersede the necessity of any fresh importation , was a matter not now disputed . It had been clearly established in America that the population of this description doubled in 20 years . The same effect under the same regulations , would take place in the West Indies . He would not say what the consequences would be of adopting the plan he now proposed to the house , bat if any one would read the report of the Jamaica assembly , which he had read with attention , he thought such a person would not readily say this plan would make the condition of that island worse than it was at present , with respect to its negroes ; a situation into which they had brought themselves , for want of pursuing a plan similar to that which was intended to be tried under this bill , and which situation might be said to be that of being nearly in the jaws of destruction ; a great deal of this evil arose from the practice of those who were called the book-keepers , to whom this trade of importation was a profitable concern , and he believed to them only , but the general sys- 671 tem of it was as injurious to the true policy of the islands as the trade itself of importation from Africa was . repugnant to justice and humanity . It had been so clearly established to be impolitic to continue the system in Jamaica , that a gentleman of great discernment had advised them in that island to drop it , or suspend it for a while , as the only means of getting rid of a great deal of embarrassment , as had been done with effect in North America ; indeed , it was nothing more than proving the truth of the old proverb , `` that honesty is the best policy ; '' and he was persuaded , that however some men might flourish for a while , they would , by neglecting that maxim , find themselves in the end overtaken by absolute poverty . He recommended this Jamaica report to the house , by which they would see the foundation on which he made these observations . In the course of 20.years the