act , would ; have rendered the present bill unnecessary . From the whole tenor of the act , it was evident that its benefits were meant to be extended to all persons , not otherwise disqualified , who had been in prison previous to the 1st Jan. 1804 , and still continued there . Yet , by the wording of the oath required to be made by the jailors of the different prisons , with the list of prisoners in their custody , it is narrowed in such a manner as to seem to apply merely to persons who , during the period specified in the act , have been in that individual prison of which the person making the return is jailor . To rectify this narrowed interpretation of the act , and to give it the full scope which its other clauses imported 52 it was meant to convey , was the sole object of the present bill . In the court in which his lordship presided , numberless applications had been made by persons who had been in prison during the full period required by the act , praying for a mandamus on the keepers of the different prisons , to rectify their lists , according to the different circumstances of the cases which presented themselves . But , after the most deliberate consideration , and after a consultation of all the judges on the subject , it had been deemed beyond the power of a court of justice to afford that relief which , they were nevertheless convinced , it was in the contemplation of the legislature to have bestowed . Persons who had been in prison , probably in the Fleet , previous to the 1st of Jan. 1804 , and had afterwards been removed by habeas corpus to the King 's Bench , or vice versa , it was obvious from the whole tenor of the act , of parliament , were not meant , merely on account of such removal , to be excluded from the benefit of the act ; yet , on the other hand , it was impossible for the keeper of any particular prison to swear , as was required by the act , that a person so removed had been in his custody during the whole of the period specified , nor could any court of justice so far annul an act of parliament as to dispense with so special an enactment . In this situation , he had thought it his duty to endeavour to procure the earliest possible relief to unfortunate persons in the predicament he had mentioned . He was in his place on the day of the meeting of Parliament , had it been competent then to have brought forward the measure . He had been applied to by gentlemen desirous of extending the benefits of the act to persons not at present comprehended under it : but , however much he might have been disposed to concur in any measure of the kind , he could not conceive it proper to clog with such a burden the present bill , which was meant only to supply an omission , and to place persons in the way of profiting by the act who already clearly fell under its spirit and meaning , but were prevented , by the wording of a particular clause , from availing themselves of its privileges . He therefore hoped no delay would be suffered to take place in giving effect to the present bill , by engrafting on it measures with which it was totally unconnected.—The bill then went through a committee without any amendment , and was reported.—Adjourned . said , that he had given notice of a motion for Monday next , to inquire into the state of the military defence of the country ; but , it having been intimated to him , from the other side of the house , that it would be desirable to leave that day entirely open for the discussion of the Spanish business , he had no objection to postpone his motion to some future day , say Monday