bill . We are told that the bill has assisted the recruiting for the 779 regular army . But in what manner has it done so ? Is it not merely by the negative parts of it , by suspending the competition and the high bounties ? Acting with my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and acting under him , as I shall always be proud to do , we always said that such would be its effects , when this bill came into active operation , and yet this which is- now held out as one of the merits of the bill , was formerly ridiculed as the suggestion of a wild and fanciful imagination . Such are the miserable shifts to which the advocates of the bill are driven for arguments in its defence ! The right hon . gent has said , that the object of my hon . friend 's motion is the removal of a minister . The right hon gent . with great humility , professes his readiness to bow to the decision of the house , but I suspect he is pretty sure that such decision will not be against him ; for I remember , when he was rather more in danger last year , he was not disposed to be quite so obedient . I do think that the right hon . gent . is bound in honour and in generosity to state his recantation of all the opprobrious and contemptuous terms in which he spoke of the late administration ; for I do maintain , that whatever there is of vigour or energy in his military plans is solely to be attributed to the measures adopted by his predecessors . I am willing to admit that I was one of those who wished for the return of the right hon . gent to office , in preference to those whom he succeeded . The right hon . gent . therefore owes it to those who assisted in the overthrow of the late ministry , deeming them unfit for their stations , to shew that he is more able , more vigorous , and more energetic than they were . He owes it to his own honour and reputation , to furnish some better proof of his superior claims to the confidence of the nation than such a miserable bill as the present . No man is more disposed to subscribe to the great talents of the right hon . gent . than I am . No man , in the , course of the many years we have been opposed to each , other , has had more reason to subscribe to them ; but if any thing could allow me to entertain a doubt of the wisdom and ability of the right hon . gent . it would be the imprudence of staking his reputation on this bill , the operation of which does not furnish one argument which the partiality of friendship can possibly consider as the mark of an enlarged and vigorous mind . —It is not my intention , 780 sir , at this late hour , to trouble the house with many observations upon a subject which has been so amply discussed , and upon which the luminous speech of my right hon . friend has left me little or nothing to say . But if I did feel myself inclined to enter at large into the question , the gentlemen on the other side of the house would have no reason to conplain seeing that they have repeatedly , called for it . Nothing ; however , has been offered by them which in my mind , affects any one , of those fundamental principles upon which the bill is established , and I really feel a considerable difficulty in replying to the vague and unconnected objections which have been advanced against it . The gentlemen who have opposed this bill , have hitherto suggested nothing to supply its place , and I do hope and believe , that a large majority of this house will concur with me in