denied the position of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , who seemed to think that the deduction of one million from the three agreed on for the purpose of paying debts from France to Spain , was immaterial . That right hon . gent . had likewise not fairly estimated the equivalent which this sum bore to the contingent stipulated for . One million was at most not too much for the expences of 15 sail of the line , and the other million which was left for the equipment and support of 24,000 troops was not adequate to the purpose . G. Brit . could not maintain them for twice as much . How was this arrangement at that time viewed by England ? Will any roan assert , that it was then the intention of govt . to do any thing more than protest ? Govt . had principally argued the point on the instructions and dispatches that passed between our minister at Madrid and his court at home ; and not as they ought to have done on the notes and letters that passed between Mr. Frere and the court of Spain . From the tenor of such of Mr. Frere 's letters to M. Cevallos , as had been presented to the house , he conceived that that gent . had received his instructions from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , rather than from the noble sec . of state.—The hon . gent . here criticised several of Mr. Frere 's 425 notes , both on account of the manner in which they were composed , and of the matter which they contained , particularly one of the 2d Jan. M. Cevallos might well require explanation , as it was written in the most barbarous French he had ever met with . In his note of the 18th Feb. Mr. Frere drops the subsidy , and confines himself to the two points of the armaments , and the sale of prizes in the Spanish ports . After M. Cevallos had twice demanded explanation on this point , its not being pressed is an absolute and unequivocal abandonment of it , and on the 22d of March , M. Cevallos states , that he considers the neutrality of Spain admitted . He was at a loss to conceive on what ground Mr. Frere had couched his note of 18th Feb. in such strong terms . He certainly acted in direct contradiction to his authority ; for lord Hawkesbury , in his instructions of the 21st Jan. recommends him carefully to avoid bringing the negotiation to an abrupt termination . It was evidently the system of the then govt . of G. Brit , not to enter into a war with Spain , on account of her subsidy to France . Spain is said never to have given official communications with regard to that treaty ; true , but the progress of it was well known , and had been stated in every stage of it by Spain . With respect to verbal communications ; if we admit accounts of the conferences between the prince of peace and Mr. Frere , we must also admit accounts of those between our court and M. d'Anduaga . When the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer asserted , that the dispatch of the 29th Sept. afforded full evidence of a determination to revive a subject that had so long lain dormant , it appeared to him to be merely an assertion of the difference between a weak and puerile administration , and that of the rt . hon . gent . Compare these dispatches with those of May , in which our govt . clearly abandoned the subsidy as a cause of war , provided no armaments provoked them to hostility . But , say they , armaments did take place . If they were directed against England , it would require no argument to prove the unqualified right of England to make them a ground of war . What reply , however , did the governor of Ferrol make to