she did in the sequel , upon her own grounds . The conference with the prince of peace had this singularity in it , that to all the overtures made by him , Mr. Frere , in consequence of peremptory instructions from his court , declined answering any one of them ; he says `` my mouth is shut , I can neither converse with you in mj own name , nor in that of my government . '' He would put it to the noble viscount ( Sid-mouth ) how , if the case were reversed , he would have endured such treatment . Well might the charges of indecision and incapacity have been brought against the govt . Time , it was said , waited for no man ; opportunity , it may be as truly said. , waited for no one ; French demand and necessity could not wait for the tardy progress of negotiation.—His lordship having ' expatiated at some length , on the remissness of his maj. 's ministers with respect to the necessary instructions to Mr. Frere , proceeded to state , that the whole of that gent . 's mission , during the continuance of this negotiation , was marked by the same atyle of remissness , and that at successive periods he had been suffered to remain for 2 months , for 6 months , and even for 8 358 months together , without any , specific instructions from his own court how to act , but left entirely to himself ; and , at one time particularly , from the 21st Jan. until the 22d of May , when the noble lord retired from the secretaryship for foreign affairs , no instructions whatever were sent to Mr. Frere ; the consequence of which was , that he was treated by the Spanish ministry as a person not having the confidence of that court by whom he was accredited ; and he was constantly made to feel that they had weekly communications from their minister at London , upon topics of Mr. Frere 's own mission , but upon which he was totally uninformed , and thus incapacitated to maintain his station with due respect to his official character , or to act with the necessary degree of effect upon those with whom be was appointed to treat . Of the documents necessary to the information of the house upon this important subject , there was one which had been referred to , both in the notes of Mr. Frere and the chev . Cevallos , but which appeared not only to be lost but that even not one of the ministers concerned in the formation of that treaty , could remember any one article of the contents , more especially as the treaty was referred to as a convention of neutrality , both by the Spanish minister and British ambassador ; but of the merits of which convention the house could , not possibly judge , unacquainted , as they were with its specific terms . So far as the documents laid before the house served to throw any light upon the subject of neutrality , as to Spain , his majesty 's ministers had acted with the most shameful duplicity ; for , at first , it appeared from those documents , that the treaty by which Spain agreed to supply a certain military contingent to France , in case of a war , was recognized by his maj. 's ministers . But Spain professing the most zealous wishes , to avoid every thing like hostility towards this country , by a subsequent treaty with France , had commuted her contingent in military force for one in money , to which there was apparently no objection . Shortly afterwards the specific price of respect to the neutrality of Spain , as stipulated by Mr. Frere , was the cessation of every thing like armament in any of her arsenals , preclusion to the condemnation and sale of British prizes in Spanish ports , and the same treatment to British as to French ships of war in all her harbours ,