of the time of drawing for it , in order that all the merchants who might have occasion for the accommodation , should have sufficient previous intimation of it . They fixed the rate of exchange also , in order that such as should be disposed to offer , might be made acquainted with the terms . The sum first required was 200,000l . and the exchange was 11½ , the rate of the exchange at the moment ; but only 170,000l . were bought . The lords of the treasury , therefore , concluded that they had fixed the exchange at too high a rate , and proposed the next sum , which was also 200,000l . at 10 per cent . exchange ; but no more of this sum was taken than in the first instance , namely , 170,000l . They therefore , considered that to secure purchasers for the whole sums wanted , the exchange should be still further lowered , and in consequence they reduced it to par . Their motive in so doing , the house would observe , was not to give any bounty to any particular class of merchants , but to carry into effect the provisions of the legislature . Having said thus much in justification of the Irish treasury , he should add , that he had no sort of objection to any of the noble lord 's motions.—The motions were then severally put and agreed to . pursuant to his notice on a former day , rose to move for the production of certain papers , calculated to enable the house to judge of a charge made in a report of the navy board , on the subject of certain very large charges for the repairs of the ships Romney and La Sensible , while under the command of sir Home Popham , in the Red Sea . On a subject of such importance , he thought it incumbent on him , both consistently with his duty to the house , and in fairness to the hon . and gallant officer whose conduct was implicated , to state a few of the circumstances which induced him to institute an inquiry into the grounds of this charge . He hoped the house would do him the justice to believe that he had not taken up the subject on light grounds , or from hasty conclusions . It was not the rumours on this business , which had long met the public ear ; it was not till he had , for several months , seen a publication containing the most serious charges against the hon . officer , and observed , that this publication remained unanswered , that he had felt himself called upon no longer to postpone the consideration of a subject , in which , not only the 262 character of the Brit , navy , but the whole system of economy in the public expenditure , were intimately involved . Indeed , it was the less necessary for him to offer any apology on the present occasion , for while he was confident the house would never shew themselves deficient in a desire to uphold the honour of our brave defenders , they would evince a determination not less firm , that no officer , however high his character , or extensive his merits , should be suffered to waste the public money intrusted to his care , with unnecessary and ruinous prodigality . The house had shewn a disposition to act on such principles , in the appointment of the commission to inquire into naval abuses , and , he trusted , the same ideas would continue to regulate their deliberations . It would , surely , not be disputed that the whole duty of a British officer was not confined to his mere conduct in the hour of battle . He would never forget that he had other , and not less important offices to perform , in watching over the distribution of the national resources committed to his care , and that all accounts were to be passed from the validity of his assurances