gent . there was either inquiry , or something equivalent to it ; there was some message from the king , or some communication in the speech from the throne . Now there was nothing relative to this subject in the speech from the throne , and the speech on the address , which was generally supposed to be the production of his majesty 's ministers , stated Ireland to be tranquil . How then could it be said , after so short a lapse of time , that there was so notorious a spirit of rebellion as to preclude inquiry ? The Habeas Corpus Act having been restored since the rebellion of 1798 , he considered it now as suspended de novo , and that the consideration was a res integra ; unless , indeed , it was meant to rely on the affair of 1803 , which he was at a loss how to name ; the gentlemen on the other side styling it at one time a rebellion , at another time a tumult or insurrection , or a contemptible riot , as it answered their purpose . If the suspension was to be renewed every year without inquiry , it was better to extend it at once to six weeks after the termination of the war . Parliament would not do its duty to the country , if it refused inquiry , and rendered the constitution a mere nullity to the people of Ireland on such light grounds . said , that he did net rise for the purpose of now entering into the merits of this question , but to beg the hon . and 529 learned gentleman ( Mr. Ward ) , who dwelt so much upon historical precedents , to reconsider whether he was justified in the assertion , that no parliamentary inquiry took place on the subject of the conspiracy in 1722. said , that the dangers of Ireland had not been mentioned in the speech from the throne , on account of the notoriety of the case , and that the object was to prevent the recurrence of the horrors of 1798 and 1803 . If this act had been in force in 1803 , lord Kilwarden would not have been murdered . Certainly the loyal subjects had increased in Ireland , but that , he said , was no reason why they should be taken less care of now than formerly ; but who was prepared to say , that there were , no jacobins there , ready to help the cause of France ? He cautioned the house against the opinions of such as would make such a desperate assertion . The jacobins who destroyed the French monarchy were not very numerous , nor were they in Dublin when they murdered the lord chief justice , and many others of his majesty 's subjects . They might still do great mischief , if that house did not pass this bill , which the loyalists of Ireland expected . It was a serious measure , but the loyal part of the people were not safe without it . He saw no necessity for an enquiry . argued in favour of the bill , from the notoriety of the necessity , especially in his part of the country , where a gentleman could not let a farm to anew tenant without the chance of his being exposed to death , or some severe calamity . Numerous atrocities were committed , yet people dare not come forward to detect and punish the perpetrators . It was a melancholy consideration , that it became necessary to put a number of persons out of the pale of the constitution ; but the only question was , whether it should be the loyal or the disloyal part of the nation ? supported the suspension . He said if me notoriety was denied , the country was lost ; he did not see how we could get on . He complimented the talents of the noble lord who moved the amendment , and praised his parliamentary management , in avoiding the meeting it on its original