should be necessary ; but , that he did not think it necessary to vote its continuance before any occasion for that measure should appear . He did not hesitate to say , that the reports of the commissioners had been attended with much benefit , neither had he any difficulty in declaring , that , if there was not sufficient time before the close of the session to terminate the investigation referred to them , their powers should be further continued . But it did not now appear that the remainder of the session would not afford sufficient time . On the review taken by the hon . and learned gent . himself of the subjects proposed for enquiry , only one of any great importance remained uninvestigated , that was the victualling department ; the transport department and the others were of inferior importance . He saw no reason , however , to suppose that the commissioners might not be prepared to make their report of the victualling office now , nor that they had not at intervals turned their attention to the other remaining subjects of inquiry , on which no report had yet been made , in such a manner as to leave little to be done to make up what they would submit to the house respecting them . He thought it right , therefore , to wait till a more advanced period of the session , and then if it should be necessary , he should have no objection to the continuance . The hon . and learned gent . had thought proper to allude to another commission , which he considered as disrespectful to the house , though it was not very easy to see on what such an opinion was founded . The object of that commission was to carry into effect every improvement ! which the reports of the commission had ' suggested . It was rather singular , there- 681 fore , to hear it asserted , that a commission professedly appointed for purposes of reform , was at all to be viewed as disrespectful to the dignity , or discordant with the duties of parliament . Seeing no reason then for pressing the hon . and learned member 's motion at present , and conceiving , that if the circumstances of the case required it , there would be full opportunity afforded for renewing the term of the commission , he felt it incumbent on him now to conclude , by moving the other orders of the day , wished every success to the motion of the hon . and learned gentleman . He professed the utmost respect for the late first lord of the admiralty , and declared , that in his opinion , his exertions to reform the abuses in the naval department were highly meritorious . From the time he had first directed any pan of his attention to public affairs , he had seen reason to believe that naval abuses of the most flagrant description existed , and the noble lord deserved the gratitude of his country for his endeavours to extirpate them . The noble lord had fought our battles abroad bravely , successfully , and skilfully , and not satisfied with these exertions , he had set about the reform of abuses which were not only a disgrace to the board of admiralty , but a disgrace to the very character of the country . He thought the commission for promoting this great object an excellent one , and he should certainly vote for the motion . admitted that the commissioners of naval enquiry had done some good , but thought that their enquiries ought not to be carried on as they are at present . They had erected themselves into a kind of criminal tribunal , and heard and condemned on ex parte evidence . The member was proceding , when lie was called to order . said , that if the hon . member wished to arraign the conduct of the commissioners , the regular way would be , to move a day for the consideration of the reports on the