gentlemen who bad spoken , had talked of a contract which govt . had made for purchasing 5 or 6000 slaves in Africa . He had heard of no such contract ; and did not believe there could be such a one existing . Such a proposition was made to govt . and the suggestion came from the West Indies ; but it was immediately rejected . He believed the govt . had never conceived the idea of buying slaves for their use , as had been represented : their idea was very different , it was to purchase the redemption of those persons from a state of slavery whom govt . wished to employ as soldiers . This was an idea totally different from that of becoming purchasers of slaves , and would not be inconsistent with any opinion that might be given on the general question now before the house for the consideration of its members . stated , that a proposition had been made from govt . to a merchant at Liverpool for the purchase of a number of the blacks alluded to , and he could tell the right hon . gent , that whoever accepted the contract , the blacks would be purchased on the coast of Africa . Of course his original statement on this subject was not incorrect , proceeded to reply , and observed , he never had any idea of treating this traffic otherwise than as a traffic in consistent with justice and humanity ; nor 669 was it at the present less so in his estimation than at former periods ; although there had been many regulations in the trade , and gentlemen who had uniformly opposed him in his endeavours to abolish the trade on the ground of inexpediency , agreed with him as to its being a trade which was inconsistent with justice and humanity , no difference existed between him and the greater number of his opponents but whether the abolition should be gradual or immediate ; and , therefore , he apprehended there were but few , indeed , who would not agree that the trade was unjust and inhuman ? and yet many gentlemen were too much in the course of pursuing a system , mentioned very properly by an hon . gent , on the other side of the house ( Mr. Fox ) that of using the argument of a gradual abolition , when the question of abolition came on in any shape , as a sort of argument in store to be used against any abolition whenever it was proposed ; and accompanying it with a common-place observation , that the time was not fit for the Agitation of the question . Now , if these gentlemen were sincere in their declaration , that the slave trade was contrary to justice and humanity , and that a gradual abolition of it was practicable , he hoped some of them would do what none of them had yet offered , in the event of this bill being lost , which was to propose some plan of their own , for such an abolition as they thought practicable , and suitable to the present time ; and he assured them they should have his assistance in any measure of that nature , if it should appear to him to be in any degree reasonable ; this he hoped some of these gentlemen would do , if they were in earnest in their professions on the slave trade . He took notice of this observation * of an hon . hart , ( sir Wm . Polteney ) who had considered this subject as a theory , and he said , that the objection to the bill as a theory was an objection which might as well have been , and indeed Had been applied to all the regulations which took place in the trade , such as those in the middle passage , and other provisions of the like nature . He remembered the house was told when these regulations were before it , they would be the means of raining the trade ;