men be seduced ? By what artifice could they be duped to attend to the notion that this term of enlistment would induce desertion ? A contrary consequence was , in his judgment , to be looked for ; but if a man should desert , let him be obliged to serve for two of the ordinary terms , or during his life . From some officers who had travelled in Germany , he understood that it was extremely difficult to persuade the soldiery to desert , because , as they said , the term of their enlistment was soon to expire . Why should not a. similar reflection produce a similar unwillingness to desert among the soldiers of this country , if the same plan of enlistment were adopted ? The parish bill , he was persuaded , would have gone on better , if this term of enlistment had been promulgated , because the influence of the gentry would have been more cheerfully employed to induce men to enlist , if they had been aware that the men were only to serve for a limited time.—That reasons could be urged against the propriety of considering of some means to augment our regular army , which was the object of his motion , he was and a loss to imagine . It was confessed , that all the ordinary means of recruiting were at a stop , and that the 614 parish bill had failed . With this confession before the house , how could , resistance to the motion he had to submit be justified ? He recommended the adoption of a few plain principles , which must tend to increase the consequence and comforts , and of course the numbers of the army . Several expedients had been tried , and all , including the parish bill , had notoriously failed . He trusted that all gentlemen who had these failures in their recollection , would join with him in endeavouring to devise the means of rescuing the army from that ill-judged and mischievous system in which it was involved by those who had had the management of it for the last 30 years . Now that necessity so imperiously called for the revision of this system , he hoped that it would not be objected to.—With respect to the foreign corps in our service , in the present state of the country he approved of the existence of that body , and if we could combine with it a strong disposable force of our own troops , he thought we should not be obliged long to withdraw ourselves from the continent , nor to shut ourselves up like a , tortoise in its shell . This shutting ourselves up so long , he considered one of our greatest misfortunes . He hoped we should hear no more of the fantastical doctrine that `` we were a people too honest for continental connections . '' We had appeared to withdraw ourselves so much from even the feelings of the continent , that Europe might fairly say , that while we were engaged in our commercial pursuits and in collecting wealth , we were offering them money to fight for us . As he considered the state of our army to be that which had placed us in that situation , and that the increase and improvement of our army could alone bring us out of it , and that no time was to be lost in struggling to effect our release , he felt it his duty to move , `` That it be referred to a , committee to revise the several acts passed during the two last sessions of parliament , for the Defence of the Country , and to consider of such other measures as may be necessary to make that defence more complete and permanent . '' On the question , being put , said , however be might differ from the arguments and sentiments ; that had been stated by his right hon . friend , he did not differ with him as to the grounds upon which he proposed the motion