were more universally felt and acknowledged , disagreed with the hon . bart . on this point , and hoped the house did not stand so low in the estimation of the public as to be obliged to prove its disinterestedness by a paltry sacrifice of this nature , which would be of no serious importance to the revenue . In fact , this privilege of members was to themselves a mere feather in their cap ; a thing that was pleasant to them , as giving them a power of conferring small favours , and ; as had been before observed , was almost the only little privilege that belonged to them , as members , which was independent of the favour of ministers . But with respect to the public , this privilege was important . It occasioned a much greater intercourse between the members and their constituents than there would otherwise be , and therefore contributed to give them more information of the wishes and ; true interests of the public . This was not 570 all ; to his knowledge that little privilege had in many instances called forth literary talents , or kept alive correspondence that v would otherwise have died away , without any advantage to the revenue . He was sure that this had happened in many cases when he had used his privilege of franking , and he was also sure that other members could from their personal experience confirm the truth of the general observations he had made . supported the expediency of the privilege of franking , but not altogether for the reasons given by the right hon . gent , who spoke last . The privilege was one that afforded a very great accommodation to the public . It enabled the members to carry on the very important business of their constituents , and frequently they must have various and extensive transactions to discuss . Hence the privilege was not only a distinction , but a most useful , if hot indispensable appendage to the function of a legislator . As to the saving that could accrue from the abrogation of the privilege , that again was , in the view of the subject of revenue , the least considerable in the world ; for it would not amount to more than 40,000l . a year . He did not , however , by any means wish to tax agriculture heavily ; and the tax under consideration had no such tendency . No man would think that arable farms would , by this increase of seven shillings and six-pence on the tax on horses used in husbandry , be taxed so as to injure agriculture , or induce the farmer or landowner to discontinue employing all the capital he now employed in arable farms . He agreed also with the right hon . gent , that no such mark of disinterestedness was required of them by the country . The fact was , that in the whole history of parliament , there never was a time when so great a proportion of the taxes were thrown on the higher orders of the community . was ready to give the right hon . gent , every credit for the disposition he had always shewn to relieve the lower orders from the weight of the burdens of the state . hoped the right hon . gent , would take some further time to consider on some of-these taxes . He agreed with the hon . bart . who had just sat down , as to the duty on horses used in agriculture , and , that it would prove a great check to it . He-referred to what passed last session 571 en the corn bill , and begged the house to remember , that it was then held forth as necessary to encourage the farmers to grow as much corn as possible ; end this lax would , he feared , operate contrary to that desirable purpose . in reference to the tax on property , mentioned the case of one who should have much underwood , but which would