proceeded upon strong and cogent grounds , with out which , a step , which might otherwise appear tinctured with cruelty and inhumanity , would not , he believed , be taken . He did not mean to propose any specific proceeding as to the affair in question ; but he held it as a part of his public duty , to call the attention of parliament to the fact he had adverted to . He was the farther induced to this , when he recollected the confidence reposed in him on the occasion ; by the noble earl then at the head of the admiralty , even under his own responsibility . He repeated 717 his opinion , that neither the noble earl , nor any of those respectable persons , who constituted the board , over which he presided would deprive the individuals in question of their situations , without strong and adequate grounds . He was persuaded it had been the result of diligent investigation and a conviction , that the continuance of such persons in their situations was , so far , incompatible with the public safety . Under these impressions , he had called their lordships ' attention to the circumstance , and should beg leave simply to move , 1st . That a list of the names of such artificers as were discharged by the commissioners of naval enquiry in April 1801 , in consequence of a mutiny then existing , be laid before the house . And 2dly . A list of the names of such artificers as may have entered into his majesty 's dock-yards , as they have respectively reentered . '' apologised for his absence yesterday . He had been , he observed , but of town , and had not heard of the noble earl 's intended motion , in time to arrive at the proper hour yesterday . He hoped their lordships would deem him incapable of any thing that might , however remotely , appear disrespectful , either to their lordships in general , or to any individual peer ; more especially on a question in which , to a certain degree , his own conduct might appear to be implicated . Upon the motion of the noble earl , after what he had perused , he had little to say , as it was not his intention to resist , substantially , the production of what was required ; and , for reasons similar to those assigned by the noble earl , he should refrain from entering into any detailed considerations of what had been referred to . In doing this , he felt but one reluctance , which was , that , as the noble earl had avoided speaking of himself as little as possible , in which he followed the same line which had distinguished all his life , he should have no opportunity of reciting circumstances , which would redound so greatly to the noble earl 's honour , in his capacity of lord lieutenant of the county of Devon . In another point of view , he was of opinion , that , to enter into the details alluded to , would be improper , as it might produce mischief , but could possibly produce no good . Upon that ground , if any thing had dropped from the noble earl , tending to shew a disposition to make the result a subject of farther enquiry or 718 proceeding , he should have taken the liberty to ask the noble lord what his intentions on that head were ; as he might , according to that answer , find it his duty to lay other documents for the perusal of their lordships , and to enable them fully to understand the subject . His only reason for making these allegations at present was , that if , after the required information should be laid before the house , any farther motion or proceeding should take place in consequence , he should reserve to himself the power of moving for any other documents that he might conceive necessary for the full illustration of