did that avail ? Could that circumstance render their detention lawful f Mr. Frere had never intimated to the Spanish minister that such was the intention of our govt . But what was still more remarkable , and might afford greater ground for calling the integrity of the intentions of our govt . into question , the register ships , it was well Known , were then expected . Mr. Frere , as well as every person else , must have been aware of that circumstance , and at this very period is , he found all at once using decisive language and insisting on having his pass- 347 ports.—His ldp . after noticing several other topics , in which be animadverted on the conduct of his maj. 's ministers , from the commencement of the negotiation , to the actual exercise of hostilities , concluded by moving an amendment similar to the one moved this day in the House of Commons by Mr. Grey , to which we refer the reader . The original motion for the address , and the proposed amendment having been put from the woolsack . rose , for the purpose of supporting the address . The noble viscount said , that he saw no difficulty whatever in justifying the grounds of the war . With respect to that part of the papers now before parliament which more immediately referred to his own conduct while in power , and that of those who acted with him , he found it needless to go into any length of discussion . As to the grounds of the war , he had no hesitation in saying , that if ever there was a time when the policy and necessity of a war were justifiable , it was the present . The govt . of this country had acquitted itself with great propriety and great honour on the occasion . He rejoiced in that system of patience and forbearance which had been adopted by the British govt . from the very commencement of the discussion between the two courts till the rupture which followed . At no period of his life did he feel more satisfaction than at that in which he spoke ; because he could conscientiously support those measures which reflected so much honour on the liberality of this country . Our govt . had not only discharged its duty to the public with great fidelity , but had taken special care that we should not injure the interests of our old and faithful ally , Portugal , in the discussion which had engaged the attention of the ministers-of the two countries . The system of patience and forbearance which had distinguished our proceedings towards Spain , was so connected with the safety and happiness of Portugal , that our ministers were under the absolute necessity of acting with the greatest delicacy , watchful at the same time of our national honour . They had triumphed in the result . If that system was commendable and wise in policy towards Spain , how much more was it in preserving our interests with Portugal , by preventing an immediate rupture between the latter and France ! But the period had not then arrived when France was to force Spain to break its neutrality , and therefore the latter was allowed to conduct it- 348 self towards us with apparent friendship.—No vindication , his ldp . thought , was requisite for the part which he and his colleagues had acted at the commencement of the discussion or negotiation ; neither was there any particular necessity for vindicating the measures which had been pursued by their successors in office . He would , however , with the permission of their ldps . merely refer the house to the first letter of his noble friend ( Hawkesbury ) dated 2d June , 1803 , in which his ldp . lays down the line of conduct to be then adopted by Mr. Frere . In that letter his noble friend strongly recommends the greatest respect to the system of neutrality then apparently resolved on by the Spanish govt . ; he states