the omission . The fact was , he believed , that the same conduct had taken place uniformly at every election for Middlesex , and that the reference to the land tax , assessments , for many elections past , had been reserved for the scrutiny ; but this fact the committee were best acquainted with . had some doubt whether the amendment proposed by the right hon . gent . could be agreed to consistently with the report . The evidence , as well as he could recollect , did not prove that the sheriffs refused the reference , but that they would not stop the poll for it ; and they certainly bad not facilitated , the reference to the assessments , which was left to be made in the particular booths . proved from a passage in the evidence given by Mr. Adolpbus , that the sheriffs had declared it not to be their duty to examine the books of assessments , and had refused to refer to them , and he therefore supported the amendment . said he had already stated what he now begged to repeat , that the evidence of Mr. Adolphus ought not to be considered as conclusive by the house . also cited some passages from the evidence , to shew that the sheriffs had not attended to a request on the part of Mr. Mainwaring , that they might refer to the assessments of the land tax . The house agreed to the amended motion ; `` That the said R. A. Cox , and sir W. Rawlins , knt . by then conduct and practices at the said election , as stated in the foregoing resolutions , as well as by refusing to refer to the assessments to the land tax , have acted in violation of their duty , contrary to law , and in breach of the privilege 's of that house . `` —It was then ordered , on the motion of Mr. Rose , `` That the said R. A. Cox , and Sir W. Rawlins , knt . for their said offence , be committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate , and that the speaker do issue his warrant accordingly. '' —Adjourned . submitted a motion to their lordships , as part of which he read the allegations which he brought for- 856 ward at the commencement of the session against Judge Fox , the tendency of which was , that they should be referred to the committee of the . Lords to whom the petitions of Mr. Hart and others , against the hon . judge , had been referred . expressed his regret that the subject had been ever brought forward before their lordships in the shape in which it appeared to stand ; but now that they had taken it into , consideration , he thought it incumbent on them to proceed to a conclusion , and either to acquit or convict the learned and hon . gent . whose conduct was the subject of the charges or accusations , or whatever , other names were given to them . He sincerely lamented that such a precedent had been established , as that one of the judges of the land should be called upon to answer the allegations of any member of that house , however respectable , and particularly as the matter of those allegations was not within the immediate knowledge of that noble lord , but taken upon the bare assertion of those whose authority should be received with some diffidence . If it were competent to the noble marquis to do this , by parity of reasoning , any of the 658 members of the other house might call upon any of the judges , or even the lord chancellor , to answer to charges which , perhaps , might ultimately prove to be unfounded . What a situation , therefore , would that of those persons , chosen on account of their experience , ability , and virtue , to administer the laws , be , if , on the solitary allegation of any of the