trumpets , beat the drums . Whether or not there was a Timotheus of their party report does not say ; the jolly God however was not absent . There , like Alexander , `` he seized a torch with fury to destroy , '' and if he did not succeed , I suppose it was because there was no Thais at Walmer to lead the way.—The right hon . gent . has thought fit to allude to the support which I gave to the noble lord ( Sidmouth ) now at the head of his majesty 's council , when that noble lord was chancellor of the exchequer . He represents it as an insiduous and hollow support . I hope it is not my character to give any support of that description . He says I gave the noble lord a few votes when I knew they could be of no use to him , and that I opposed him when my support could alone have been of advantage to him . I say that this charge is contrary to fact . I gave my support to the late administration with the most perfect good faith , and I know that the noble lord has always been ready to 785 acknowledge it . But , supposing I had not supported him with fidelity and firmness . What then ? I never had professed to do so , either to that administration , or to this house . I supported them because I approved of many of their measures , but principally was I induced to support them , because I considered their continuance in office as a security against the return to power of the right hon . gent . opposite me , which ever appeared to me as the greatest national calamity . If , indeed , I had recommended the noble lord to his majesty ; —if I had come down to this house , and described the noble lord as the fittest man in the country to fill the office of chancellor of the exchequer , because it was a convenient step to my own safety , in retiring from a situation which I had grossly abused and which I could no longer fill with honour and security ; —if , having seduced him into that situation , I had afterwards tapered off from a promised support , when I saw that the minister of my own choice was acquiring greater stability and popularity than I wished for ; —if , when t saw an opening to my own return to power , I had entered into a combination with others , whom I meant also to betray , from the sole lust of power and office , in Order to remove him ; —and if , under the dominion of these base appetites I had then treated with ridicule and contempt , the very man whom I had before held up to the choice of my sovereign , and the approbation of this house and the public ; —then , indeed , I should have merited the contempt and execration of all good men , and should have deserved to be told , that I was hollow and insincere in my support , and that I had acted a mean , a base , and a perfidious part.—The house then divided , when there appeared , For Mr. Sheridan 's motion 127 Against it 267 Majority against the motion 140 from the chief secretary 's office in Ireland , presented an Account of the Pensions granted ort the Irish establishment , together with the dates and amounts of the same , and the lives for which they were granted , up to the 1st of January , 1805 . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Bully , from the exchequer , presented an account of the sums issued by his majesty 's command , in pursuance of addresses of that house , and not provided for by parliament-Ordered to lie on the table—Mr . Kinnaird presented several petitions from the inhabitants of the towns of Perth , Sterling , , and Dumfermline ,