they must be immediately involved in war ? Besides , the subsidy furnished was larger than the force to be supplied , and was evidently meant for the annoyance of this country . Our govt . acquiesced for a time : but it was expressly stated that such a system could not be allowed to be permanent . He did not blame the mode of terminating that discussion , as we certainly had a just ground for war , however some might say that the grounds had been altered . He could not , however , discover any abandonment of our positions , after the war with France , or any agreement that Spain should enjoy the neutrality which she proposed . There was only this , that when our minister confined himself to two specified conditions of neutrality on the 10th of February , Spain might say that every other point was given up , and in this view of the subject he wished that this sort of interpretation had been protested against on our part . He wished that when Mr. Frere found the sense in which his propositions were taken he did not immediately afterwards explain precisely in what sense he meant , them by which all future cavil would have been avoided . The learned gent , had quoted , several authorities , but 422 he wished to know where that learned gent . had discovered that the suspension or no usage of a right extinguished that right ; he contended that the direct reverse , was the truth . The subsidy , as he before said , exceeded the contingent ; the1 amount of the subsidy might be known by our ministers ; but the secret articles of the treaty could not ; these were carefully concealed , and for what purpose ? was it possible that if it was merely to substitute a subsidy for a contingent , there was any occasion for all this mystery . It would have been an easy task to calculate the sums which ought to be paid for any ships , or regiments , in reals or dollars , but by this denial of communication , Spain confessed that she paid more than her contingent . France , indeed , had given Spain no option , and consulted her own convenience by having the money brought to Paris , where a loan was negotiated for the purpose . The armaments in the ports of Spain had been denied in that house , but were they denied by the Spanish minister ? on the contrary , the armaments in Sept. though denied in that house , were not denied by the minister at Madrid , or the ; Spanish minister here . They said they were not directed against this country ; but we had aright to doubt and to require a different statement of the grounds of these armaments . If they were intended to transport troops from one province to another , why not inform us ? Was there any doubt that armaments in Spanish ports might be converted in the hands of France into engines of hostility against this country , and particularly those at Ferrol , and if our minister had not remonstrated against them , would he not have grossly failed in his duty ? The ships besides that were used were of a sort never used to transport troops , and in the provinces to which they were said to be destined , there was no convenience for landing troops . These naval preparations on the part of Spain were not deified by the Spanish ministers . But if these measures rendered measures of precaution necessary on our part , this country was not answerable for the consequences ; and as to the objection , that a larger force ought to have been sent out , it should be remembered that the treasure was expected to come home in single ships , and that the force sent was amply sufficient to prevent all resistance from a single ship . If it were necessary to stop ships , it was right to use every