, which the act itself stated to be for the trial of small offences , which words certainly must imply that they would be limited to the infliction of small punishments . They were never designed to try mutiny , desertion , thefts , and those other serious charges which , were now brought before them ; and though in usage the intention of the act had been prevented , yet if it had been foreseen that such causes would have been brought before them , there could be no doubt that they would have been subjected to the same solemnities of oaths as in general courts martial . To his proposal he never had heard any other objection made than the general one , that it would be an innovation in the service ; but the same argument was applicable to any improvement that could be offered , and would have formerly applied with equal force against the bill itself . As the object of administering oaths was acceded to by the secretary at war , what remained for him to submit was , that the presidents on such courts should not be under the age of 21 years . He proposed it on the same principle on which it was required , that none should preside in general courts martial who were not of the rank of field officers , the object of which was , to provide that the presidents should be persons of a competent experience . It might , indeed , be said , that the presidents of regimental courts martial were required to be of the rank of captains , and that if a man was 859 not fit for Such a president , he could not be fit to command a company . In answer to this , he would declare it as his opinion , that it would be a good and salutary measure , if captains were required to be of the age of 21 years . He thought the genius and talents of some young men would offer an exception to this regulation , but , as a general rule , he thought it might have very favourable consequences as to the service . On the present occasion , however , he would not submit any other alteration than the one he proposed , especially as military regulations in general more properly belonged to the prerogative of the crown . He then proposed ; as an amendment to the first clause , that after the . words that `` no man under the rank of captain , '' should be added the words , `` and had attained the age of 21 years . '' opposed the clause on the grounds that the long-established practice in the army ought not to be altered without the maturest deliberation . defended the clause on the grounds that an innovation had been made by the regimental courts martial taking cognizance of higher crimes under different names . It was time , therefore , that the evidence against the soldier should be examined with the solemnity of an oath , that the punishment for perjury might follow close upon falsehood . He had consulted several general officers , who were for the most part against the clause , but they had alleged no sufficient reasons . He could not agree to have none as president of a court martial who was not 21 years of age , on account of the inconvenience which it would produce . was against the oath being administered , where the person who swore falsely was not liable to the penalties of perjury , as must be the case in a regimental court martial , which was not a court of record like a general court martial . said , that persons perjuring themselves before a regimental court martial , should be made liable to all its penalties . defended the clause , because it gave greater solemnity to courts martial . The object was the discovery of truth , and how could truth be more effectually discovered than by putting the witnessess on oath ? was against the