, that it was his maj. 's earnest desire , that the system of neutrality which . had been begun by Spain , should be strictly maintained . Lord Hawkesbury , in that very letter , says , `` you will therefore endeavour by all means in your power , to impress upon the Spanish ministers the expediency of their adopting this system ; and you will assure them , that if it be adopted , his maj. will respect it with the most scrupulous good faith . '' Another particular passage corrobated the sentiments and policy of our govt . in the most incontrovertible manner . His noble friend ( Hawkesbury ) in the letter now alluded to , advises Mr. Frere in these words , if the Spanish govt . should state to you , that they conceive themselves to be under the obligation to furnish to France the number of troop 's and ships which are stipulated in the treaty ( of St. Ildefonso , 19th Aug. 1796 , ) but that their co-operation will extend no farther , you will refrain from giving any opinion upon this measure , but will content yourself in signifying that you will transmit the information of it to your court . '' He rejoiced that the same system had been pursued afterwards by our govt , ; and that as no contradiction of these instructions had ever been recommended , it was but fair and just to conclude that the same plan of policy had invariably been adopted . But while his noble friend conducted himself with such wisdom , it appears that he acted with great precaution towards our national interest and honour . In another part of the same letter he advises Mr. Frere in these terms , `` you will , however , watch , with the most unremitting vigilance , the progress of any preparations which may be made for carrying it ( the military contingent ) into execution ; and you will from 349 time to time transmit such intelligence as you may be able to acquire upon the subject to the commanders of his maj. 's ships , '' & c. Thus we find every effort made to preserve a good understanding between the two countries , while at the same time we were vigilant that no impropriety should be committed so as to endanger our peace without a knowledge of it communicated to our govt.—The noble viscount afterwards continued to review farther the measures which had been adopted while he and his colleagues were in power , and compared them in a cursory manner with those which had been pursued by their successors . From every view of the business , from first to last , he saw nothing to condemn but much to praise . The system of forbearance which we had displayed with such dignity to ourselves and such benefit to Portugal , his Idp . considered with much satisfaction and pleasure . The noble earl had dwelt upon that want of decision on the part of the British govt . which he was pleased to censure , as weak and inefficient . It was , however , part of that system which he had now taken the liberty of praising , and which was so honourable to the British govt . So far , therefore , was his Idp . from entertaining such an opinion , that his sentiments were diametrically opposite to those of the noble earl . The noble viscount again rejoiced in the tardiness evinced by the British govt . because it proved how averse we always had been to force Spain into the war . He had no doubt but that the Spanish govt . notwithstanding its avowed hostility , was sensible of our patience and forbearance ; and , on that account , was certainly a very unwilling coadjutor in the present war . The noble earl had adverted to a letter , dated 13th Dec. 1803 , in which Mr. Frere particularly notices the very delicate situation in which he was in with regard to the conduct of Spain , which had then assumed