, and if parliament should think it necessary to continue it , it may be on its guard to do so before the act of a minister would deprive it of the power . He was not disposed , in cases of this kindy to place much confidence in men ; The change that had taken place in administration , though it had not produced much vigour , had introduced much boldness . Another reason why he put himself forward on this subject so early was , that ministers on the subject of the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland , which they described as . so necessary and impor- 679 tant , had shewn so little vigilance as to render it unavoidably necessary to break through the forms of the other house to hurry the bill through , before the expiration of that which it was to replace , and even then a day or two of adverse wind would have caused it to arrive too late . Here the lion , and learned gent , recited the objects which the commissioners were empowered to inquire into . The official departments of the navy were the principal . Of these the admiralty had not been yet attended to . The navy board was much considered in the sixth report , but not completely examined . The office of the treasurer of the navy was described in the last report laid on the table ; the victualling board had not yet been in any way noticed ; nor the office for sick and wounded seamen , the department of prisoners at war or the transport office , nor the office of inspector of naval works . Thus a great part of the task imposed on the commissioners of enquiry remained yet unexecuted . It was impossible that in the ordinary duration of the session this remnant of the proposed labour could be gone through before its close . Much inconvenience would result from its non-continuance , which lie proposed to remedy by moving to continue it till the next session , when , if its further continuance was necessary , another motion of the same nature may be made . Those who supported the appointment of the commission were now called upon to vote for its continuance ; and even those who opposed it , seeing the advantages that had resulted from the inquiry , were equally bound to give it full effect . The commission lately granted under the great seal to consider what remedies should be adopted for the evils discovered by the commissioners of enquiry , proved that the navy board was not adequate to the inquiry , as it was formerly urged by some , for this late commission stated , that the navy board was too much occupied to undertake even the secondary supervision there specified . He thought it not quite respectful to the house to . appoint , without any communication , those commissioners by royal authority , to act upon the reports of a commission appointed by parliament . The predecessor of the right hon . gent , has said , it was intended to submit to parliament distinct propositions on the . reports . The abandonment of this plan , and . the institution of the new royal So commission , he looked upon as disrepect- 680 ful to parliament . If the motion for the continuation of the act was not assented to , it would be seen , that there was in ministers a determination to resist reform . It was most notorious , that great abuses existed in all departments of the naval service ; and those who made notoriety the ground for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act , could not deny it as a ground for the continuance of this commission . The hon . and learned gent , concluded with moving , `` for leave to bring in a bill to continue the act appointing commissioners for naval Inquiry . '' said , that he by no means meant to propose to the house , not to continue the act , if its continuation