when their blood or their treasure was at stake , when we know how little regard her chief has for either the treasure or the blood of the people of France , when any favourite plan is within his view ? Are we to suppose , therefore , that he would be tender of the blood and treasure of Spain , when on so many occasions he has been so wantonly prodigal in the expenditure of the blood and treasure of France , to accomplish any favourite object ? To think so , would be singular indeed ; but gentlemen say , that France had already got the use Of all the money of Spain , and therefore she would not take her contingent also ; and the hon . gent , did allow the possibility of this , although he thinks it a very extravagant supply . Perhaps , says he , you may say France may desire to have the command of both . Why yes , sir ; we may say that perhaps she may desire to have both ; and the more especially , at the very time when this negotiation was depending . And here I would ask gentlemen on the other side , if France thought that in a few weeks she might strike a blow , by which she might gain a temporary advantage against this country , or an expected advantage over our squadron , then blockading her port , by forming a junction between that of Spain and her own , would they believe that she would forbear doing so on motives of tenderness to Spain ? But the hon . gent . endeavours to anticipate this observation , and to obviate its force by asking , how can you think so , when the treasure ships of Spain were then on the ocean , and when a junction , or an attempt to gain an advantage over us , would be putting the treasure of Spain , so much wanted by France , in jeopardy ? It does happen that some of them had arrived , with the treasure consigned to France ; and that a few more were expected soon to arrive . As we were very near the place of their ultimate destination , and apprised of the supposed time of arrival , we thought there was a chance of their not reaching their port without our interception of them . We knew the chance was small ; but small as it was , we thought it worth the trial , and accordingly an order was given that the trial should be made . It was made , and it was successful ; for they were met within sight of the harbour of Cadiz , and if we had been 24 hours later , they would have arrived safely in their destined harbour , and then , in addition to 464 the armament which the hon . gent . would have us suppose was not intended against us , under all the circumstances of the case , France would have had these million 's of money in her coders . They expected to arrive safely , but fortunately , by extraordinary exertions , we were too quick for them , and we did prevent their going into harbour by taking them.—Next then , sir , the hon . gent , comes to a statement of that which has been fully discussed already , by others as well as by myself ; namely , the circumstances under which we had taken this measure of precaution , and on which I say we have proved that our right to intercept these ships was legal . The hon . gent . attempts to deny this , by saying it was a measure of absolute war and not a measure of precaution . Now , I say , that if it were not a measure of precaution , but of absolute war , as the hon . gent . states , his conclusion would not follow , because I contend we were justified in taking a measure of absolute war , and