situation of affairs that is likely , either on his part or on mine , to dissolve that friendship . This opinion is founded upon a conviction of the integrity of my right hon . friend 's character and views , and that he holds a similar sentiment with respect to the character and views of any man whom he deems worthy to be his friend . I can not suffer myself to suppose that he can entertain such an injurious and insulting opinion of his friends , that they should sacrifice their conscience , and abandon their principles , to follow any line of public conduct that lie may think proper to pursue . As to that part of my noble friend 's accusation which refers to my present concurrence with persons from whom I formerly differed upon some points , which are now no more ; is there any one so little acquainted with human affairs , and with the parliamentary history of this country in particular , as to suppose it a fair subject of censure , in a man to avail himself of the co-operation of any person from whom he can derive honourable support in the attainment of great and desirable public objects ? If this principle required illustration , to whom should look with more confidence than to the example of the man to whom my noble friend alluded . It was the fate of that person to act in opposition for many years to several noble persons with whom , on the arrival of that crisis , the commencement of the last French war , he did not hesitate to form a coalition , and one of those noble persons retains to this hour a seat in his majesty 's cabinet . Nay more , has not my right hon . friend sought to establish a co-operation in the govt . of the country with that very party , or rather that individual ( Mr. Fox ) upon my present Connexion with whom my noble friend has taken occasion to congratulate me this evening ? When the country had been brought to the brink of ruin , by that weak , incapable , and inefficient administration , which my noble friend and my right hon . friend also so strongly and so justly reprobated , it was the wish of all good men , that an administration should 510 be formed , comprehending all the talent , ability , and influence which the country furnished , in order to save the stale in the great crisis that menaced it , and which , in my judgment , is still far from being removed . Upon this subject there seemed to be a perfect concurrence among all honest and independent men in parliament , and it was notoriously the expectation and desire of nine-tenths of the people . No . one more cordially embraced the , opinion than my right hon . friend , and if I am accused of an intimate connexion with the hon . person alluded to , what is to be thought of my right hon . friend , who did all in his power , we are told , to introduce the same person into his majesty 's cabinet ? Is it dishonourable in me to act with this hon . person on points in which we completely agree , while it is deemed honourable in my right hon . friend to have gone into his majesty 's closet to advise his sovereign to appoint the same person to one of the highest offices in the state ? Can it then be seriously considered inconsistent , or any thing like dishonourable in > me now to act with that illustrious person ? No , impossible . Let not my noble friend indulge the idle hope that such a delusion can ever be practised upon parliament or the country . If it were practicable it is extremely impolitic , and something more , at present to attempt it . The crisis which so imperiously called for a vigorous and cordial union is not yet gone by . No man should