this question ; but he , notwithstanding that decision , remained of his former opinion , and thought that evidence out to be heard before they agreed to the report of the committee , and consequently counsel . The committee had had the advantage of the comments of counsel , of which they had not made any report . Why should not the house have the enjoyment of that advantage . It had been argued that the house ought to have confidence in their committee and agree to the report . But why stop there ? why not place the same confidence in their recommendation to hear counsel . He thought it an extraordinary circumstance that a member , of great weight in that house for talents and official situation , should come down and persuade the house to a conclusion in the teeth of all his precedents . He hoped that some way would be found out for hearing counsel , on the present case , as the contrary course would not be very honourable to the house . was of opinion that some legislative measure ought to be resorted to , in order to settle this question , which certainly stood at present upon bad grounds . Either the committee should have the whole judgment of the case , or the house should retain it altogether . The question whether counsel should be heard , was not to be decided by any abstract reasoning , but by what had been the practice of parliament . All courts of justice had the same principles . He did not know how far the sheriffs were bound by the report of the committee ; that was to be regulated by the practice of the house . The hon . gent . had said that he did not agree with the decision of the house on a former day . He had not been himself in the house at the time of that decision , but fully concurred in it . There had been no 834 instance of hearing evidence or counsel on the report of a select committee , when election cases were referred to such committees formerly ; and since the Grenville act , there was additional reason for confiding in the report of select committees . There was nothing in that act to give to the house the power which it had never exercised with respect to former select committees . No court of appeal tries the merits of a judgment , but the evidence on which that judgment is founded . It would be an anomaly to distribute the power of decision , half to the committee , and half to the house . They had the written evidence , but they had not the advantage of confronting the witnesses ; and therefore it would be desirable to hear counsel . If they were to try the whole case , they should hear evidence , and as it might be possible that such evidence might induce them to reject the evidence taken before the committee , he could not easily say what course in such case ought to be adopted . Exculpatory evidence to might be produced , which would also lead to difficulty respecting the resolutions of the committee . All these circumstances proved that some legislative measure was necessary to 9hew how the returning officers should be tried . Great inconvenience would arise from allowing a full hearing in the committee and in the house . A clause similar to the provision of the act in Ireland had been proposed to be added to Mr. Grenville 's bill in 1778 , but was afterwards , he knew not why , withdrawn . If he were to judge from the mere reason of the thing , he should be of opinion that counsel ought to be heard . Every court was infinitely assisted by hearing the arguments of counsel , in forming its decision . No judge , if he were to receive the case in writing , and consider it in his closet , could have the same comprehensive and clear view of it as after