? In a case like the present , where the charge was one of positive misconduct , it would be more regular , as well as . more consonant to the former practice , and more conducive to the ends of public justice , to make the application , in the first instance , to the other house , who , as he said before , were invested with the twofold option of proceeding , either by the way of address or impeachment . With respect lo this , it was seriously incumbent upon their lordships to consider of the contingent possibility of the case ultimately coming before them in their judicial capacity , in the shape of an impeachment ; in such a case they would have to sit as a court of justice upon that which , in the way now proposed , they should have tried by previous examination ; the consequences of this were too obvious to expatiate 537 upon . In that view of the question , particularly , it would be preferable to let the application , in the first instance , be made to that branch of the legislature which , constitutionally , forms the grand inquest of the nation . By proceeding in the line at present chalked out , the ordinary situation of the two houses would , most probably , be inverted ; as , possibly , they may be so placed as to appear , to a certain degree , as prosecutors before the house of commons . In this view of the question , he thought there could be little difference of opinion . He was decidedly of opinion it was preferable to let the matter originate with the other house . It would be for the house to consider , whether or not , in the mode proposed , a degree of wrong might not be offered , either to the interests of the parties , those of justice , or to the rules prescribed by the constitution . In pursuing the course he recommended , they did not in the least renounce those powers which the acts of parliament vested in them . He again pressed the general importance of the subject to their lordships ' minds ; and these considerations attending upon the case being entirely new , on this ground , he rather wished the house would come to no decision that night , but take time to consider the case in all its views and bearings . In this view , and with reference to what he had said of the probability of the other house taking it up , he thought it would be proper to adjourn the . sitting of the committee , which stood for to-morrow , for six weeks or two months , or rather , that no particular time should be fixed for its sitting ; this to be done so as that the parties might understand that the . delay was for no other purpose than to afford them an opportunity of addressing , themselves to the other house of parliament ; this delay , in fact , would not operate as an impediment to , nor a denial of justice ; for , at the expiration of the period , the parties would have just the same opportunity of redress with that house as at present ; however , in order to give effect to what he had laid down , and to give their lordships time to consider what he had suggested , he should take the liberty of moving , that the order for the committee sitting to-morrow be discharged , and a similar order made for Thursday . said , he differed widely in opinion from the noble baron , in what he had advanced upon the subject , 538 in every point of view , either with reference to the individual concerned , the interests of the administration of justice in Ireland , or to the public at large . He thought the investigation should be proceeded with in the way already agreed upon , and with as little delay as the