afforded proof of the incapacity of their authors . Here the noble lord entered into an examination of the amount of the change that had taken place in the govt . The noble and learned lord on the woolsack was still the same , nor did he wish to see any change take place wit , respect to him , The lord 816 Privy Seal had the same weight and the same talents which he had in the last and in the preceding administration , and which he may hold in many succeeding ones . His noble friend opposite ( lord Hawkesbury ) had been put but of a situation for which he had at first been declared eminently qualified , and was replaced by his other noble friend ( lord Mulgrave ) , whose military abilities he respected , but who could not by military talents and military experience , be qualified for a place so little connected with military objects : was there the same weight of character and respectability in the right hon . gent , at the head of the govt. ? well , indeed , it might be said of that right hon . gent . quantum mutates ab illo ! How much had he suffered by taking to his bosom the noble lord opposite , whom he had driven from the govt . as incapable ! The noble lord at the head of the Admiralty was another example of the distribution of office without regard to experience . What the noble lord might do remained yet to be ascertained His first effort , the catamaran expedition , did not promise much , and his capacity for the office could not be compared with the noble lord who had left it . He would readily conform to the noble lord 's ( Hawkesbury ) idea , of moving directly for the dismissal of his majesty 's ministers , if he thought the motion would be attended with any success . took a retrospect of the manner in which the militia had been recruited , the Army of Reserve raised , and the general effects of the Defence Act , considering it as an object of reproach not only to his majesty 's ministers , but to their lordships , that they should persevere in a measure , which must , from concomitant circumstances ; progressively decrease the raising of a disposable force , most particularly at this season of the year when the time of harvest was approaching , and so many persons were engaged in agriculture . His lordship then adverted to the statement of the noble secretary of state , specifying the number of regular regiments , militia , & c. and made some general observations adverse to the mode of raising and using black regiments for the service of the West India Islands . in answer observed , that the black regiments during the last war had displayed most evident marks of their fidelity and courage in repelling the Spaniards who had attacked that part 817 of our settlements . When these troops were well treated , his majesty might depend upon their faithful services ; and he I was well satisfied , it was worthy the serious discussion of parliament to enquire into the state of these people , and ameliorate their condition as much as possible , His lordship insisted that the bill in question was a most effectual one for the purposes intended , and would prove much I more so , when it was understood throughout the kingdom to be the determination of parliament to persist in it . The reason it had not been so productive hitherto was , I because the raising the militia and Army of Reserve had drained the country for a time ; but , after a year or two , it would be found most productive indeed . The object of the question then before their lordships was , not which was the best means of discussing a military question ; it was not a motion for considering and enquiring into the state of the military ? force of the country ;