was mistaken in this , but the words sounded in his ears very much as if this were their import , and he was therefore anxious to guard against any idea that the house gave the slightest sanction either to the rupture with Spain or the detention of the Spanish frigates . Though in the absence of all documents the house could not pronounce either final approbation or final disapprobation , yet he must contend , that it was not therefore necessary or proper that nothing should be said . On the contrary , it was is many cases desirable , that an opinion should be given on the successive stages of a business of this sort as they severally appealed at the time . In private causes , where few were interested besides the parties , where the whole was dispatched in a short time , judgment might , and ought , in general , to be deferred to the last . There was nothing to make it necessary that any opinion should be declared , till the whole was gone through . Bui not so in these causes of nations , tried before the tribunal of the world , and where the parts did not succeed each other but at long intervals . It might then be often of great consequence , that the feelings of people should manifest themselves , on the several states of the question as they successively arose . He should be sorry , for instance , in the present case , if , informed of this cause no further than they then were , any sentiment could be felt about it , but that of strong reprobation , and if , moreover , that sentiment were not expressed . It was useful to have it known , how individuals , bow the country felt upon the question such as it then appeared ; reserving , of course , their 40 final judgment till the whole of the case should be finally before them . He was anxious , therefore , to be understood as stating his opinion , subject to such explanations as might here after be given , ( which he could not deny to lie possible , but was wholly unable to anticipate , and should be most happy to hear ) that the principle and policy of the war wre , to say the least of them , highly questionable , and the mode of commencing it the most disgraceful and criminal of any that he could call to mind . This was the feeling which-he had at present , and which , be feared , he must continue to keep , should it not happily be done away by the disclosure of circumstances not now known , nor easily conjectured . He had an observation to make on the description given in the address of the stale of our regular army , which is said to be in a respectable condition . If the respectability spoken of was meant to be applied to the quality of cur regular force , no one could assent to the statement mere cheerfully . No man had a higher opinion than he had of the valour and discipline of our regular army . If , on the other hand , it was applied to their number , he could by no means admit the truth of this assertion . The address spoke of the improved discipline of our numerous volunteers . On that subject he would only remark , that admitting the improvement really to have taken place , the statement should have been , the improved discipline of our less numerous volunteers.— He really could not help thinking , that the language of the address respecting the invasion was quite superfluous , and might very easily have been omitted . We had no evidence that the enemy had given up the threat of invasion . We only knew that his preparations were now more complete than at any former period . The enemy had not thought proper to disclose to us when his long threatened attack was actually to take place ;