can not suffer its own honour and security to be trifled with . We have heard , sir , of the internal prosperity , the increasing , commerce and ; wealth of our country , and who could , hear it without the greatest satisfaction I While they secure us the means of prosecuting the war with vigour , in case that should be necessary , they at the same time furnish us with the ability to secure a peace on safe and honourable terms , in case our enemies should begin to be , swayed by principles of justice and moderation . I hope , sir , we shall carry to the , foot of the throne the strongest assurances of our firm determination to support his majesty , in whatever measures he may judge advisable for attaining the great objects which we have in view—security and national prosperity . With these sentiments , sir , I most heartily second the motion of the hon . gent. , and hope that we shall all willingly and zealously rally round our . King and constitution to preserve them in safety and honour , at a crisis the most 31 momentous that G. Britain or Europe ever experienced.—After the motion had been thus seconded , the speaker read the address to the house , and was proceeding to put the question , when rose and spoke to the following purport : It is not my intention , sir , to trouble the house for any long time upon this occasion , for I certainly do not mean to move an amendment to the address now proposed , nor to advert to any but a few parts of it ; but I wish to make a few observations on what appear to me to be two considerable omissions in his majesty 's speech ; for there is one part of the address on which I do not know how , uninformed is we are at present , we can give an opinion ; although , perhaps , there would be no material difference of sentiment , if we understood it , but of which , without information , we can not judge . I allude to that part of the address in which we say we approve of his majesty 's determination not to explain himself further to us on an interesting subject , until he has had intercourse with certain powers . Now , it does not appear to me , I confess , upon the first view of it , that there was any necessity of entering into , that sort of explanation . It may be necessary , or wise , for his majesty to express his wishes for peace , and to communicate to the world that he is willing to enter into the discussion of , and to accede to such terms as were likely , or which ought to produce it ; but , when he says he can not enter into such considerations , until he has consulted certain courts , I do not see how we can approve of this conduct , until we know what is the nature of the intercourse between this Country and the continental powers . Now , though if this were understood generally , or if I understood it , there would probably be no difference of opinion , yet as I do not know , and am not permitted to know , those circumstances , which call for intercourse with other powers , I must think feat the address pledges the house to too much ; that it pledges it to approbation of the determination not to explain at present the nature of the communications in question . But as to this explanation in itself , I , for one , must confess that I see no necessity for any explanation , but what appears already on the face of the speech : for his majesty there expresses himself clearly , making professions of a wish for peace . His majesty says directly , that he entertains this wish , but can give no fur- 32 ther explanation