being so joined , and superior in force , they might have defeated our blockading squadron , or had by winds favourable to them , and adverse to us , they might have crossed the channel , and had brought a large fleet of transports , and , proceeding in an expedition against Ireland , had eluded the vigilance of our fleet , and that , under a junction of favourable accidents , had been able to effect a landing there ; and suppose it had been our case to day , with the intelligence of Admiral Cochrane , which is now condemned by the gentlemen on the opposite side , to have appeared in parliament , after neglecting the precaution , and after suffering the serious and alarming evil to have reached us , by waiting for the explanation from Spain which the hon . gent . recommended , and which would take six weeks , or two months to have arrived , when , in the meantime , the enemy had executed partly his purpose of invasion ; suppose we had come to parliament to be excused for having relaxed our efforts , and laid our case before these friends of humanity , these advocates of energy and vigour , what would have been the language of these gentlemen if we were to throw ourselves on the lenity on the house ? The case is , however , thank God , at this time , very different indeed . It is owing to that vigilance and activity which the hon . gent . and his friends have so severely condemned . It is to that spirit and energy that we are at this time to attribute the independence , if not the salvation of our country . I now , without further discussion of the causes of the war , submit the case to the judgment of this house , to the judgment of the country , and to the judgment of the whole world . stated , in explanation , that he had been wholly misunderstood by the right hon . gent . He had never suggested the propriety of obtaining a categorical answer on the subject of the treaty of St. Ildefonso , which might have 468 precipitated this country into an immediate war . declared that he was fully satisfied with the explanation , and wished the argument there to rest between them.—The house then divided , when there appeared , For the original question , 313 For the amendment , 106 Majority 207 said he should have to call their ldps ' . attention to a point of considerable importance : it would refer principally to the exercise of the discretionary powers vested in the crown , by the suspension of 470 the habeas corpus bill in Ireland . In that view he moved an address to his majesty , praying that there may be laid before the house ; —1st , an account of the number , names , & c. of persons confined under the act for suspending the habeas corpus in Ireland ; —2dly , an account , & c. of the persons from time to time discharged from such confinement ; —and 3dly , an account of the conditions upon which such persons were discharged . observed , that , with respect to the first and second heads under which the noble lord 's motion was classed , he had no objection to producing the statements required ; but , with regard to the last head , he thought the case was very different , and that a sense of duty impelled him to object to it . The act in question vested a discretionary power to apprehend and detain , without bringing to trial , persons , who , there was reason to suspect , were guilty of traitorous practices ; and a disclosure of the conditions upon which any of those persons might be discharged , under the circumstances of the time , was so obviously objectionable , upon considerations of prudence and policy , that he deemed it unnecessary to take up the time of their ldps