of the Brit . govt . blended at the same time with a due degree of moderation and forbearance , appeared to be the cause of substituting a pecuniary supply for the contingent stipulated by the treaty . The diplomatic transactions with the Spanish govt . then wore a different complexion ; it became expedient to as certain the amount of the proposed subsidies , and a comparative calculation thereof , with the probable expences of the contingent , if furnished in kind ; this was entered into by his ldp . for the informa- 341 tion of the house , as well as a detail of that part of the correspondence , He adverted to the perseverance of the British govt . in their system of moderation and forbearance , with respect to this part of the transactions , which was manifested by its acquiescence in the payment of the subsidy , so-long as it could be considered as a temporary measure . The comparative calculations to which he referred , were necessary to refute the assertions of the Spanish govt . that the subsidy was less advantageous to France than would be the furnishing the contingent . His statements were drawn chiefly from what had been estimated as the value in contingent of a given number of ships of the line , and number of troops , as laid down in former treaties of contribution . He particularly recurred to that between G. Britain and Holland in 1788 , the result of which was , that , with respect to the infantry , the calculation was at 10l . per man . An amount , referred to in the treaty of subsidy in question would cover a considerably greater number of troops than Spain possibly could supply ; and , in point of fact , more than 8 times an equivalent for the number of men stipulated for in the treaty with France . Still , the system of forbearance was adhered to on the part of G. Britain . However , when the restless ambition , and domineering influence of France was considered , it became important to the British govt . not to relax in point of vigilance . This was the more necessary , as French soldiers were at the time clandestinely allowed to march through Spain , and the armaments were , to a certain extent , yet going on . At length strong remonstrances were made ; and the impossibility of the British minister continuing longer at Madrid , were the naval armaments not completely stopped , was held out . In explaining this part of the transaction , several references were made to the documents , and the justifiable conduct of the Brit govt . and its minister contended for by his ldp . During these transactions , Spain might be fairly regarded as in a state of suspended hostility , and with respect to the sale of the prizes , the conduct of the Brit govt . was borne out , were it necessary to defend it by precedents or arguments drawn from analogy , by the case which occurred in America , during the diplomatic residence of Mr. Hammond . His ldp . proceeded , by a detailed exposition of the case , to refute the allegation of 342 the Spanish minister , that by concealing the affair of the prizes , they had considerably injured their colonial interests . Throughout the whole of this , transaction , which may in some point of view be regarded as a war of piracy , the overbearing influence of France was manifest ; the firmness and moderation of the Brit , govt . were , notwithstanding , attended with effect , and the French ambassador , considering that this war of piracy benefitted only the subjects of his country , permitted M , Cevallos to concede the point.—His ldp . repeated the observation , that the Brit . govt . were determined to persevere in their system of forbearance and moderation , as long as it could consistently or safely be done ; at the same time , their vigilance and precautionary