article Which was not of such immediate necessity , said , he had already given the salt tax the fullest consideration , and that he should certainly persist in it , as he was certain it was not liable to the objections which the hon . gentleman who spoke last had urged against it . did not rise for the purpose of entering into a debate , but was called upon by the peremptory tone in which the right hon . gent , had declared-his intentions to persevere in the tax . The right hon . gent , had stated his opinion that the tax would produce more than any other he knew of with less pressure ; but he could assure that right hon . gent , that no tax could operate so grievously , oppressively , and grindingly , Salt was an article of the most indispensable necessity to the poor . All their provisions of fish , pork , & c. required a considerable quantity of it , and potatoes , now so happily become a general source of food for the poor , were 567 not sufficiently nutritious without a large proportion of that article . He could not but advert to a report of die committee on the table , which , as his hon . friend had stated , declared that a diminution of the duty on salt would be beneficial to the trade , manufactures , and commerce of the country , and if the present proposed increase were to be adopted , would have the effect of entrapping the manufacturers of that article who had entered into numerous speculations . The right hen . member for Christchurch could bear evidence , that the ruined salt works at Lymington , had been renewed on the Strength of the report of that respectable committee . What would it prove , then , but a trap to engage the manufacturers in a misapplication of their capital , when by the reduction of the duty it was expected that salt might be used as a manure , if the duty should be , on the contrary , increased ? The late chancellor of the exchequer , whom the right hon . gent , would not now be disposed to run down , had also sanctioned the appointment of a committee , to inquire into the propriety of reducing the duty on salt . On the whole , therefore , if the present addition should be persevered in , he thought it his duty to oppose it in every stage . had but one word to say in reply . He was disposed to pay every respect to the , right hon . gent , to whom the hon . gent , had alluded ; and he could not prove that disposition better than by adopting his conduct . The report had been made about 4 years since , when there was no war ; and yet while that right hon . gent , continued a member of this house , no motion had been made for the reduction of the duty on salt , or for carrying into effect the report of the committee . He insisted , that both the hon . members who had spoken against this tax were mistaken as to its operation ; for , considering how small a proportion fell on the lower orders of the people , he did not think there was a single article of general consumption that could be found better adapted to the purpose of raising a large sum of money with so little , pies-sure and inconvenience to the mass of the people . said , it always gave him pain to be obliged to say any thing against the taxes proposed for raising the necessary supplies ; but , as the representative of the county of Chester , he could not avoid saying that that county would feel the 568 weight and burden of this tax in a very severe and exemplary degree indeed , as there were more salt works there than in any other county ; and he hoped , therefore ,