the line ? Such was the commencement of our violence ; and though a satisfactory answer , as he thought , was given , ( for he sincerely believed that they had no object in putting some few men and provisions on board these 3 ships , but really to quell the tumult in Biscay , it being much easier to send troops by sea than through that mountainous province ; at a time , too , when they were labouring under the dread of a malignant fever , ) yet we proceeded to the violence of assaulting their ships on the high seas . This had been said to be no more than laying an embargo on an enemy 's ships . Was there no difference between delaying merchant 's ships which might be delivered back ; and assaulting ships on the high seas ? There was a mighty difference . Stop the ships of a merchant and they may be delivered up . Take his property and he might be indemnified . Imprison seamen and they might be discharged . But burn , sink , and blow up ship and crew , and who can restore the innocent blood which is spilt ? There were some acts of hardship and severity which the laws of civilized war permitted , but this atrocious act of barbarity was contrary to all law of nations , and stamped indelible infamy on our name . The French 361 branded us with the name of a mercantile people , and said that we were ever thirsting after gold . They would therefore impute this violence to our eagerness for the dollars . Better that all the dollars , and ten times the quantity , were paid , so as it could wash away the stain which had been brought on our arms . At a time when we were armed to repel the atrocities of France , this was not a time to display such a spirit.—His lordship shewed that the seizure of the treasure ships had no resemblance to the stoppage of the Dutch , nor to the measure recommended by the Earl of Chatham , in 176l . He deprecated the war in which this series of neglect , insolence , contempt , and violence bad plunged us . He denied that it was popular . A war with Spain , however easy ministers had shewn that it was to provoke and begin , was not so easy to get out of . If the stories that were floating were true , of desperate , mad , and romantic expeditions against Spanish America , he would prophecy , that it would be a most calamitous war to G. Britain . A more perilous , and a more calamitous adventure for the sake of mere plunder , could not be undertaken than such an expedition , either for the country that gave it birth , or for humanity in general ; for while it would operate to entail misery on a great portion of the human race , it tended to exhaust the blood and treasure of this country , to disperse our naval force , to ruin our army , and be productive of the worst mischiefs to the country . The great principles which it was the duty of a wise govt . to hold up to the people of this country , were truth , justice , and moderation , and not rapacity and blood.—His lordship , concluded a most brilliant and impressive speech by saying , that he did not rise thus to discharge his duty from any motive of wanton attack on the king 's ministers , or to strive to destroy their popularity , but from a serious conviction that the war might have been prevented by common care on their part , and that as it was totally unprovoked and unnecessary , so also would it be most grievous and unfortunate to the country . said , he had purposely avoided rising earlier in the discussion ; because , feeling his own official conduct deeply interested in the whole of this negotiation , he wished