debate has paid high compliments to the right hon . gentleman 's eloquence , there can be no sort of doubt that he was not satisfied without an opportunity of displaying his own powers on so fertile a subject . The hon . gent . indeed , sufficiently shewed , from his conduct on the former debate , that he was not satisfied with the manner in which the debate 748 was terminated . It was not for nothing that the hon . member had taken so many pages of notes , not , perhaps , with the view of answering the right hon . gent 's . speech , but certainly for the purpose of explaining his own peculiar views of subjects touched on in that speech , had not some discreet mediator dissuaded him from the resolution which he had previously formed . It can not be imagined that these notes were taken for the purpose of answering the arguments of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , for ten days of preparation have elapsed before the hon . gent . has thought himself in a situation to attempt this with any thing like plausibility or success . In following this course , the hon . gent . was no doubt encouraged by many of his friends , who were not satisfied with the right hon . gent 's view of the business , who flattened themselves that the hon . gent . would take up much more popular ground , and who looked forward to the prospect of triumphing under his banners . Whether these anticipations will be realized will best appear , sir , after we have fairly entered on the discussion of the subject . Respecting the surprise to which the hon . gent . referred , I shall only add , that on this side of the house no feeling was entertained when the resolution of bringing forward the present motion was announced , but one , namely , that we were ready to enter on the discussion at whatever period it might best suit either that or any other hon . gent . to introduce it . Now , sir , as to the second of the hon . gent . 's preambles , which was evidently intended to conciliate the right hon . gent . I feel it necessary to make a few observations . The hon . gent , begins by assuring his right hon . friend that he has no wish , whatever , to stale opinions contrary , to those which he had laid down in his speech , and thus attempts to lull asleep all apprehension of a wish to interfere with his favourite doctrine . But hardly is this opiate given , hardly are the compliments to the right hon . gent . 's talents and eloquence uttered , before the hon . 'gent . enters on a series of observations , all of which are calculated to awaken the jealousy of his right hon . friend , and to destroy even the fundamental principles of that military system in which he took so warm an interest . If he had carefully selected topics for a difference of opinion , it is not easy to see how any could have been laid hold of to mark out a more complete contrariety of opinion . The hon . gent . has this day 749 expressed himself in terms of the highest approbation of the variety of our military force . Now , the right hon . gent . founded his whole military system on its uniformity , and maintains that the divisions of volunteers , of militia , and of regulars , constitute at once its disgrace and its inefficiency . The right hon . gent . wishes the volunteer establishment to be discarded , while the hon . gent . glories in being its advocate and champion . Here , then , on the one hand , the house are called on to look to the volunteer establishment as discarded and exploded , while on the other it is not only defended , but