of a recent address of their lordships , accounts of the number of men raised under the provisions of the additional force act passed last session . The accounts were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . observed , that he still found it necessary to ask for further information upon this subject . He wished to know specifically , what number of men had been raised by the parishes ; for which purpose he should now make a motion , to which he thought there could be no objection , for an account , distinguishing the number of men so raised by the medium of the parish officers , distinct from those raised by the ordinary means of levy . He did not wish to enter now into the general question upon the subject which he intended to bring forward on Monday next , but upon a very cursory view of the papers upon the table , he could not help observing , that he thought they completely justified the objections which were originally , made to the Addiditional Force Act , as it appeared to him , that out of the number of men raised , since the last session , very few had been obtained within the united kingdom . He should merely , however , now move for the production of the paper to which he had alluded , and he should then move that the lords be summoned for Monday , upon his motion respecting the army . observed , he saw no objection to the accounts being produced , which his noble friend adverted to ; but , with respect to the day upon which the intended proposition should be discussed , the same facility , in his mind , did not seem to obtain . There were , on the other hand , other papers and accounts , which , he thought , were necessary to be produced , and which it might not be practicable to get ready in due time ; besides , there was a discussion of great importance 146 pending , and which , perhaps , circumstances might render it necessary to have postponed . He had rather his noble friend would fix upon another day ; as , by possible contingency , that mentioned might interfere with the important discussion which he alluded to as pending . explained , and expressed himself desirous that no proposition coming from him should stand in the way of any other business of more importance . However , as the thing stood , he did not see what well-grounded objection could be offered to summoning their 1dps . for Monday next . He repeated some of his former observations relative to the inefficacy of parts of the act in question ; and concluded by framing a motion for producing the farther accounts , as above described , which , after a few words from Earl Camden , was put and ordered accordingly . took the oaths and his seat for Devizes , in the room of the right hon . H. Addington , created viscount Sidmouth.—Mr . Irwin , inspector general of exports and imports , presented at the bar , an account of the exports to the ports of Spain , during the years 1803 and 1804 , as far as the same can be made up.—Mr . Cooke , from the exchequer bill office , brought up an Account of the unfunded debt in exchequer bills outstanding on the 5th of Jan. 1805.—Sir E. Nepean postponed the motion of which he had given notice for this day , relative to the continuing the suspension of the habeas corpus act , and martial law in Ireland , to a future day.—The insolvent debtors ' bill was committed , read a third time and passed , and returned to the lords.—Mr . Alexander brought up the land and malt bill , and the bill for continuing the duties on pensions , tobacco , snuff , & c. which , were severally read a 1st , and ordered to be read a 2d time to-morrow.—A message from the