Then , whether these conditions were violated , and what consequences , in point of right , resulted from such deviation . Afterwards , the consequences of the claims of explanation , and the amount of the satisfaction given . He understood his learned friend to say , that the treaty of St. Ildefonso did not carry on the face of it a 438 ground of war , if it was not renounced ( Dr. L. said , no ; ) he was happy to find he Was mistaken , and that all were agreed as to the offensive nature of that treaty . According to the law of nations , no treaty was binding , which would bind the contracting party to an unjust war , and the sense of the party was the only thing that could decide as to the justice or injustice . In the Family Compact there was a right of examination and inquiry , but in that of St. Ildefonso , no such right was allowed , This , therefore , was merely an offensive treaty , even according to the opinion of the hon . gent , who had moved the amendment , and a cause of war if it should not be renounced . The mode of proceeding under these circumstances , was to put it to the govt , of Spain , whether it would renounce the treaty or not , and if it did not we would have a just ground of war . There was no difference whether the succours were given in kind or by a pecuniary compensation ; our right was the same in both cases , and we were not bound by any agreement between the parties . Nations were not bound to exert their right at all times , or under all circumstances . Considerations of prudence and policy might intervene . This country might not consider it politic to go to war with Spain ; and , in fact , the policy of evading a war with Spain when we were engaged in a war with France was recognised , provided we could be sure of a fair neutrality . It was remarked , however , that there was no instance , for near a century , of a war between this ' country and France , in which Spain did not sometime or another take a part . Even in the American war , which began in 1778 , and was the most unlikely that could be imagined to engage the cooperation of Spain , as being totally foreign to all the principles of interest and policy , she was at length induced , though her ministers at first declared how contrary it was to prudence to make herself a party . The opposition of the time arraigned , ministers on this occasion , for their blindness in not foreseeing that Spain would ultimately take part with France , and for their misconduct in not forcing her to an , explanation . There was nothing that that administration had been condemned for omitting that the present administration had not done . The present treaty between France and Spain was more overbearing than the Family Compact . Ministers had , therefore , taken a distinct line from the begin- 439 ning , and had expressly declared to Spain , that if she executed that treaty , she could have no peace with us . Then it came to the question of the precise amount of the succours . The ambassador was instructed to come to no precise determination on this point , but to take it , as there were many instances in history , of ambassadors being instructed to take the answers given to them on particular points , ad referendum , for the consideration of his court . It would indeed , be too much to give the ambassador himself the power of determining at once on war , or of giving a decisive answer as to the future relations . Here he called the attention of the house to the discussions with Spain in 1761 , when our ambassador was instructed