be a more weak and ricketty brat than any of them . Noble lords would recollect , that when the present minister pulled the stool of power from under the noble viscount who was then the minister , he raised an alarm that the enemy was at our very doors , and we were offering up our prayers to Heaven that we might not be swallowed up by Bonaparte . He assured parliament and the country , that he would produce a plan by which the army would be immediately recruited , and relying on which , the country would be safe at home , and would be enabled to carry destruction into the country of the enemy . Fortunately the enemy had not yet come , but now parliament was told by ministers that it must wait some time longer , in order to give their measure a fair trial.—The noble earl insisted that the bill had not succeeded in the object for which it was framed , and that it was absurd to say , that in three or four years it might succeed . If a crop were wanted immediately from a piece of land , it would be just as absurd to sow a grain Which required to lie several months in the 806 ground before ft triage its appearance on the surface. ? Perhaps the conduct of Frederic tire Great w Prussia might be instanced by government as a defence of their tardy method of increasing the force of their country . When that military monarch saw any woman remarkable for her height and muscular appearance , he immediately caused her to be married to a grenadier of his body guard , and by this means hoped to produce an Herculean breed from which his army might ultimately be recruited . The progress of the operation of the additional defence act was scarcely less deliberate , and indeed the whale measure deserved nothing but ridicule and contempt . His lordship contended further , that the committee now moved for by his noble friend would embrace many points more than that as to the number of men which had been raised under this bill , and deprecated the hackneyed and antiquated argument of ministers not being pressed in time of war , as that to which their lordships ought not to lend ah ear . He said such a committee would very properly inquire into the propriety of what had been suggested as to enlisting men for a limited time of service , which had been highly recommended by many excellent writers on military affairs , as particularly relating to our own service : the militia and volunteer system might also come under their revision ; and though he had the highest opinion of both the militia and volunteers , there were , no doubt , many improvements which yet might be made in , both those systems . He thought inquiry was full as necessary now as it was last year , and he expected an answer from that strong phalanx of ministers who sat opposite to him , which should , at least , contain some reason why inquiry was so necessary and so loudly called for in the case of the weak and imbecile measure of the noble lord ( Sidmouth ) , and so very unnecessary in that of the present bill ; which was far the weakest and most imbecile of any that had yet been produced On these grounds he should vote for the motion of his noble friend . said he rose at this early period to address their lordships , and to call their attention to the nature , of the , motion now before them , on the ground on which it had been supported , and which , he trusted , would induce them to come to a decided negative for without saying it was a motion out of the province of a house of parliament to entertain , it was one which , on 807 general principles he should have strong objections to , because its tendency was to devolve the military administration of the