more strongly than this ? He reprobated the conduct of the right hon . 849 gent . in deluging with criminality one of the most immaculate characters that ever existed ; he alluded to Mr. Birchall , on whose talents and virtues the shadow of suspicion had never before rested , he praised the conduct of the sheriffs in waiting an hour after the poll had closed , for the purpose of allowing the defeated party to demand a scrutiny . He confessed he was of opinion that no gentleman who had examined the whole of this complicated subject , could conscientiously vote for the motion . The question was not , whether or not the sheriffs should be committed to Newgate , or what should be the quantum of punishment ; but whether or not the house would sacrifice their dignity to support a committee evidently in error , so evidently to him , that he firmly believed , if they went back to their room , and reexamined their report they would themselves feel the necessity of correcting it . assured the house , that the committee had not determined on the report which they had presented , until after the most mature deliberation . How far they were borne out by the evidence before them , it would be for the house to decide . With regard to himself he could confidently say , that he felt no alteration of opinion on the subject , and he rather thought the other members of the committee adhered as closely to their former decision . His lordship went through the whole of the evidence on the table of the house , reading extracts from it , and commenting upon them as he proceeded , The committee had with regret been under the necessity of striking off votes to both par . ties , in every respect good , but that they had not been assessed to the laud tax . The outrages complained of by the right hon . gent . who opened the debate were unjustifiable , although some exertions had certainly been made by the sheriffs to suppress them . The learned counsel had insisted strongly on the propriety of the sheriffs being tried by the evidence which they had it in their power at the moment to benefit themselves by , and not by that afterwards collected for the Committee . He acknowledged the justness of this observation , and accordingly the committee in their report had withdrawn all that part of the evidence relating to the mill voters , which the sheriffs could not be in possession of at the time of the election . The committee were certainly of opinion , that by acting sometimes judicially and sometimes ministerially , the 850 sheriffs had become culpable . The principal point was certainly that of the mill voters , and to that point , to the question of possession , Mr. Mainwaring 's enquiries ' were chiefly directed on the 1:5th day of the election . He was convinced , that an undue bias had existed in the minds of the sheriffs , and that at different periods they had pursued different modes of conduct , as it suited their wishes . With regard to the excuse that had been attempted to be set up , of the embarrassments in which the sheriffs found themselves involved in their decisions , he confessed it appeared to him , that a very moderate understanding indeed would have extricated them . Upon the whole he trusted , that the house would feel little difficulty in agreeing with the committee in the resolution which they had submitted to them . did not think it necessary to trouble the house long , when he recollected the mass of evidence which had lain so long on the table , and with which members must by this time have become familiar . He had listened with the utmost attention to the arguments of the learned gent . at the bar , but he owned that he remained entirely unconvinced by them . In considering the merits of the question , the acts