and I always stated upon similar propositions in the course of the last war , that I never saw an adequate necessity for adopting them . This statement my full conviction justifies me in repeating , and I say again to the right hon . gent . and to my right hon . friend also , that they never succeeded in their reasoning against my friends and me , but by mis-stating our argument . We continually put the question which naturally suggested itself to our minds , and which my right hon . friend has very properly put to-night , namely of what consequence is the discontent or disaffection of a few , if the great body of the people be sound and loyal ? Certainly , the consequence is not such as to warrant the suspension of public liberty ; and I never imagined that any man would have the hardihood to assert in this house that it was . But the right hon . gent has exceeded my expectation . In the whole progress of his hostility to freedom , and the constitution of England , never has he uttered any thing so dangerous and alarming as we have heard from him to-night . Never has he attempted to take so great a stride before . In addition to the existence of disaffection in Ireland , the right hon . gent . states another reason for the adoption of the measure under consideration , and it is this , 326 which he described in very lofty terms ; that we are engaged in war , and with an enemy who threatens to destroy our constitution and independence . I would ask were we ever at war with any power , particularly in France , that was not willing to destroy our independence , aye , quite as willing as the present government of France ? I never heard that we were . It was , however , reserved for the right hon . gent . to maintain that war is a good ground for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act . But the right hon . gent . states , that the enemy threatened Ireland with an invasion ; and did he not also threaten G. Britain ? Both these reasons , therefore , are as applicable to the one country as to the other , and would , as I said before , equally sustain the extension of the measure before the house to both countries . When reasons of that sort , therefore , are stated , I must feel as much alarm for G. Britain as for Ireland . I approve highly the generous sentiments that have been expressed by the hon . bart . who moved the amendment . He feels a laudable tenderness and solicitude for Ireland , and so do I . But I feel also for G. Britain ; and who knows how soon it may be doomed to suffer from the effects of that principle , which the right hon . gent . seeks to establish in the adoption of the motion before the house ? That right hon . gent . would , I presume , be the last to deny , that there existed as strong grounds to apprehend an invasion of G. Britain as of Ireland . Different opinions prevailed as to the probability of invasion ; but in the mind of the right hon . gent . there seemed to be no doubt that it would take place . Indeed , notwithstanding the close blockade of Brest , and the vigilant activity of our fleets and cruizers , with the increase of our land force , which none professed a desire to increase further than the right hon . gent . still was he haunted by the apprehension , and loudly proclaimed the probability , that an invasion of G. Britain was to be expected from day to day . This I mention , merely to shew , that at least in the judgment of the right hon . gentleman , there exists a good reason , in his view , for the suspension of the