liable to the operations of the late insolvent debtors ' act . His lordship moved that the bill be now read a first time . after reading the breviate of the bill , quitted the woolsack , and expressed his opinion , that the noble and learned lord deserved the thanks of the house and of the country for his conduct in the present instance , and on two grounds : 1st , in coming forward with a provision to rectify an act , which greatly required it ; and , 2dly , for bringing it forward at so early a period of the session . The bill of last session was brought in , he observed , at so very late a period , that the house was unavoidably deprived of the assistance , in its discussion , of several of its most able and best-informed members ( of that of his noble and learned friend , for instance ) , who were absent on calls of indispensable duty ; he wondered not , therefore , at the late act requiring so much amendment . To this was to be added another consideration , that acts of that description , when passed towards the close of a session , generally create an idea that the relief is meant to be extended farther than is really the case . On these grounds he highly approved of the present bill , and begged leave to repeat his thanks 43 to the noble and learned lord for bringing it forward at so early a period —The bill lies over for farther consideration . —At half past two the house adjourned till Monday , after which their lordships proceeded to St. James 's , with their address to his majesty . presented a petition from the proprietors of the Surry Iron Railway ; ordered to be referred to a committee.—The committees of religion , grievances , courts of justice , trade , and privileges were appointed—The standing orders of the house were read as usual at the commencement of every session.—Mr . Dillon brought up the report of the address to his majesty on his speech from the throne , which was read and agreed to , and ordered to be presented by the whole house , and that such members as are of the privy council do wait on his majesty , to inquire when he will be pleased to receive the same.—Ordered , that his majesty 's speech be taken into consideration to-morrow.—Mr . Williams presented the ninth report of the commissioners of naval inquiry ; ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . adverted to a motion which he had made in the course of the last sessions , for the production of certain papers respecting the war in India , and which was not complied with , as the papers were not then arrived to which his motion referred . Understanding now , that those papers were received , the hon . member submitted a motion , that there should be laid before the house copies of all treaties , engagements , and correspondence , as have taken place between the governments of Bengal , Fort St. George , and Bombay , and any of the surviving Mahometan princes or states , in the upper part of India , particularly with the king or mogul , at Delhi , or his ministers . —Ordered accordingly . —Mr . Francis also gave notice , that he would , on Monday next , move for the production of some farther papers with respect to the war in India , After the two distinguished chiefs , Scindiah , and the Rajah of Berar , had been conquered by our arms , and a treaty concluded with them ; after India was understood to be completely tranquillized , 44 it was heard with surprise that new hostities had commenced with Holcar , who was a minor chief . The papers for which he meant to move , the hon . member said , would refer to those hostilities , the cause of which the house and the country were