poet might well be applied to it : `` Parturiunt monies , et nascitur ridiculus mus . `` —His ldp . proceeded to state various instances in which the measure under consideration had completely failed . In one particular county , where the numbers expected and prescribed to be raised by the act were 1097 , no more than 14 men were obtained . There were other cases in which the inefficacy of the bill was manifested nearly as much . What was expected of the parish officers , events had proved , was beyond their power to perform . He contended , that the sense of the country was against the bill , as a practical measure , and adverted to the great number of the representatives of this part of the United Kingdom , who opposed it in the first instance . A great stress was laid upon the support the measure would receive from the influence and personal exertions of individuals in different quarters . This expectation had been miserably disappointed . In proof of which , his ldp . Referred to the case of the Cinque Ports , in which there was raised by the parish officers , but a single man . Let their ldps . but consider the circumstances of this case ; who the lord warden of the Cinque Ports was , the exertions which should be expected from him , in support of the measure , and his power and influence in that particular quarter ; and , if , under such circumstances , in a place where so many men were expected to be raised , only one man was to be found , it was a most unfavourable symptom as to the general efficacy of the measure . Where then have vanished all his boasted promises ? Were promises nothing ? And here the noble lord thought he might be indulged in a few observations upon the language then held out by the present ministers , in declaiming on the incapacity , and reprobating the measures of their predecessors . And who are the persons who compose the present administration , that have so successfully substituted vigour for weakness , talents for incapacity ? Does not the majority of the present 482 administration consist of those very persons who , when in place , were branded with imbecility ? The nature of the change which formed what is called the present administration , afforded much disappointment and regret to him ; much surprise and disappointment to the country at large . But what must now be the astonishment of every man , when we behold at the head ; of his maj. 's council , that very person whom his present vigorous and enlighten * ed colleagues then held out to the world as the very child and champion of incapacity itself . The measure , however , which that child of incapacity produced , was vigour and efficacy itself , when compared more especially with the measure now under discussion , of which so much had been so boastfully promised , and of which so little had been reduced to effect . In the course of eight months , by certain parts of the accounts , it appeared that no more than 1295 men were raised , and of these , the number applicable to general service was only 343 . In fact , not above the twentieth part of the expected number had been procured . It would be a misuse of their ldp . 's time to argue for the inefficiency of such a measure . And this was the only proof they had had of the vigour and energy of that administration , so high in their vaunts , and so gigantic in their promises . In saying this , he meant nothing personal to his maj. 's present ministers , for many1 of whom he had the highest respect . But he held it to be his duty , as a peer of parliament , and an hereditary counsellor of his sovereign , to speak the sincere conviction of his mind , as to their