only to throw no obstacles in the way of the investigation of the charges ; but had , on the contrary , pressed upon the board of admiralty , every consideration which seemed to him in the least calculated to accelerate the discussion . In support of this observation , the hon . offi- 267 cer proceeded to read an extract from a letter to Lord St. Vincent , as first lord of the admiralty , in June , 1803 , in which he alludes to the gross and unfounded charges made against him , and solicits their lordships to lose no time in ordering a strict investigation of his conduct . To this letter he received an answer , that the business should be referred to the commissioners of the navy board , and as soon as they had prepared a report on the subject , a copy should be furnished him . The hon . officer , still anxious to accelerate the investigation , wrote , on the 5th July , another letter , representing the propriety of his being called before the navy board , to afford such explanations as would materially facilitate a final decision . The whole of his correspondence with the admiralty had , he maintained , this dispatch in the investigation as the object dearest to his heart . It could not be at all contended , therefore , that if the matter was not fully investigated , any blame was to be attached to him in the business . Indeed , from a review of the whole of his conduct , he had no reason to shrink from enquiry . He was confident , that on every occasion , and during the whole of the service on which the charge was founded , he had never looked to private interest , but to the interest and the glory of his country . He had ample testimonies of the discipline , the healthiness , and the sailor-like apperance of the crew of the Romney while under his command , and he consoled himself , amidst malignant and unfounded charges , by the reflection that he had been fortunate enough to receive the good opinion of the most respectable men in the honorable profession to which he belonged . He was never conscious of having given an order for a single article which did not seem to him necessary to the public service . On the 26th of July , he wrote to sir Evan Nepean , in consequence of the laying his papers before the commissioners , repeating his solicitations to give his personal attendance on the enquiries , as the most expeditious mode possible for the object in view , and the only way of accelerating a decision . To this he received no answer : and , oh the 3d of Aug. he wrote to the navy board on the same subject , and requesting to have the question put , which he had put at Chatham : `` Whether , if the Romney had not received the repairs in question , considering the weather she experienced , she would not , in all probability , have 268 gone to the bottom ? `` —The hon . officer then observed , that his ship was in such a state , that a few days after his pennant was down , it was commissioned—an unprecedented occurrence . The hon . bart then explained what had passed at Calcutta , in the repairs of the different vessels under his command , none of which had been adverted to by the hon . gent . except the Romney , nor by the anonymous publication from which he had taken all his information . Here he could not omit to notice , that the anonymous publication had made no slight impression on certain gallant officers in the navy . In proof of this , the hon . bart . read an affidavit that had been volutarily made by a gent . who had been out with him as 3d , then as 2d lieut . and had afterwards been made commander by Lord St. Vincent