who had opposed each other with no common acrimony in questions supposed to be connected with the very salvation of the state , did happen to form a political coalition , he confessed lie thought such a coalition would be more liable to suspicions than a re-union of those who hardly ever had thought differently , and ' hardly at all on fundamental points . When he saw a union formed of those who thus had never agreed in constitutional doctrines , who had entertained such opposite sentiments on questions of peace or war , that the one had declared that peace on any reasonable or honourable terms was the policy to he adopted , and the other maintained that war was the system till a peace was obtained , which no man could have seriously believed to be , in the state of Europe which then existed , attainable ; when those who had formed the coalition , too , equally disagreed in their views of 517 domestic as well as of foreign policy , the one considering as deadly attacks on the liberties of the country those precautions which the other had supported as essential to the preservation of the country—such a coalition , he thought , marked it the object of universal astonishment , if not of indignation.—Much had been said of widening the basis of the administration ; but he confessed , that in looking at the circumstances he had just mentioned , he could not form any expectation that such an arrangement could be permanent or useful . Neither could he consider coalitions with a view to form such administrations as at all compatible with the principles of the constitution . The beauty of our government consisted in the just distribution of the power and influence of king , lords , and commons ; but a confederacy of powerful men to dictate the administration , would , in effect , annihilate king , lords and commons , and constitute an aristocratic usurpation , destructive to the balance of the constitution . Such , at least , had been the sentiments once entertained of a celebrated coalition by the noble baron on the other side , and those sentiments , having learned them from him and others , he still retained . His lordship concluded by saying , that he should give his decided negative to the motion proposed by the noble earl . said , he was free to confess that he never had expected the present measure to be very efficient , nor did he think it had turned out so ; notwithstanding that opinion , he would never bring himself to vote for its repeal , until it had had a fair trial , and unless something that appeared better was proposed to be substituted in its place . He did not think this measure could ever be said to have had a fair trial , until the penalties incurred by the parishes had been actually levied . It was not that he wanted to commute for penalties the service required , nor to raise an additional tax upon that pretence , but he thought that parliament was bound to uphold the measure , by the strict enforcement of the penalties , before the effect of it could be calculated , It was not improbable that there had been a great deal of indifference and neglect , from the supposition that these penalties would not be levied . Even when the measure should have had its fair trial , and supposing it should not be found as efficient as was expected , he 518 would not then vote for the repeal of it , unless something else should be recommended at the same time which promised to be more efficient . left the Woolsack , and took a view of the question . He compared the present act with that by which the army of reserve had been raised , and he contended , that the former followed up the spirit of the latter , moderating its operation because it was no longer necessary to apply it with so much energy . The