whole , or any part of that number In fact , could they be spared ? certainly not.—Proceeding to the consideration of the Additional Force bill , he observed , a sufficient number of men were not raised by it , to supply even the casualties of the army . After dwelling shortly upon this consideration , he observed , that a particular regulation might be introduced , and with the greatest facility , into our military system , which would be attended with the most beneficial consequences ; he meant the abolition of the practice of enlisting men into the army for life ; for the continuance of such a practice , he thought no argument could possibly be advanced . There was nothing that could make men 's minds revolt from entering into the military service of their country , but the idea , that , by so doing , they made a surrender of their personal liberties for life , without the possibility of retracting . Let their lordships look to the system of all the great military powers on the continent , with none of these , the practice of enlisting soldiers for life obtained , but in no country whatever was the abolition of such a practice more loudly called for than in Great Britain ; and not a more effectual remedy could be found to prevent desertion , than giving the men an assurance , that at a given time they might have their discharge . 796 Under the present system , the astonishment was not that so few men were procured , but that so many could be obtained . Another great objection to men 's freely entering into the army , was the apprehension of their being sent to the West India Islands . On this bead , he should be glad to hear , whether there was any fixed rule for sending out corps by rotation ; he was afraid not , but should be happy to learn that he was mistaken . In this part of the subject , another consideration presented itself , which , if well executed , might be carried into effect . He meant a well-regulated plan , for , as well as an extension of , the number of the black corps , for the purpose of colonial service , lie was aware , to a certain degree , of the obstacles which the jealousy of the planters and others in these colonies presented . In fact , the most of these were adverse to seeing the blacks in any other than a state of slavery . Under the present regulations of these corps , they were of very little service ; in these , a commission was regarded only as a step towards promotion : at first , commands in these were only given to officers who had served in the West Indies , but that salutary rule was not long followed ; however , he was of opinion , that this part of the military force could be rendered of essential service , under proper regulations . Another point was , the extravagantly high rate of living in these quarters , which should in some degree be countenanced , by a certain increase of pay . Judicious means should also be taken to counteract the prevalence of those dangerous maladies which were incidental to those climates . Adverting to the defensive military force of the country , he observed it was not long since deemed to be in that weak and alarming state , as to be the principal cause of a change in the executive administration ; and the greatest hopes were entertained of the vigour and efficacy of the measures of the new ministers . These , however , might be classed into two heads ; the first , the appointment of an extensive staff of brigadiers ; what the aggregate amount of this new expence was , he did not know ; but he believed it was taken at 2,5001. for each staff . The second was , the Additional Force bill , the merits of which were recently discussed