very long since some of them , at least , held a very different language . With them the talents and eloquence of the present chancellor of the exchequer , the vigour and energy of his character , if brought again into administration , would restore the tarnished honour of the country , and revive its drooping spirit . They waited but for his return to office , to effect all this . His powers , in that respect , seemed to be regarded by them , as not inferior to those attributed to Jupiter in the Heathen Mythology . Did he once appear , new life and vigour would be infused into every branch of the military service , and every department of the state : but , by some unfortunate and then unforeseen accident , like the ephemeral properties of a meteor , these admirable qualities seem all eclipsed , in the eyes of those whom he alluded to . Let the noble lords explain the causes of these apparent alterations , if they can . The interruptions which they were pleased occasionally to offer , should not perplex him , or draw him from the chain of his argument . He contended that the measure in question , so far from prejudicing or interfering with the other branches of the recruiting service , would contribute to give them additional efficacy . The noble earl observed , that the charge of coalition proceeded with an extraordinary ill grace indeed , from some noble lords opposite to him . Political men , without hazard of very severe censure , might coalesce , who had only differed respecting this or some former bill ; but it would require all the ingenuity of the noble lords opposite to give a satisfactory and convincing reason , why those should coalesce and unite who had pointedly differed upon every topic and upon every principle which had come under consideration , ever since their political existence.—Recurring again to the subject under consideration , he contended that the effects of the bill , as far as it had , had a fair opportunity of operating , were beneficial ; that from recent circumstances , and by what they had to look to prospectively , there was every right to assume it would be still more so ; that , as the military force at present stood , the troops were equally fit , in point of preparation , for limited or general service ; and that there was 491 every prospect of their being able , chiefly through the medium of this bill , to get a very large disposable force . The measure of repealing the bill would , under the present military system , be hazardous in the extreme ; the frame of the existing military establishments would be shaken by it : were they prepared to repeal the present militia acts , the army of reserve , or to restore the former practice of ballotting ? All these important queries should be satisfactorily answered , before they should think of repealing the measure under consideration . There was another objection , namely , that by repealing the present bill , one part of the united kingdom would be placed under a different military system from the other ; and the evils which might possibly result from such a consideration , were too obvious to be pointed out . On these , and other grounds , which he should not take up their lordships ' time by reciting , he was induced to give the noble earl 's motion a decided negative . rose . He began by assuring their lordships , that he never since his first entrance into parliament rose with more real satisfaction to give his support to any motion , than that which had this night been made by his noble friend for the repeal of this act . He felt himself particularly easy in saying this , because he was certain it must be in the recollection of every noble lord who was present , when he delivered his sentiments on this bill in its passage through the