read the motions he proposed to make in that instance , previous to his moving the question on any of them , that he might discover how the right hon . gent , opposite would feel , with respect to them , and if there should be any difficulty in acceding to them he had no objection to let them stand over , noticed with his other motions for Monday . The hon . gent , then read the string of motions he had prepared , the object of which was , to obtain copies or extracts of all dispatches or letters from sir E. Pellew and adm. Cochrane , relative to the state of the ports of Ferrol and Corunna , and the armaments said to have been carried on in them ; also relative to the sale of prizes in the ports of Spain , in Europe and America ; and to the quantity of naval and military stores supplied to our squadrons from the ports of Spain since the commencement of the present war . expressed a wish , that the hon . member would postpone his motions till Monday , on the ground that it might be necessary to consider how far it would be proper to comply with them , consistently with the public service.—The motions were then noticed for Monday . next intimated an opinion , that it would be desirable to have the object of the hon . gent 's other motions more specifically stated , in order to afford an opportunity of considering them , previous to their being submitted to the house . in explanation of his object , 144 stated , that his wish was to have the omissions appearing in the papers before the house , supplied as fully as possible . In the first packet of instructions transmitted by Lord Hawkesbury to Mr. Frere , forming the first document in the published papers , there was a reference to previous communications , which , as they did not appear , it was his wish to obtain . Another object was to obtain copies of the discussions that must necessarily have taken place during the chasms of many months that appeared in the papers , for the purpose of completing the links of discussion , from the first question of difference to the final rupture ; and lastly , he wished to have the house put in possession of the discussions that might have taken place between the Spanish ministers and our govt . here ; and also the communications that might have been made to our minister by the Spanish govt . after his demand for his passports . moved , that the order for their lordships going into a committee upon the matters alleged against Mr. Justice Fox , and the papers and documents respecting the same , on the 7th of Feb. be discharged . This the noble marquis generally stated , he was principally induced to do by the consideration of the great distance many of the witnesses who were meant to be brought forward on the occasion , had necessarily to travel ; some from remote parts of Ireland , and to whom it would be impracticable to arrive in due time , in reference to the day at first appointed for the commencement of the investigation . Under this impression , and with a view to the circumstances of this case , he should propose that a similar order be made for the is 18th of Feb. which his lordship seemed to think the earliest 145 practicable day.—This proposition meeting the concurrence of their lordships , the order as above was forthwith discharged , and renewed for the 18th of next month . The noble marquis then moved , that a message be sent to the Commons , requesting they would permit the ' attendance of the following members of that house , to give evidence before the said committee , namely , sir T. Featherstone , bart . hon . G. L. Cole , sir James Stewart , bart . and M. Archdall , esq . Ordered . presented , in pursuance