the attention of ministers was engrossed by ridiculous projects , and all this from men who were to exalt the amount and character of our disposable force , to a point of unprecedented glory . With all their boasting , they had done nothing , and those ministers whom they had traduced as the weakest and most inefficient of rulers , had now obtained as complete a triumph over their accusers as if they had actually returned to power . Yet after such decisive evidence of the inadequacy of the measure , he was astonished to find the noble lord declaring that it was the intention of ministers to persevere in it . But the house was told that the differences which formerly stood in the way of the bill were now done away , and that henceforth local influence and personal zeal would produce astonishing effect . Their lordships certainly had no reason to be very sanguine , from the experience of these circumstances , on which the whole efficacy of the bill was grounded . It was not a little remarkable that in Kent , where the influence of the noble lord ( Camden ) might be supposed lo be powerful , only 11 men out of the quota required had been procured . In the North Riding pf Yorkshire , with which another noble lord ( Mulgrave ) was peculiarly connected , not even one individual had been procured under the provisions of the bill . Was it not pretty conclusive evidence of what was to be expected from the continuance of this nugatory and oppressive measure ? It was , however , on such grounds as these , that their lordships were called on to resist the repeal . Even previous to experience , a majority of the representatives for this part of the kingdom had voted against it , as wholly inadequate to the object which it professed to have in view . It would be unaccountable indeed , if they should now alter that vote , after the grounds of it had been so completely established by experience . Viewing the bill in this light , he most cordially acquiesced in the motion of his noble friend , and hoped that a majority of their lordships would see reason to vote for the repeal . begged the attention of the house for one moment . Some ( expressions had fallen from the noble lord 488 who spoke last , which he , consistently with the rank he had the honour to hold in the army , could not silently pass over . He must protest against the idea of any man whatever being trepanned into his maj. 's service ; if he thought the bill had such an effect , he should be one of the last to support it . said , that no correct opinion could be formed of the bill , of which so much complaint had been made , without attending to the state of the country at the commencement of the war , and to its immediate situation when the bill was passed . Prior to that event , the military forces were very considerably reduced , and the extraordinary means that tere employed to restore the army to its former establishment , on the spur of the occasion , suddenly dried up those sources from which abundant supply might have been expected . That they must have been exhausted was obvious , when noble lords adverted to the prodigious number of men raised in a very short interval . The army of reserve bill raised of the militia alone 50,000 . In addition to these , 46,000 were raised for more permanant duty ; and , in the whole , in the short space of 15 months , 200,000 individuals were united to the national force . The unavoidable result of this sudden accession , was those excessive bounties , the inevitable consequence of which had been truly stated . It became absolutely necessary to discontinue the expedient of the ballot ; it would neither procure the men , nor could the country bear the weight of this