country , to unhinge all the measures that have ? hitherto been devised for its defence and security . vindicated the measures of fete administration of which he had formed a part , in conjunction with the noble bacon ( Grenville ) , who this night had been no acrimonious in his charge against his Bitter colleagues . Not one of the measures that had been adopted but he could fully justify , and the noble baron must be sensible as he was of the expediency or 828 the necessity by which they were vindicated . The noble viscount expatiated on the merits of our victories in Egypt , and claimed the full praise of them to the administration of which he was then a member . He was not a little astonished at the mode of proceeding which some noble lords had adopted in defending the motion : almost the whole of their arguments were directed against the Additional Force bill , and seemed to have nothing in view but its repeal . This surely was not a very parliamentary mode of proceeding ; for not much more than a fortnight ago a motion had been directly made and negatived by that house for a repeal of that act ; yet , if the arguments urged now in defence of the present motion were properly considered , they would be found to have no other object in view but the repeal of that act , respecting which their lordships had already decided . could not but express , his surprise at the complete misrepresentation , by the noble viscount , of what had been advanced on his side of the house . It was not merely the repeal of the defence act which the present motion had in contemplation , but a great variety of other improvements , and the adoption of other means by which our military system might be much perfected . Equally inconsistent was the noble and learned lord on the woolsack in urging the same objection ; for when the repeal of the act was proposed , that learned lord opposed the Motion on the ground that it referred to a single measure , and to no new system of measures that might tend to supply its place . When a motion was now proposed to furnish that new system or the opportunity of devising it , that motion equally met with the learned lord 's disapprobation and opposition . Such misrepresentations and inconsistencies it was impossible for him to allow to pass by unnoticed and un-reproved . Of the necessity of such a motion as the present he was convinced , and under that conviction he must vote for its adoption.—The question was loudly called for , and on a division there appeared for the motion— contents 52 Non-contents 127 Majority 75 rose for the purpose of opposing the resumption of the debate now . His intention was , if the house should agree with him in negativing that motion , to follow up the question by a motion for hearing counsel on behalf of the sheriff 's previous to resuming the debate on some future day , it was not his wish to enter 830 into the merits of , the question , nor to discuss , whether evidence , should be . examined . At the bar , or the resolutions of Committee be adopted by the house ? These considerations were altogether out of his view in the present instance . However these questions might be finally disposed of , he contended that the house could not consistently with justice agree to the report without bearing what the parties had to say . It had been argued on a former day , that it would be idle in the house to try this question , because if had already been fully tried by the committee themselves , on oath , and on evidence taken , upon oath , with the advantage of the comments of counsel , and a view of the countenances of the witnesses . The question therefore was , whether the house should or should not agree to