to accede to the res integra of the proceedings he recommended . A great deal of additional difficulty appeared to him to be thrown in the way of such concurrence by this consideration , that the house had already made an order that the parties accused should be heard at the bar . This order had been announced to those parties , in consequence of which they were in attendance , and prepared , no doubt , to produce farther evidence , perhaps of some persons who were out of the way , or were not known when the case was under the investigation of the committee . By such farther examination of evidence , the parties might expect to be able to lay before the house a more favourable view of their cause . After such an order , and such probable preparation in consequence , it appeared to him that it would be highly unjust to make a new order at the present moment . It would be , in fact , to say to the parties , `` although we have made an order that you should be heard at the bar to-day ; although you may have taken great trouble to collect evidence to throw new light upon your case , and to repel the charges against , you , yet we have changed our mind , and you can not be heard ; we mean to re-consider the subject . '' Such would be the language of the house to the accused , should the proposition of the rt . hon . gent . be adopted . The practice referred to by the right hon . gent , which prevailed before the enactment of the Grenville bill , was not , he contended , analogous to the case under consideration , or to any case under that bill ; for , in the former instance , it was to be recollected , that the committees upon election petitions were , though nominally select committees , accessible to all the members of the house ; and therefore , every member might attend to examine and cross-examine the evidence . Of course , the report of such committees must be different , in the estimation of the house , from those of the committees under the Grenville act , which consisted but of a few members . In the one case , all the members of the house were competent to attend and investigate any part of the subject , while , in the other , only a few select persons were permitted to do so . This difference he the more dwelt on , in order to shew , that from the change which 278 had taken place in the jurisdiction upon election cases , the course formerly pursued was not fairly applicable at present . The right hon . gent , had endeavoured to support his proposition by resorting to the popular argument , which , in his opinion , could make no impression upon any candid , rational man ; namely , that because the witnesses would not be on Oath at the bar , although they were so before the committee , that therefore we should have no examination of evidence whatever before the house . The question for consideration , was not whether the committee was more competent to investigate a charge against individuals , and to ascertain their guilt or innocence . Perhaps the court of King 's Bench was still more competent to such an investigation . But that was not the point before the house . The question was this , whether , when executing the office of a criminal judicature , the house would act according to its own constitution , or to the principles of equity , if it proceeded to pronounce judgment without any examination of evidence as to the nature of the case upon which it was called on to judge ? In declaring a negative to this question , he had little doubt of being supported by a full consideration of the practice of the house , and by the opinion of dispassionate men