principle of the army of reserve act was to raise men by imposing pecuniary penalties on parishes ; the present bill did the same in a much less degree , because the army of reserve act had done all that could be desired from it . Indeed , a more useful measure , he was satisfied , never had obtained his concurrence ; and happy he was to reflect , that all the military measures of the incapable and imbecile ministry , as it was called , had his most cordial and conscientious approbation . If the present act was repealed , it would only have the effect indeed , to repeal the only new military measure of the present cabinet , and to revive the army of reserve act , that reprobated measure of the incapable administration . He contended that the bill had not had a fair trial , for how could it be expected , that after bounties had been so high as 60l . and 701. men would all at once be found for 12l. ? nor could they be found , if it was understood that the present act was to be repealed , and new measures , or the old , under which bounties had been so high , were again to be resorted to . He begged it to be understood , that he entirely concurred in thinking , that the pecuniary penalties should be inforced , if not , that would be an argument with him for repealing the act . As to other topics that had been dwelt upon that night , he thought it did not become him to say any thing . Every noble lord was the only judge of the him of conduct it appeared to him right to pursue ; but still if there appeared any great inconsistency or change in the sentiments and opinions of any one member of that house , it was equally competent to any other noble lord to advert upon this inconsistency , and oppose the authority of the same noble lord , in his conduct at another time , to the authority of the opinion which he now expressed . made a short reply , in which he denied any intention of exciting 519 personal animosities between any noble lords , but insisted that he had an undoubted right to observe generally on the composition the govt . All coalitions on his side of the house were treated with the greatest asperity , and he thought he had at least an equal right to animadvert upon those coalitions which were made on the other side , apparently in dereliction of all principle , with no other view but dividing among them places of profit and emoluments of office . He considered it a fair and proper subject of remark , that so great a change had recently taken place in his majesty 's govt . as that the leading member in the late incapable administration , had now so conspicuous a station and so great an influence in the present , and that the majority of the cabinet should now be Composed of those very men who had composed that incapable ministry , which the present minority in that cabinet had so lately contributed to overthrow . He did not think the noble lord ( Melville ) had any right to dictate to him or his friends . It reminded him of a celebrated dramatic performance , in which a great northern character , sir Pertinax Mac Sycophant , is perpetually giving lectures on the morality of bowing , and the virtues of political consistency . He could by no means agree with the statement of a noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) that 200 men a week had been raised by this bill since it began to operate . He considered the present system wholly inefficient and radically bad , and wished that the act should be expunged from the journals of parliament . The house then divided , when there appeared , For Earl Darnley 's motion 45 Against it 113 Majority against the motion , 68 said , he