have totally failed . Speaking in the language of common sense , I take the purpose for which that measure was designed , and with a view to which it was adopted , to have completely failed ; the consequence of which must be one of two things : either we must give up the object which we had in view by that measure , or adopt some other mode of carrying it into effect . Yet it did give me some surprise , that nothing was said upon that measure itself : neither was our attention called to any thing of that nature . I hope and trust we shall have these matters soon discussed ; and in this I am the more confident , when I recollect that those who had not been generally the first to advise the house to take into its own Lands , as some persons called it , the functions of executive govt . by originating measures for the safety of the country in this house , had been resolute on points similar to this , feeling , as they said they did , they could not safely leave them to ministers . The right hon . gent , not only supported measures of that kind , but brought some of them forward himself ; and , although he did not then persuade the house to adopt them , yet he had nearly all the effect of persuasion , by convincing the house that something of the kind ought to be adopted . I hope that system will be followed up now ; for as to the efficiency of the new bill I have just alluded to , which kept the house in a suc- 34 cession of debates , I believe that is entirely out of the question . I believe the advantage of it , as a system to increase the military strength of the country , to be none.—As to the Spanish war , his majesty informs the house , that he intends to lay the papers before us relative to that subject , and therefore to prejudge it would be unwise . I have , however , no difficulty in saying , that the seizing of the Spanish frigates , loaded and destined as they were , does certainly bear an unseemly appearance , and one not much to the honour of this country . Never was there a time when this nation ought to stand so clear of all reproaches similar to those which I allude to in , the present instance.—There is mention made in the speech of the violation of the law of nations by the French govt . We should never look at such conduct without the most pointed disapprobation ; bur , if we are to make that a part of the war in which we are engaged , it is exceedingly material that we , who thus contend for good faith , moderation , and justice , should be ourselves faithful , moderate , and jus ; . 1 should have thought so at any time , and under any circumstances ; but more especially at this time , and under the present circumstances , as we make the want of justice and moderation the principal cause of the war . I therefore hope , that neither Spain , nor any of the surrounding nations , whether neutral or at war , whether they vie with each other for outrage , violation , and contempt of the law of nations , or for their reverence for them , will not have it in their power to accuse us justly of any outrage , violation , or contempt of the law of nations , or even , of any indifference to the principles of equity and moderation ; and I hope that no partiality for our own country will induce us to overlook any of those principles , whether we look towards Spain or any other power ; but that we shall view our own conduct as we would that of a nation that was indifferent to us , with a , due regard