is stated : by a 19 noble lord as being notorious , that money supplies have been given by Spain to France , affords in itself a satisfactory proof of the justice of the war . Admitting that fact simply , I must go farther for an explanation of the grounds of war . I by no means wish to weaken or to diminish in any degree the just rights of the realm , in maintaining the laws of nations . But , on the other hand , with every leaning towards our own claims and rights , we ought not to be betrayed into a temper that shall make us forget what is due to our enemies . It ought to be recollected , that by the law of nations , a supply of succours by a neutral power to an enemy , to a limited extent , previously ascertained , and that by treaty concluded before the war , is not to be considered as an act of hostility , nor made the ground of a rupture . This is not my individual opinion alone , but it is the recognized sentiment of civilized Europe ; and therefore I say , the mere noted fact of Spain having fulfilled her mere treaty with France , is not upon the face of it a justification of the war . But it is impossible to speak until we shall see the papers . I must , however , concur with my noble friend ( the earl of Carlisle ) , that there are two points of view in which the war with Spain is to be examined ; namely , as to the question of right , and the question of expediency . It is not merely requisite that the house and the nation should be convinced that the war was actually provoked , but also that in the mode of conducting the explanations that were demanded , and in all the steps that led to it , there was no harshness that could have been avoided . It is necessary to shew us that we have not merely right on our side , but that we did not by any improper , violent , and unjustifiable precipitation on our part , hurry them to a rupture , that by prudence , respect , and dignified forbearance , might have been prevented . It is only by facts , as they shall come out in the papers to be laid on the table , that these two points can be ascertained . And I only say , therefore , for the present , that a very unfavourable impression has been made on the public mind by the manner in which this rupture first manifested itself . This unfavourable impression is universally felt , and it is essential to the British character that it should be removed . Facts only can remove it ; and I therefore trust , that no time will be lost by ministers , in giving 20 us the means of forming a true , candid , and fair judgment . I have expressed no opinion that the capture of the Spanish frigates off Cape St. Mary is unwarranted by the law of nations ; but the impression made by that proceeding is bad , nor is it in the least removed by what has been declared this day from authority ; I mean that , before the capture was known at Madrid , our minister had demanded his passports , and quitted that city . God forbid that the departure of an ambassador from a country to which he was accredited , should be considered tantamount to a declaration of war , or a just ground for it ! I shall , however , refrain from saying any thing farther upon the subject until a proper opportunity , and I hope that other noble lords will reserve themselves until the necessary documents shall be laid before the house . I shall only repeat , that I lament the unfavourable opinion which the capture of the Spanish squadron has produced . In a war like the present