by the noble lord 's motion . Proceeding again to a detached consideration of the subject , he contended , that from the numbers raised already in the course of the present year , there was every right , taking an average calculation , to suppose that 24,000 men , at least , would be raised before the expiration of the year . Let these numbers be compared with the numbers of men raised within the same intervals , would be still more strongly in his facour . The present aggregate military force was within so small a number as 8,000 , of what it amounted to in the concluding years of the late war ; taking the subject in every possible point of view , the legislature and the government were called upon to persevere in the system already laid down ; the more especially , when the situation of the country , with relation to foreign powers , and still more so , with respect to the enemy , was considered and particularly as far as a disposable force was concerned . His lordship spoke shortly in defence of the army of reserve bill , deeming it upon the whole a good measure and through which a number of men were raised ; but at the same time admitted its unavoidably injurious tendency , in raising , throughout the medium of compe- 799 tition , the bounties to a very high rate . With respect to the noble baron 's calculations , that not a greater number than 53,000 men were obtained for general service , he begged leave to differ from him . By his referring to the documents , he thought it must incontrovertibly appear , than 74,000 men were at least obtained for that service . In reference to the ideas suggested , relative to the black corps , he had to observe , that steps were taken for the amelioration of that part of our colonial force . ; and as to the rules by which we next were guided , in selecting troops for the West India station , he had only to remark , that care was taken , that such men were preferably sent out , as were least likely to be injured by those climates . Upon the whole , he trusted , that he had proved , and he hoped the determination of their lordships would evince it , that no adequate reason or ground existed for the appointment of such a committee as was moved for by the noble lord . said , that the notification of the motion now before the house had induced his attendance this night . He thought the motion of his noble friend one of the best in every point of view , that could possibly be devised , in the present circumstances of the country : the motion did his noble friend credit , as well as his mode of treating the subject . The noble secretary who answered , or rather who attempted to answer his noble friend ; expressed his hope that the house , would decide against the motion ; but his hope , his wish , and his advice to the house were that the motion should be agreed to . From the general terms of the motion , which was , that a committee be appointed to revise the acts that have been passed in the two last sessions , for the defence of the country , it was allowable for him to enter into a discussion of these acts , of one of them at least , he should do so , and he trusted in such a way , although it was considered by his noble friend , in that point of view , as that he should convince their lordships its leading provisions were mischievous , injurious , and absurd . The view taken by his noble friend of the act to which he alluded , was chiefly of a military nature . In what he had laid . down in that view of it , he agreed with his noble friend ; but