how much it will increase : and as to the consideration of the extent to which it will go , there is , on that ground , nothing more to be objected to this than to the horse tax the salt tax , or any other tax . If the tax is found such as the subject can pay . I see no reason why it should not , like other taxes , be augmented . Confident I am , that the more the productiveness of this tax is studied , the more will its beneficial effects be experienced . When I had first the honour of introducing the income tax , I took the sum total of the rental of the kingdom at 25 millions . The operation of this bill has however proved that the real amount is not less than 34 million , and assessments to that extent have been formed . There is no evidence whatever , that the commercial part of the kingdom do not pay their fair proportion : on the contrary , the assessments on this part of the public property , exhibits a fair and very extensive payment of the tax . denied that the arguments for the increase of the property tax were such as applied to all taxes . For when a house tax became too high , a man might avoid it by ceasing to keep any house ; but property was a thing by which there could be no limit till the whole was taken . With respect to wine , tea , or any other articles of consumption , taxation might proceed without reserve , because the individual would always have it in his power , as soon as the tax became oppressive and intolerable to him , to desist from them , He therefore preferred taxation of this sort to proceeding on dangerous principles , taking 558 by little and little from , the property of the subject , till the reduction was tantamount to the risque of the whole , livery body knew how human nature was worked upon by every thing that assailed it by degrees . He remembered a fable , which , to elucidate the force of habit , related , that a woman in a certain village had a calf , which she accustomed herself to take in her arms every day , and from the gradual increase , was able to bear it when it came to be a large ox . The fable was a good one , but he did not like it in its application to the present case . For , however we might be able to bear this little calf , we could not possibly bear the great fat ox it would grow to . He , therefore Could not possibly approve of a tax that had no natural limit in itself . thought it sufficient to quiet the hon gentleman 's alarms , to state , that , in order to come to the point he stated , we should continue at war 94 years . moved the order of the day for the 3d reading of the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension bill . rose and stated , that it was his intention to propose an amendment . Understanding that the principal ground for passing the bill , without instituting a previous inquiry , was the notoriety that a treasonable disposition existed in certain parts of Ireland , he trusted that he should have the support of those who maintained that such notoriety existed , in the amendment he should propose . To be consistent with themselves they could not withhold their assent to his proposition , which would go directly to the asserting of what they had invariably stated as the true grounds for the suspension . interrupted the hon . gent . and stated , that the practice of the house was first to read the bill , previous to offering any amendment . said , he did not vise to occupy the attention of the house any farther , than by adverting to a precedent for a similar proceeding , quoted