as much in acts of omission as of commission . Their conduct with respect to the mill voters was highly reprehensible . observed , that the hon . gent ( Mr. Smith ) seemed to be mistaken respecting the power of the magistrates at the election . The power was chiefly vested in the sheriffs on these occasions , and it depended on them to restore order , and keep within due bounds the proceedings of the mob . They , therefore , were answerable for whatever misconduct might have taken place . explained , by observing that he did not say that it was the business of the magistrates in the first instance to quell the tumult ; but only said , that if the conduct of the mob was so gross as it was on some occasions represented , the magistrates might have interfered , and the sheriffs would scarcely have refused their concurrence in such measures.—The question was then loudly called for , and strangers were ordered to withdraw . Whilst we were excluded from the gallery , the house agreed to the resolutions of the committee without a division . On our re-admission we found on his legs , commenting on a motion which had been submitted to the house by Mr. Rose , grounded on the re- 854 port to which they had agreed . The motion was , that the conduct of the sheriffs was in violation of their duty , contrary to law and in breach of the privileges of that house . Mr. Fox was observing , that if they were to rely on the neglect of referring to the land tax assessments , as a gross instance of the violation of law in the conduct of the sheriffs , that ought to be expressed in the motion . It ought to be particularly stated , especially as there was not a single sentence in the resolutions they had agreed to , that warranted-such a charge . observed , that it was on all hands agreed that the conduct of the sheriffs had been extremely improper in admitting the Mill votes ; but there was a doubt entertained1 whether they had acted corruptly , and not rather from neglect Or inattention . This might be discovered by a reference to other parts of their conduct . The under sheriff 's opinion relative to a reference to the land-tax assessments , seemed to be formed on a supposition that the act of parliament was absurd , he thought that the house should follow up its adoption of the resolutions of the committee , with some other proceedings , for the sake of asserting the right of electors , as well as the privileges of the house ; and he had only to regret the length of time that it had been delayed.—The question was then put on the motion , when in order to obviate the argument of the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Fox ) , thought , that , as the most striking breach of law that had been committed by the sheriffs , was their having admitted the votes of persons who were not to be found in the assessments to the land tax , the words `` as well as by refusing to refer to the assessments to the land tax , '' should be inserted in the motion . As this formed part of the guilt of the sheriffs , it ought to be expressed in the resolution of the house , especially as it had been attempted by some persons to define the duty of the sheriffs , otherwise than as the law directed . This would be a security that no sheriffs hereafter would act as those sheriffs had done in the instance under consideration . thought that the greatest breach of law committed by the sheriffs , was their having omitted to conform to the injunctions of an act of parliament which no man could deny to be highly improper . As the committee had made 855 no report on the subject , it was not unlikely that the committee saw reasons for