unreasonable grounds of objection to the address , which I shall by . 26 and-by have the honour of moving . I am perfectly persuaded , that there are many paragraphs in his majesty 's speech which must occasion universal joy and satisfaction to all those who have the good of their country , and the tranquillity of the world at heart ; but I am aware , at the same ; time , that there are others where the in formation given may not seem to many gentlemen so complete as they could have wished . These are points , however , which at present ought not to be rashly and prematurely introduced into discussion , till the desirable information relating to them can be conveniently laid before the house . Of these I would particularly advert to the second paragraph , which refers to the war with Spain . Upon this subject the opinions entertained will probably be very different , a cording to the particular view in which each individual may be disposed to regard it . But till the papers which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to order to be laid before us , for the purpose of bringing the affair completely under our view , shall be produced , the propriety of refraining from any long discussion on this head must he obvious to every impartial person . It is impossible that any man can with justice pretend to give any clear and decided opinion on a point , relative to which his information must as yet be considered as extremely defective . Considering the times and the circumstances in which we are placed , every possible regard , it must be obvious , ought to be paid to candour and moderation.—With regard to the pacific overtures which , we are informed , have been made to his majesty , these , I am sure , must have afforded the highest plea , sure and satisfaction to every one ; and after the variety of opinions that have been , delivered by many gentlemen in this house on the situation of this country and the continent , it must indeed be highly gratifying that the present state of affairs afford so flattering and cheering a prospect . All of us must have felt no small degree of delight and satisfaction at receiving proofs off the just sense which the Emperor of Russia appears to entertain of the aggressions and outrageous conduct of France . There are now the best grounds of hope that the continental nations will be awakened to a proper sense of what is due to themselves and to the liberties of Europe , in case France should persist in a line of conduct which may render it impossible to restore the blessings of peacet—Sir , with regard to the 27 defence of the country , the measures that lave been adopted for the furtherance of that great object , have , as his majesty Informs us , been attended with the most happy effect . Much of the merit that belongs to this circumstance , may be justly claimed by the wisdom of parliament , and the zeal and ardour of the people . Yet , for the respectability of our defensive situation , much is also due to the exertions of the executive govt . To his majesty 's ministers we owe the excellent state of defence in which Ireland has been placed , a part of the empire which the enemy may , per-laps , be disposed to consider as the most eligible point of attack . His majesty has directed us to turn our attention to another point , which he justly states as of the utmost importance . He has requested that we should give him that support which alone can enable him to bring the present contest to a safe and honourable termination . The greatest eagerness has been manifested by this house , to give his majesty the most effectual support in its power , and I trust that , at this moment , the exertions of parliament will not be discontinued . His majesty