friends of the late minister , thought it right to observe that it did not follow , because a measure had been opposed before it received the sanction of parliament , that it should also be opposed afterwards , He appealed to the house , whether such had been the practice of parliament , or whether opposition , in the first instance , was supposed to imply the necessity of continued resistance ? Most of the measures which many gentlemen thought to be objectionable at first , were amended in their progress through the house ; and consequently , when stamped with the approbation of parliament , were entitled to concurrence and support . As to the present subject , the question appeared to be , whether it had received a fair trial ; but he thought not ; and therefore that it should not be repealed on light ground . If he were asked whether he preferred the army of reserve to the defence bill , he should answer in the affirmative ; but it could not be inferred , in sound reasoning , that he ought therefore to oppose the latter . Before he assented to the repeal of the present bill , or rather before he was called on to do so , it was the duty of the gentlemen who proposed it to bring forward their plan , in order that he might be able to decide on its superior efficacy and advantages . If this bill fee repealed , there is no substitute for it as 771 yet ; and we must depend , of course , on the voluntary zeal of the country . As the reserve act was repealed , parliament should keep this substitute , otherwise the force of the country would be completely unhinged , and the public councils justly charged with inconsistency and fluctuation , which surely ought to be guarded against . He did not approve of the plan proposed for limited service , because it could not be sufficiently expeditious for the pressure of the moment , nor did he think it at all likely to be attended with the success which was sanguinely expected by some gentlemen from its adoption . As to the fines , he should say that they must be enforced , and if the country supposed that parliament was not in earnest , no progress could be made with this bill , or its merits be fairly tried . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer pledged himself that the measure should not operate as a tax , and therefore he thought that alarm on that head ought to be wholly removed . He did not know on what ground the hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) appealed to him and the friends of the late minister for their support on this occasion , when that hon . gent . or his friends , had not voted with the late administration ; on the contrary , they even partially supported this very measure against the noble lord ( Sidmouth ) . The hon . gent . even with all his professions , the sincerity of which he by no means questioned , and with all the feelings which he expressed for the noble lord alluded to , had not , he believed , given him one vote during his administration . Hence no application could be made for the support of the noble lord 's friends on the ground of reciprocity or interchange of interests . When this plan of offence was opened by the right hon . gent , then out of office , it had the cordial support of gent . on the other side of the house , and they did not oppose it until he proposed it at the head of an administration of which they formed no part . Both he and those with whom he acted , performed a painful duty , when , in its conscientious discharge , they resisted this bill , and endeavoured to maintain the former ; and he believed they were now of one mind , to support