stupid as the bill itself . It is not a measure in which the people are only to judge of a matter in which they are not the actors . No , sir , all the people know what is going on ; they are behind , the scenes ; they are under the apron of this famous puppet-shew . Every one of them has something to do in the business . They have to pull the wires and the strings of the machine . You wo n't make them believe they have raised men , when they know they have raised none . There seems to be three simple points on which this question turns . First , has this bill failed or not ? Secondly , if it has failed , is it likely , by continuing in operation , to atone for its failure by future success ? And , thirdly , is the experiment itself mischievous and dangerous ? Here the house will not fail to recollect , that this was a measure recommended to us , not as a flow and progressively operating scheme , which , in process of time , should improve the military force of the country , and perfect the means of-raising a regular army . No , sir , it was a scheme pressed upon the house , at a time when its great author spoke of nothing but of counting , not months and weeks , but days and hours , whenever the necessities and the dangers of the country were to be considered . It was a plan by which a quick and unprecedented addition of force was to be made far army , far exceeding any thing that our the silly , weak administration were capable of effecting . It was to give us , and to give at speedily , the means ; of resisting , all foreign efforts , and of enabling us to repel that torrent of liquid fire about to be 729 poured out on this nation , and to retort upon the proud and daring invader , all the horrors with which , in the intoxication of his insolence , he had dared to menace us.—It has been said by some persons , that my right hon . friend , who introduced this subject this session , treated it with considerable levity , and that from the abundance of his merriment , it is not possible to believe that he was really serious in his representation of the very deficient state of the military measures pursued by the present ministers . There are Some things , sir , that are of such a description as must infallibly awaken the sense of ridicule ; 'Ridiculum acri quid vetat . ' When , after being listened to attentively , and the means afforded him unsparingly , the boaster fails egregiously in every one of his grand and vaunted projects , the sense of ridicule is irresistibly excited . What did he promise ? Was it a mere measure of finance ? No such thing ! It was a measure for the raising of men for military service . The only hope of service that any man can expect from the bill , is quite different from the object held out to the house and the country at the introduction and passing of it . If you were to contract for a certain number of excellent horses to mount a corps of light artillery upon , and your contractor brought , instead of them , an equal number of stout , orderly , well-behaved oxen , could you mount your light artillery upon them , or would you think he had performed his promise , and complied with the terms or the spirit of his contract ? In order to try whether the right hon . gent . has failed or not in his lofty and extensive promises to the house , it is necessary to touch but lightly on mere matters of figures , Since the particulars have been already so ably detailed to you , and commented upon . On this point your