remarkable for their loyalty and attachment to the British constitution and British connexion ; but who were at the same time a strong minded people , not likely to be satisfied with a measure of this nature , unless sufficient cause for it were shewn to them . He should , therefore , conclude with moving , as an amendment to the motion , the omission of the latter part of the motion , from the word 'that , ' for the purpose of inserting these words , `` that a committee , consisting of 21 members , be formed by ballot , to examine such documents as may be laid before them , and to report to this house their opinion upon these documents , whether the continuance of the suspension of the habeas corpus act be a measure necessary to the tranquillity of Ireland at the present time . '' agreed that the greater 314 part of the people of Ireland were altogether as loyal as the people of this country ; but the circumstances in which Ireland stood at present were distinct from those of any former time . It was not alone the machinations of committees of united Irishmen sitting in Paris , that were to be apprehended and guarded against , but multitudes of them distributed along the whole coast of the French empire , prepared for invasion , communicating with the disaffected at home , and sending emissaries before them to excite discontent , and insurrection among the people . Under these circumstances , it was prudent and necessary to continue the suspension ; and not to endanger the constitution by exposing it , with unguarded confidence , to the attacks of those who would take shelter behind it for the purpose of destroying it . It was well known , that hired emissaries from France had come to Ireland with the treasonable designs of exciting disaffection , and conveying information . His great object in supporting the measure now proposed was to prevent these wretches from prosecuting their infamous purposes . deplored the necessity which he supposed the govt . felt of proposing so very strong a measure , without a full and previous explanation of the grounds on which it was demanded . If the necessity was shewn , he was sure no person would differ from them in a moment like the present . He would not , however , refuse his assent because the necessity was not shewn . He wished to call the attention of ministers to the full consideration of the state of Ireland , as he had repeatedly endeavoured to do before . He was , therefore , prepared to give them the most ample support they could desire ; though there existed no disturbance , nor apprehension of distraction , to prevent their looking into the whole state and system of the country with a view to that general amelioration which was so much required . It was in the hope and with the design , that no local troubles , no partial disaffection , should call off the attention of parliament , or of his maj. 's cabinet , from the consideration that Ireland at large demanded and deserved of it , that he supported this measure , which was particularly necessary in a war like the present . He lamented again that it was not advisable to state the grounds on which the renewal of the suspension was asked , as they must be secrets of state ; and when he acceded 315 to the measure , he hoped and trusted his maj. 's ministers would turn their serious attention to the state of Ireland at large . said , it did not surprise him much that gentlemen should receive the proposition for this measure with so much coldness ; but he happened , in the course of his official connection with the govt . of Ireland , to have the melancholy experience of circumstances to prove the necessity for this measure , and he had no hesitation , for one , to declare it was in dispensably requisite for the tranquillity of that