one of these has entered for general service . It does appear , from a particular examination of the whole matter , upon abundant proof , that the parish officers are much worse agents , with all the local and sympathetic engines , for raising men for the army , than the regimental recruiters . It appears that they have not been so solicitous to give the king a good soldier , as they have been to get rid of a vagrant . Hence , in Lancashire there have been 255 deficient by desertion or otherwise . Where the right hon . gentleman 's own influence was particularly directed , 11 men were procured , all of whom deserted , and in that particular district where his 733 own authority and popularity are so abounded , where all the people admire him as a general , as much as they venerate him as a politician and a statesman , I mean the Cinque-ports , the spot of his own residence , he has contrived so far to stimulate martial policy as to have been able to raise one man ! ac ille leo est ! I wish we could get a look at this extraordinary man . He must be a very Hercules . He is an extraordinary recruit indeed ! This reminds me of the story of lord Donegal 's troop of light horse . When a certain general asked where lord Donegal 's troop of light horse were , a man rode up , and said , ' I am lord Donegal 's troop . ' So , if you ask where the parish volunteers are , out steps a man from the Cinque ports , and says , ' , Here I am . ' Really , sir , if ever there was a bill introduced into parliament which was calculated to bring to disgrace its author , it is this miserable measure . However we may differ in subdivisions here , we can have but one heart and one mind in defending the country ; but to pause about continuing this bill is what I can not account for ; it is a cheat , an imposition . You come into a parish and you say , 'Give me a soldier . ' The parish officer says , ' I ca n't ; I have not got one . ' You then turn round , like an impudent bully , and tell him , 'Very well , then , if you do n't put twenty pounds in a certain place , I shall find a way of making you . ' To those who complain so much of the parish officers not having done their duty under this bill , I would ask why the privy council did not set them a good example , by doing their duty ? Had the privy council done so , the proclamation of lord Hawkesbury would not have been delayed so long . From this instance of neglect in the privy council I should think it would , be necessary in any future acts , where that council should have any duty to execute , that a clause should be inserted to inflict a penalty upon them for neglect . As to the double penalty threatened on the parishes which are deficient under this act , I think the collection of it would not be less difficult than oppressive.—But now it is said , you have not given the bill a fair chance—give it a full trial—wait a moment . I say we have waited long enough . It was a bill which professed to raise expeditiously a great force . Has it done so ? No—the time is over ; then why give it a : longer trial ? To elucidate this by a comparison . We have heard a 734 good deal respecting the different modes of conveying men by land carriage . Suppose a schemer was to say , `` all these plans are good for nothing ; they will not answer ; you can not depend upon them . Look at my plan ; I