the house , whether , it should be allowed to go to any subsequent stage . They had then only to oppose it , and . say directly at explicitly that the commission should 688 be closed . He thought that those who originally supported the act were now bound by every call of consistency to vote for the original motion . If they thought inquiry necessary , they certainly were bound to see that this inquiry was fully and advantageously pursued . If they had thought that gross abuses existed , on what principle was it that they refused their assistance in bringing them to punishment ? On every view of public interest he was decidedly in favour , of the original motion , which he trusted the house would not suffer to be got rid of by the unfair and unmanly expedient proposed . spoke in favour of the amendment , but begged it to be understood , that in giving this vote be gave no opinion as to the policy of continuing the commission . Whenever this matter came to be canvassed , he should feel himself as not at all compromised by the vote he should give on the present occasion . A great deal had been said as to the intention of those who brought forward the measure , as to the time of its continuance . One hon . officer ( Sir C. Pole ) had declared his opinion , that it was not meant to be continued during a period of war . It was true that another hon . officer ( Admiral Markham ) , had expressed his opinion that it was meant to be of unlimited duration , as long as there was any subject of inquiry not thoroughly investigated . Now , he contended , that with such opposite and contradictory opinions , in such a state of ambiguity , the house ought to pause before they came to any certain determination . This was precisely the object with the amendment he had in view . It was designed not to operate as a decision that the commission should be discontinued , but as a means of giving the house time to reflect to what period it should be extended , or whether it might not be possible to derive all the information required ) without any renewal of the bill . Even allowing that parliament in the first instance intended that the bill should be extended to a period beyond what it would reach to without a new bill , the house now were not to be bound by such a determination . They were to be guided by dictates of policy and expediency . One hon . officer was of opinion that we ought by all means to preserve the commission in existence . Another hon . officer , equally well qualified to judge on the subject , thought , that during war , that operations 689 of the commission would be attended with many difficulties and embarrassments . When this was the case , what was there more natural than to adopt the amendment , which did not at all injure the commission at present , and presented the consequences of a too precipitate decision . There had been a good deal advanced respecting the propriety of bringing forward charges against the naval commissioners , if they were supposed guilty of any act of oppression . What situation would parliament be reduced to , if not a word were to be uttered in that house against a commission of five persons possessing larger powers than had ever been entrusted to an equal number of men ? Was it not competent to any member to call in question the propriety of allowing a body to proceed in their usual way , which had been charged with having published a libel against so admirable a part of our constitution as the grand jury of a county ? He did not think it decorous , that an hon . member , when such was his object , should be publicly asked , whether he was prepared to substantiate a criminal