that , to these are added 8000 others who volunteered in the course of the year from limited to unlimited service , we shall have in one year an addition to our disposable force of no less than 26,000 men . When I say this , I beg to be clearly understood , as giving no pledge that such a number will actually be obtained ; but I only say that , if the recruit . in should go on , as there is reason to expect it will , a number nearly equal to that may be reasonably expected . Now that the impediments to the recruiting service are principally removed , and that an impulse has been given to the service , we had every ground for hope on the subject . When we consider with what rapidity almost indeed unexampled , the new levies have been completed ; what a spirit had been exhibited during the test and several preceding years ; what was the large amount of the addition to our disposable force ; when we reflect on all these things seriously , how , sir , can any gentleman main- 758 tain that our military system is quite inefficient ? I am at a loss to conceive o what principles they act , and am unable to see how they can seriously stand up and hold assertions , when facts so powerfully demonstrate their fallacy.—I shall now , sir , beg leave to make a few remarks on some of the extraneous matters which the hon . gent . has thought proper to introduce in the course of his speech ; and the first of these is , the state of the naval defence of the country . I am not prepared to say , what could have induced the hon . gent , to allude to this subject , unless it was that they were suggested by what fell from my right lion , friend ( Mr. Canning ) on a former evening , But what my right hon . friend then said , was introduced only incidentally , and not with any view to provoke discussion . All that he advanced , was , as far as my recollection goes , that the country , in consequence of the state both of our naval and military defence , was not now in that state of danger to which it had been formerly exposed . On this slight foundation the hon . gent , thinks proper to attack the present state of the naval defence , and directly attacks some expressions of mine on a former evening , respecting the noble lord ( St. Vincent ) , lately at the head of the naval department Now , sir , I certainly can not think this the proper period for going into this discussion . It is quite clear , that it could not be gone into this evening with the least prospect of advantage to the noble person concerned or the public . I shall , on that account , only make a few observations . The opinion I gave on the ministerial conduct of that noble earl was given when I had not the . honour of being in his majesty 's government ; but the opinion I offered to the house upon the late first lord of the admiralty , as a minister , before I was in office , has been confirmed by every thing I have seen since I came into it . Whether there is to be an inquiry into that subject , I know not ; but if there be , I am ready to support my opinion , I shall not be deterred from giving my opinion again , if called upon ; but I do not think that subject is to be pressed into discussion by those who do not think it necessary for the public benefit to institute an inquiry into that subject . I entertain a high sense of , and gratitude for , the naval services and general character of the noble earl ; and whatever I may think of him , or