an aspect of hostility , contrary to the conditions understood between the two countries . A reference to that letter was unfortunate for the noble earl 's argument ; for it proved what he ( lord Sidmouth ) had already maintained , that our govt . had allowed that of Spain to assume an unfriendly appearance without availing itself of it as aground for an immediate cause of war . After stating the usual professions of friendship between the two countries , Mr. Frere , in the letter to M. Cevallos of the 13th Dec. mentions that he had then found it expedient to recur 350 to the conditions understood between the two countries , viz . in the first place , that Spain was bound to maintain a system of absolute neutrality ; and , secondly , to cause it to be respected by other belligerent powers , He represented to the Spanish court , that his Brit . maj. perfectly sensible of the difficulties in which Spam was placed , as well by reason of her antient ties with France , as on account of the character and habitual conduct of that power , and of her chief , was inclined to pass over in silence several acts which , ought strictly speaking , to require explanation . Mr. Frere then also stated , that `` this consideration would induce his maj. to act with forbearance to a certain degree , and particularly to overlook such pecuniary sacrifices as should not be of sufficient magnitude to force attention on account of their political effects . But it is expressly enjoined rue to declare to your excl . that pecuniary advances , such as are stipulated in the convention recently concluded with France , can not be considered by the British govt . but as a-war subsidy . '' This declaration was certainly sufficiently indicative of our sentiments , and deserved the most serious attention on the part of the Spanish govt . Still Mr. Frere was to avoid any hostile measure , provided a satisfactory explanation were given . From these testimonies of our good conduct towards Spain , then , there was a presumption , that we hail done every thing which could be done to avoid the consequence of hostilities . The noble viscount then affirmed , that there were many instances in which the conduct of Spain would have served as just grounds of war , had the British govt . not wished to have avoided such a disagreeable alternative . The noble earl had dwelt with some sarcasm on what he was pleased to term `` the mild measures of hostilities '' adopted by the British govt . in the attack and capture of the Spanish ships , and the destruction of one of them . He wished , however , to charge the noble earl 's memory with the recollection of a similar plan of policy , when the noble earl was at the head of the admiralty . An order to a similar effect was issued by him , and acted upon . The Dutch ships before any hostilities had been declared between the two countries , were detained , and several of them sunk in being compelled to keep up with the convoy by which they had been detained . The detention of the Spanish frigates , therefore , was not a solitary precedent , but one of 351 which there were frequent examples in the naval practice of the country . I am sorry , said the noble viscount , to trespass so much upon your ldp . 's attention , but considering the share I have had in the negotiation , I thought myself called upon to reply at considerable length to the observations of the noble earl who has moved the amendment . If , my lords , as I have said before , there was ever a justifiable cause of war , a cause which could scarcely admit of a doubt , much more a difference of opinion , it will be found in the conduct of Spain . To no representation which had been made to