to continue this trade . During the phrenzy of the revolution in France , the slave trade was abolished , and that measure led to all those horrors which had since occurred in St. Domingo . After the peace , however , or rather the truce of Amiens , one of the first acts of the consular authority was to re-establish the slave trade ; and not only this , but every encouragement was given to the subjects of France ; bounties were granted upon the importation of slaves , and every facility was established which could promote the increase of the trade . Such was the policy of France at that time , and such continued to be the policy of France at the present moment . This being the case , what would be the effect of our abolishing the trade , but only to throw it into the hands of other nations . If we abolished the trade , it would not be the means of compelling those vessels which were at present engaged in it to give it up ; they might , and many of them , no doubt , would continue it under the sanction of other powers . During the short period of the last peace every encouragement was given to British subjects engaged in this trade , to go to France with their vessels ; they were allowed to navigate their own vessels with only the regulation of having a nominal French commander , and being engaged to take a number of French apprentices . This evinced the value which was set upon the trade by France , and the same encouragements would , doubtless , be held out in the event of another peace . Spain also gave every facility to the trade ; but she was prevented from turning it much to advantage by the want of a commercial navy . She was only prevented , however , 646 by her inability from participating in the advantages of the trade . If parliament should agree to abolish this trade , what advantage would result from the measure ? would there be one slave less ? He considered the bill as a measure which would deprive us of the means of increasing the benefits resulting from our colonies ; and he should therefore support the motion for postponing the bill for six months . —Sir ; in treating of this important question , the hon . mover ' has contented himself with saying , that there is nothing new in it . Though we are now engaged in agitating a point which , materially concerns the British empire , though the ruin or salvation of one of its most valuable component parts may depend on the success or the failure of this project of his , he has had the boldness to say , that there is no occasion to hear the arguments of counsel on this subject ! There is nothing new , he observes , and therefore he thinks that neither he nor any body else need say any thing about the matter ; and , acting upon this opinion , he has given in his negative to calling in the counsel . Nothing new , sir ! Has nothing new happened in the situation of St. Domingo ? Have the hon . gent . and his friends entirely neglected to turn their attention to the interesting lesson which this island affords ? Have they attended to the consequences that have resulted from the measures of emancipation pursued by a set of Jacobins in a moment of political phrenzy ? If they have not attended to these things , what are we to think of their preparations for the discussion and management of an affair of this nature ? If they have attended to them , can they produce any satisfactory evidence to shew that the same consequences which flowed from the Jacobin excesses , will not follow a similar decree of the British senate , supposing that we should have profited so little by the experience of France , and our own observation , as to pass such