in allusion to what had fallen from a noble earl ( Westmoreland ) early in the debate , begged to express his thanks to the noble earl for the speech he had been so good as to make for him , as expressive of the terrors he was supposed to feel for the ruin of the artillery corps from this measure . He really did not recollect that he had ever entertained any such sentiments , and he trusted noble lords would do him the justice to believe the language was not his . He really had no such terrors ; and so far was he from having cause to feel such apprehensions , that he was convinced nothing would be a greater punishment to an artillery-man , than to dismiss him from the service , and deprive him of the many advantageous prospects of preferment in his view . The boys now inlisted for the artillery service , were turned over to the battalions as they attained proper size , and were of course enlisted for life . The term of 12 years limitation could only operate on those who enlisted hereafter , and could have no effect for 12 years to come ; and with respect to the general term of limited enlistment , he would read a letter to their lordships from experienced and practical , not from speculative authority , from a general officer now in our service , but formerly , and for 20 years , in the service of the nation in Europe most analogous to our own , namely , that of Holland . This letter stated , that during 20 years of that officer 's service , there were 72 battalions of the Dutch army , serving both at home and in their distant colonies , in which it was the uniform practice to enlist the men for limited periods of 3 , 6 , and 9 years , without any other stipulations than that their discharges should only be demanded in the month of October , or at the end of a campaign , consequently during a war ; and that no inconvenience whatever had arisen from the usage . He then adverted to the wonderful effects which the seats on the opposite side seemed to have had on some of the noble lords , when they produced sentiments and feelings so unusual . As to the point of the prerogative , that had been so clearly treated by the illustrious person near him ( the duke of Gloucester ) , that it was scarcely necessary to say thing further 658 about it . He expressed his satisfaction at having heard from a person of his high rank , a speech which displayed such a truly British spirit ; a spirit which he hoped this measure would spread over the country . A noble lord had rather indiscreetly hinted that a certain personage ought to have those about him who would be anxious to preserve the prerogative unimpaired—he said , rather indiscreetly , because the hint almost entirely destroyed the merit which he might have otherwise claimed for his zeal for the prerogative . As to the military opinions of officers , he thought that it would not have been proper to have produced them , for it would be natural for other officers to ask , Who were the favoured few who were thus consulted and whose opinions were to regulate the army ? But in measures of this sort , officers ought not to be taught that their opinions were to guide the conduct of government or that of parliament . The distinctive character of soldiers ought always to be preserved . They ought always to be taught to keep in mind that they were the instruments to execute , and not the springs to set in motion . If you invited them often to that house , you would find that they would at last come without being invited . They would first come by petition and then by remonstrance . He concluded by stating the necessity of having a larger regular army than we had ever had