share of his attention to this very interesting and important subject , and whose heart and mind were set upon the great measure of abolition , as all who knew him in private could attest . On no occasion whatever were the great and splendid talents , or the irresistible eloquence of that great man , exerted in a more conspicuous degree , than on this great and interesting subject ; and , in the course of his discussions of it , his calculations , with respect to the comparative value of the labour of freemen and slaves , were luminous and convincing . One of the incontrovertible results of these , was , that the expences of procuring the unhappy objects in question , the expences of transporting them , and their maintenance afterwards , comparing all these with the value of the labour actually performed , evinced that this labour was not so profitable , by much , as that of freemen brought to the work in the first instance . In addition to this great and incontrovertible authority , was that of a celebrated writer on the subject , who argued , that the only thing which could preserve the planters 805 from the ruin impending over them , was the abolition of the slave trade . The fresh importations were , upon the whole , regarded as disadvantageous , and chiefly on account of the mortalities . His lordship then adverted to the important consideration of what had happened in St. Domingo , and which , if no other fact or argument could be adduced of the impolicy of continuing the traffic , the consideration of the direful calamities to which he alluded , would suffice . In urging their lordships to concur in the resolution of the Commons , he pointed their attention to the nature and effect of that resolution . To the result of it , they could not , deeming the traffic to be against humanity , justice , and policy , consistently refuse their assent , viz . that they would proceed to the consideration of steps tending to abolish such a traffic , in a way , and at such a period , as should be deemed most expedient ; and to this principle he could challenge the acquiescence of every noble lord who was not prepared to say the slave trade ought never to be abolished . Neither did it implicate them to the vote of attempting the immediate abolition , or to any particular mode of accomplishing it , but merely to the principle of total abolition . This consideration , however , should not deter him , strongly as he felt upon the point , from supporting and urging their lordships ' compliance with the vote , of the commons ; as , though he could not attain all the good he wished , he should endeavour to perform all that circumstances offered as practicable . Upon this principle , and on the grounds he had stated , he should move `` that their lordships do concur in the Resolution communicated by the commons . concurred with the noble lord in opinion , that if a trade was carried on , which was contrary to humanity and justice , there could be no question as to its being contrary to sound policy . This however , was not the way in which he viewed this question . It was not upon abstract principles , that the question as to the abolition of the slave trade , ought to be considered , but as to its practical effect , and in this view of the subject , the noble lord had advanced principles in the course of his speech , which he did not venture to sanction in the motion with which he concluded . The same principles upon which the noble lord condemned the slave trade , applied with equal force to the state of slavery itself , but the noble lord would not venture to bring forward any measure founded upon these principles , as applying to the actual 806 state of slavery in the West