, the army and navy can not be insensible of the estimation in which they are held by this house , and by the country in general and they are sufficiently and properly convinced of their own importance : they know we can not dispense with the protection they afford . The volunteers are not so firmly persuaded , that they receive the applause they deserve , and , perhaps , they feel too diffident an opinion of their own utility . Besides , the army and navy can not disband themselves at pleasure ; the volunteers may from some real or supposed provocation and this is the serious evil I am most so licitous to avoid by the vote I have proposed , all misunderstanding will be prevented . From these considerations , I am very desirous that the hon . member should withdraw his motion . I think he must see that the effect of it , in its present shape , mus be , to attach a stigma on ministers ; and what is yet more objectionable , on the house itself , for the legislative regulations it ha already adopted , applicable to the military system . If the intention be purely , simply and honestly , to impart to the volunteers a conviction of the favourable sentiment of this house towards them , let them present the motion in a point of view , wind will induce this side of the house to concur with them ; if , under this ostensible design they have other concealed motives , it will be in vain to expect this uniformity . I shall conclude , sir , with moving , `` That this house doth thankfully acknowledge , are highly approve , the services of the different corps of yeomanry and volunteers . '' Whatever may be the result of the proceeding of this night , I. will confidently at Bert that , in any former period in the history of this country , there never was a body of men who deserved more the gratitude of 1114 the nation , who merited more highly its love , respect , and veneration ; and , nothing can be more becoming the house of . commons than , by a solemn act , to record this effusion of public sentiment . objected to the form recommended by the right hon . gent. , because the motion , as he worded it , was not prospective . He said , he wished to preserve the volunteers undiminished , and yet . there wars no reference to the rumours by which it was apprehended their numbers would be reduced . The right hon gent . ventured to declare , that he disapproved of the measures of ministers on tins subject , and yet it was well known that he had not opposed them in the whole progress of the business . If he could thus compromise his public duty , he should not be surprised , if , on that side the house , his motion was listened to with some jealousy , as calculated to screen his friends , without conducing to any beneficial purpose . In supporting the motion of his hon . friend , he had no particular attachment to the phraseology of that motion , nor any objection to an amendment in any other form of words which the right hon . gent . might think fit to propose , provided they expressed the spirit of the original motion , and had a view to declare the wish of the house , not only to thank the volunteers for their past services , but that those important services might be continued in future . The right hon . gent . however , should rather have called for the concurrence of his friends around him in the amendment he wished to propose , than to the opposite side of the house , who proposed the very motion which the hon . gent . had approved , upon every other ground , except that it was now necessary to express thanks to the volunteers . The right hon