as were stated by the noble mover of this . bill . That noble lord dwelt upon the depreciation of money , and the enhancement of provisions , which so much affected other people , as a reason for this bill ; hut , he took no notice of this fact , that the royal persons , to whom this bill referred , were quite exempt from the taxes which so ma- 1016 terially operated upon others ; and that the amount of such exemption formed a considerable virtual addition to their salaries ; and , also , that each of them possessed either a civil or military office , or both , yielding , in general , not less than four or five thousand pounds a year . If , therefore , the situation of these distinguished persons were compared to that of the nobility of the country , who paid taxes , how much would the revenue of the former prove to be superior ? and yet , to this revenue the noble lord proposed to add one-third ; which , by the bye , upon further explanation , appeared to be one-half . The hon . officer expressed his regret , that the noble lord , to whom he . alluded , should not have been present , to hear those observations winch a sense of duty urged him to offer , and which he did not mean to address with any feeling of opposition to the right hon . secretary , to whom he did not mean to impute the slightest blame . For , that right hon . secretary was doing nothing more them his duty . But , upon the first occasion that should occur , in the presence of the noble lord who moved this bill , he would enter further into the subject , and fully state his protest against such improvident waste of the public money . had no doubt , that the hon . gent . acted from his conception of public duty ; but , he could wish that , at least , the hon . gent . could have reconciled with that conception of duty , to postpone his observations until his noble friend , to whom they were more particularly addressed , should be present to hear them . Had the hon . gent . been in the house , to hear the arguments of his noble friend , on a former evening , most probably , the objections which he urged , on that evening , would never have been started . If , in addition , the hon . gent . had been aware of that which was mentioned only the preceding night , namely , that the establishments of tables , coals , candles , & c. heretofore allowed to the princes , was to be withdrawn , and which establishment was nearly equivalent to the proposed augmentation , the lion . member would have been , perhaps , still less disposed to resist this bill . The noble lord was persuaded , that every just , reflecting man must feel , that an adequate increase of allowance should be granted to the members of the royal family , at a time when the salaries of even the subordinate clerks in the public offices were generally augmented , in consequence of the depreciation of mo- 1017 ney , and the enhancement of provisions , which formed the grounds upon which this bill professed to rest . said , he was one of those who felt the burthens of the times as strongly as any man ; hut , he was convinced , that it was his duty , as a public man , to provide the proper means for securing to the royal family that splendour which the present provision was , in his opinion , totally inadequate to maintain . These sentiments proceeded from a sense of public duty , and from that alone ; for , he had not the honour of being known to one of the illustrious personages who were the objects of this measure . was proceeding to urge