In some cases it was represented as necessary , in order to support the characters of the ministers who brought in the bill , that some men should be got , and for that reason exertions were made to procure them , by means that were contrary to the law . In the parish of Mary-bone , the same crimp offered his services who had raised men for other parishes , but his offer was refused , as that parishes , but his offer was refused , as that parish did not wish to violate the law . In St. Anne 's parish , however , they were not so nice , and they got some men . Here the rt . hon . gent . read one of the hand-bills which had been printed in London , offering the largest bounties to recruits for the Army of Defence , and inviting all brave fellows to come forward ; `` Irishmen , Germans , and Boys expected '' . This was in the parish of St. Anne . In St. Luke 's also , they raised some men , by adding 12l . to the government bounty . As to getting men at the bounties fixed by government , it was impossible . If government were to want a levy of cavalry horses , and would allow no more than 5 or 10l . to be given for them , the parishes might answer , that it would be as easy for them to raise as many elephants or rhinoceroses , or any other strange animals as to get good horses for such a price . It was the same thing in the case of the recruits . There was an utter impossibility of procuring them for the bounties stated in the act . He felt convinced that the rt . hon . framer of the bill would not ( if he were now living ) support the bill . When he himself moved for the repeal of it last session , that rt . hon . gent . expressly stated , that if upon trial it failed to produce the men , he should himself move for the repeal of it . The act 139 had completely failed , and in order to give the appearance of its having partially succeeded , scandalous measures were resorted by the government . He considered the letter of lord Hawkesbury , of the 31st December , as a most atrocious act , which the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) would never have consented to . That letter of instruction allow the men to be raised contrary to law , and gave the recruiting serjeants a privilege to libel the regular army , and point out this additional force as much more eligible to enlist in . As the rt . hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Perceval ) had suggested a form for acts of parliament to run , he also should name a title which would have been more fitting for the additional force act than that which it had . It should rather have been called an act `` for degrading the Magistracy of the country , for raising the bounties , preventing the public morals , destroying the regular army , and encouraging mutiny and desertion . Such an act should be immediately repealed as a great evil . If he saw a person afflicted with a wen , or any other disorder , and spoke of curing him , he did not think he could fairly be asked , what other disorder he proposed to substitute in its place ? Or if he were to see a mad dog in the street , he should conceive himself justified in killing it , without providing any substitute for it , and this was precisely his feeling with respect to the present bill . The famous letter of lord Hawkesbury began by stating : `` Whereas , information has been received that the Additional Force bill has generally failed , on account of the negligence and supineness of the parish officers . '' He