Company had no faculty of embracing , not to confine it to a few old commercial houses tilt each side the water , but to enable all the merchants , manufacturers and ship owners at home and in India , to compete with foreigners in carrying it on , not in the wild and extravagant idea of rendering Great Britain the emporium of all the products even of British Asia , but in the sober contemplation , of securing to the mother country that natural proportion of the traffic , of which 1211 she was deprived by the impolitic restriction under which the private trader to and from India had laboured and continued to labour —The hon . alderman next observed , that he had been charged with expatiating widely on the little value of an item of 10 millions , stated by the company themselves , a. composed of bad debts , old buildings , old furniture , and other article , which sum their own accountant had struck out of the balance sheet , and estimated at 400,000l . ; was it unjust , as he had observed on a former night , to scrutinize such an asset , when adduced as a probable future claim upon government , and as part those resources , on the security of which a noble lord had proposed that the house should advance 17 millions of money ? Was it invidious to suppose a case possible , in which government might he obliged to resume its lease of the territories , and dissolve a partnership ruinously unprofitable to both parties of the firm ? Would his majesty 's ministers , or would they not , be justified in opposing to such claims , the 5 minions and a half they had awl were to pay for defending India since 1804 : —the expenses of the Cape and Ceylon , the charge of two squadrons in the eastern seas , and the pay of 25 regiments employed in acquiring and protecting the dominions in question ? —But the Company , it was asserted , had estates abroad of great value , of which they could not be deprived ; how far it would be politic to retain them , would appear by looking at the expence of these estates ; at that of time island of Bombay , for instance , where 764,994l . had been expended beyond the product of farm , licences , and quit rents ; at that of St. Helena , which exceeded in the sum of 47,628l . as appeared by the accounts of 1802–3 ; at the value of the villages round Madras and Masulipaturn ; at their factory charges of Bencoolen , and above all , at their more recently purchased island Penang where halt a million was likely to be squandered on time wild project of making an arsenal , that could never he defended ; of keeping a garrison where there were no provisions , and erecting docks where there was neither tide to float the vessels , nor workmen or materials for their construction or repair . As well might the Company resume their possessions at Balem , Bangam , and the Andamans , and call them profitable estates , as retain any thing of landed property , after they should lose the revenues at large . The Dutch and French retained indeed their factories in our terri- 1212 tories , the one for the sake of patronage , for a few favoured families of the Aristocracy , the other from a political motive of disturbing our influence : neither were profitable , on the contrary , the Dutch Company had become bankrupts , from the expences they had thus incurred , and the French would never resume theirs , but from a determined enmity to our prosperity in India . These estates therefore , were addition to the amount of their assets , in the stock by computation.— But this Imperial Company , it was said , exported from patriotic motives , vast quantities of woollens , at an enormous loss . The hon . director , who as well as