of troops and money , and was of a bold and enterprising disposition , always had the superiority till he was superseded by a stronger than himself . The changes of governments , or of sovereigns there , were not to be regarded with the same feelings as we did such things when they happened in Europe . could not sit silent on the present occasion , as some explanation was required of the very erroneous idea which the hon . gent . on the other side seemed to entertain of the mode of conduct which justice required should be adopted relative to the Indian princes . The hon . gent . seemed to assert that the Indian princes did not hold their possessions by the same tenure as the European sovereigns . He said that the only power in India was the power of the sword . This was indeed , he was afraid , but too true ; there was no power in India but the power of the sword , and that was the British sword , and no other . These princes held their sovereign , ties in consequence of the dissolution of the Mogul empire ever since the year 1740 . But whatever might be the original right of these princes , they had been acknowledged by us , as we had entered with them into contracts and treaties . To deprive them , therefore , of their territories was , in the first place , a violation of justice itself ; and , in the next place , an infringement of 393 the orders of this house ; and therefore he hoped we should go to the discussion of this question with the conviction that the rights of the Indian princes were founded on justice and the authority of this house , as they had been acknowledged as independent by our treaties with them . observed , that after what had fallen from his hon . friend , it was perfectly unnecessary for him to say a word more on the subject . If the hon . gent . opposite thought that the Indian princes were not entitled at one hands to the same justice as other independent sovereigns , he hoped that the number in this house who agreed with him were but small . There was no proposition more universal than this , that you acknowledged the right of a sovereign with whom you treated . It was true , when an ancient sovereign fell , and another came in his place , the feeling of regret for the fate of the sufferer might be more acute , and the indignation against the more recent sovereign more strong and general . Yet this must be confined to third persons ; for those who treated with him must , by that act , be considered as having acknowledged his authority . But if ever there was one case where the breach of treaty ought to occasion more indignation than in another , it was where there was no power but the power of the sword especially in India , where , as had been stated , that sword was the British sword If ever there could be a case where a bread of treaty could be defended , it was only in support of the weak against the strong But in India the British ought to be bound by their compacts the more closely , the more it was in their power to break them This he hoped and believed would be the general sentiment of the house . He could not help saying thus much on the genera principle , without applying it at present in any way to the case before the house . in concurring in the sentiments that had fallen from the right hon gent . who spoke last , hoped that he should not be considered as giving any countenance to this mode of proceeding . He still maintained that the matter ought to be submitted to that board which had been appointed for the express purpose of investigating Indian affairs.—The charge was then ordered to be printed