) as to the hardship of the unfortunate bankrupt , who , having literally subscribed to the provisions of that code , and fully surrendered the whole of his effects , was still rendered subject to the malignity of an irritated and vindictive creditor . But , if there was one argument stronger than another in support of the measure introduced by his noble friend ( Holland ) , it was the case so stated by that learned lord ( Eldon ) . Many unfortunate men , so circumstanced , were to be found in the various prisons of the united kingdom ; and , therefore , the necessity existed of immediately relieving them by the direct interference of the legislature . There was also another observation of that noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , which immediately applied to and bore on the bill before their lordships . That learned lord had asserted , that , by the frequent operation of such acts , the distresses and embarrassments of creditors was so augmented , that , in many cases , they were unfortunately forced to succeed to those very prisons so lately vacated by their debtors . Here , then , was another undeniable proof of the necessity of a temporary measure of relief . Men , admitted to be unfortunate , were actually suffering . Ought , then , the means of relief to be postponed for another session ? Such delay would , in his opinion , be an act re- 155 pugnant to every principle , of justice , equity , and law . The principle and object on which he wished and recommended this measure to proceed , was that of full enquiry , and just discrimination , as his sole motive and desire was to relieve those whose distressing situation precluded the capacity of liquidating their debts , from absolute inability . Did the insolvency arise from causes founded in unprincipled dissipation , or a. wanton profusions of means , it would . be an act of false humanity , nay even of dishonesty , to endeavour to relieve it . But his noble and learned colleague ( Ellenborough ) , and the noble and learned lord opposite ( Eldon ) , in asserting , that the debtors who had signed the petitions on their lordships ' table , had entered into engagements with fraudulent intentions , had assumed as a fact what they had by no means attempted to prove . On them rested the task of proof ; and , until they had substantiated it , it was perfectly justifiable for him to assert , that they were not only free from the imputation of fraud , but that they were unfortunate ; and that they had been peculiarly distressed , and hardly dealt with . He maintained , that every prisoner who had signed the petition on their lordships ' table , was innocent . This assertion might be considered as extravagant ; and it was so ; it might be considered as the effect of inveterate prejudice , and , perhaps , it was so . But it was a position he had a right to assume , equally on the principles of Christian charity , as on those which had uniformly governed the proceedings of their lordships , and which were so well understood , and so strictly adhered to , in that court in which the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) so honourably presided , where every man was supposed to be innocent until his guilt was proved . In such a case , how then was truth to be elucidated , or the fact to be ascertained ? Only by the operation of a bill which gave to the creditor , the power of proving the fraud , and to the imprisoned debtor the power of rebutting the accusation . To the fictions of law he had no objection , so long as they operated in the furtherance of justice ; but he should ever deem it incompatible with British jurisprudence to punish any subject for a fraud until the charge was substantiated by