which the war has upon your seamen ; for when the war terminates , by the provision of the navigation acts , you have your seamen again ; provided you have your shipping , all is well , your trade will go on . For , under the navigation acts , you permit only a given proportion of foreign seamen to navigate your ships , even in time of war ; and so when the war ceases , there your ships are , and you have your men to navigate them ; you do not , in any case , 1000 even in time of war , permit your ships to be entirely manned by foreigners ; you being by your navigation laws bound to continue and keep up the proportion of British seamen on board them . But what will you say to the operation of the system of this bill which tends to annihilate the British shipping ? for , under this system , every ship that is used up is so much dead loss , which can never be repaired ; as not another will be built to supply it . What motive can there be to do so when there is no employment for it ? This is like living on your capital instead of subsisting upon the produce of it ; for there can be no fresh produce to supply the deficiency as it arises ; you render it impossible to renew your shipping . Nor is this all . Although this is enough to bring on your inevitable ruin , should the war continue , but it works more rapidly towards your destruction in another way ; for not only does it prevent your seamen from being reared up , by taking away the source of their future employment ; but it creates an immediate drain upon those you have already ; because , by enlarging the scope of the American shipping trade , you enlarge her demand for seamen , and by this system America is already so over-grown in the shipping trade , that her own seamen , fast as she is rearing them , are by no means equal to her wants ; and the natural effect of that is , that she will take away yours ; and the truth of this the hon . baronet ( sir W. Young ) who spoke from under the gallery in support of this measure , admits he has told you , in as many words , that a great many British seamen are daily bought up by America in open markets , so that you are not to suppose that the evils of this system will cease with the war . Therefore , arguing this bill upon the supposition of the noble lord , that it only is to reserve to the privy council the power which has hitherto been given to the governors of the West India islands ; I say , since the effects of it are such as I have stated , you ought not even to do that without enquiry . But when we come to look at the true description of this measure , it is utterly impossible that a British parliament can be any party to it in its present state . Can a British parliament be reconciled to this act , the result of which is to take away all the British shipping , and with it all the British seamen , for the one follows the other , and both are absolutely inevitable , supposing the war to be of long 1001 continuance ? I should like to hear any man argue this point . I was very anxious to hear what the noble lord had to say upon this part of the subject ; and , says the noble lord , the Americans are not blind enough not to know that your colonial system is an artificial system , an artificial and a constrained system . [ No ! no ! no ! from lord H . Petty . ] I should be very happy to be satisfied that I have mistaken the