which lord Liverpool was then President . A very accurate investigation took place : lord Liverpool made , in 1784 , that very able and excellent report which he had recommended to be laid on their lordship 's table ; he had also recommended another very able report by the same noble lord in 1791 , on the subject of the intercourse with the American States , which their lordships , for reasons best known to themselves , had thought proper to decline . Mr. Pitt acted in conformity to these reports , and from that time our West India settlements were supplied as steadily and as completely , in British shipping , as they ever had been , until the commencement of the late war , when the navigation laws were greatly relaxed , especially in respect to , the admission of neutral vessels into the West India ports . But when Mr. Pitt had learned from experience the mischievous effects of the relaxations and suspensions of those laws , he very wisely began to reclaim and limit them , particularly within the last 98 two years . His lordship then read the circular letter from Lord Camden , secretary of state for the colonies , to the West India governors , on this subject ; which instructs them , `` not to open the ports of the ship ping of the American States , except in cases of real and very great necessity , and directs them to apprise him in every instance , and to state the reasons which induced them to adopt the measure '' His lordship observed , that the instructions containedin this very judicious letter , would have effected every thing that was necessary for the present ; but the measure now before them , seems intended to reverse every thing done in that respect by the late minister . The noble lords who support the bill affect to say , that it only transfers the power of suspending the laws from the governors to the ministers , and enables that to be done by law , which is now done contrary to law . But every man Who was informed on the subject , saw that it did much more ; that it facilitated and systematically established the suspensions of our navigation laws ; that it would reader the British West Indies dependent on the American States ; that it would transfer the carrying trade to foreigners ; that would ruin the British North American colonies ; and that the power of suspending the laws must ultimately be delegated to the persons from whom the responsibility was removed . The author of that excellent work , `` War in Disguise , '' truly observed , that few subjects were less generally understood by intelligent men , than that now before their lordships . He had often lamented the same circumstance , and the impossibility of making it understood in a debate ; and he conceived that nothing but that kind of investigation which was proposed by the petitioners , could enable their lordships fairly to decide on the question . shortly argued in favour of the bill , which he chiefly supported on the ground of the necessity of the case , and the policy of not recurring to the former practices which the bill went to remedy . The noble lord defended the statements he had on a former occasion made to the house respecting the state of our shipping , which , he contended , were , correct . He objected to the proposed amendment , because , from the shortness of the time , it would Materially interfere with that certainty which merchants should have of being allowed to sell their goods before they embarked in such a trade . was decidedly in favour of the amendment , but would not 99 trouble their lordships with a repetition of the arguments he had the honour to address to them on a former night ; the amendment proposed by his noble friend would not preclude ministers from doing hereafter , that which , on farther investigation , they might deem expedient