gent . supported his proposition by many clear and forcible arguments , to shew that property of that species was as fair and as necessary an object of taxation as any species of funded property could be . after fully admitting the fairness of the principle , observed , that the state derived the proposed advantage in another mode , though not in the precise form suggested by the hon . gent . ; for a great part of the property in exchequer bills being in the hands of the directors of the bank of England , and of private bankers and reputable merchants , who , it was to be presumed , would make an honest and correct return of their aggregate profits in the year , would , of course , return the interest on those bills as a part of their income . The tax would operate this way in a manner less vexatious , than in the ordinary mode of deducting from the interest upon the bills , as paid off.—It was , however , argued in reply , by Mr. Francis , Mr. W. Smith , and some other members , that the more regular way , and the best security against evasion , would be the mode adopted in the case of all other funds ; and that while no disadvantage whatever could arise to the fair holder of floating funds from the proposed arrangement , the noble lord and the house were bound to take the best security in their power on behalf of the public , for the regular payment of the tax , and for the prevention of all attempts to evade it . thought the arguments of those hon . members entitled to every degree of respect and deference , and requested to have time for further consideration , not doubting that he should be induced to adopt them . The subject was therefore postponed to a future stage of the bill . On the clause for exempting the property of foreigners in the British Funds from the tax , saw no reason why this exemption should exist , or why the thirteen millions belonging to foreigners in the British Funds , should not be as heavily taxed as the property of the natives . was astonished at the opinion expressed by the hon . gent . on this subject . For his part , he should consider an act , such as that which he recommended , a shameful confiscation . The bill under the consideration of the committee was not for taxing foreign , but British subjects . So unjust did he think such a measure , it 115 would involve in it such a flagrant breach of faith , that if the revenue resulting from it were ever so great , he should think it his duty to reject it . could not conceive why any man , who placed his property in the British Funds , ought not to pay for the security he received in common with the other creditors of the state . observed , that the public faith had never been staked more to foreigners than to any others possessed of funded property , and therefore he did not see why foreigners should be exempt . The contract was never originally made with foreigners ; they came into possession of funded property by purchase . As well might it be contended that the property of a foreigner who gained an income by trade in this country , should be exempt from the tax , as that his funded property should be exempt . concurred intirely with his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) . confessed there was much plausibility in the arguments urged against including the property of foreigners in the tax , but was still of opinion , that in justice and equity it might be taxed.—Mr . Ker and sir C. Price , spoke nearly to the same effect ; but after Mr. Secretary Fox 's explanation , the objections seemed to be given up . Mr. Vansittart immediately rose and moved , that the chairman do report