for levying the full amount of 10 per cent . on all income derived from funded and landed property , a long and interesting discussion took place . wished to know , whether it was proposed to levy the tax on all income derived from the public funds , of whatever amount ? replied in the affirmative , and that he was not aware of any intention to make any alteration in that provision . contended , that this clause would produce much injustice and inequality . he put the case of a man having an income of 20l . derived from land or the funds , and of another who made 70l . a year by manual labour . The former would have to pay 20S. , while the latter paid nothing at all . He also thought , that the scale reached too low , and that 50l . a year should not pay any thing at all . He wished to know the reason why the tax was not increased in proportion to the increase of income , and why the man who had only 50l . a year , should pay as much in proportion as he that had 500l . One half of 50l . per annum would be necessary to purchase bread alone for a moderate family . He wished the banner exceptions to be Continued . The percentage on small incomes had been brought much lower than it had been by the late chancellor of the exchequer , while it remained the same on the larger incomes . informed the hon . member , as he had uniformly stated before , that it was his intention in the formation 219 of the act , that a material distinction Should be made between those who were possession of any permanent property whether from land , the funds , or any other source , and those who had only a casual income derived from manual labour , or any other source which must necessarily vary , and which was not hardly worth two years ' purchase . The reason was , that a mechanic , when he had raised 50 , 60 , or perhaps 70l . a year by his industry , had exhausted all the sources or his subsistence , whilst those who were in possession of landed or funded property could by their industry , or perhaps by a reduction of their capital , be placed in circumstances which would admit of their paying the tax , with but very little comparative inconvenience . The hon . member had recommended to him to adopt a mode of raising the taxes of the rich , and exempting the poor . Of all the dangerous doctrines that could possibly be held out in a legislative assembly , there was not one that could possibly be more mischievous in its tendency , than that of equalizing all ranks of society by reducing the higher orders to a level with those of a different class , and depriving them of every comfort which they had a right to expect from their exalted situation . was afraid , that the severity of this clause would render the tax itself distasteful to the great body of the people . He considered it as something like a breach of the public faith , to place those in a worse situation who had incomes derived from funded property , than they were who derived their subsistence from labour . But according to this clause it would so happen , that the man who had 60l . a year from funded property , would pay 6l . out of it , while another who had a salary to the same amount , paid only 10s . But it was strange to observe , that when the income was 500l . a year , for instance , then the sum contributed was exactly the same , whether derived from funded property or professional industry . On the whole , he wished the noble lord to re-consider the clause , and see whether something could not be devised less liable to the charge