no person to pay in any one quarter , more than two quarters of arrears . After this , the clause was agreed to.—He then proposed a third clause , providing , that the same commissioners and assessors who had acted under former bills , should also make out the assessments under this . apprehended the effect of this clause might be to compel some persons in the course of a year and a half to pay 21l . per cent . ; and lamented that clauses of so much importance had not been proposed at an earlier time , when there would have been a better opportunity of discussing them . replied , that on so comprehensive and voluminous a measure , a great variety of suggestions must have been expected , which had not been thought of at an earlier period . The effect of this clause , he said , would only be , that those who had before contrived to evade the tax , 396 should not be allowed to continue always in arrears.—The clause was then added . rose and spoke as follows : — Sir , before I enter into the considerations , which I mean to submit to the house , respecting a very important clause in the present bill , I beg leave to state to you the circumstances , which have led me into this situation . It is painful to me , at all times , to differ from my right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , and still more to find myself compelled to maintain an opinion , which I know he will oppose . In fact , however , I have not provoked this question , nor was it possible for me to foresee that I should have to maintain it against my right hon . friend . Some time , I think , before the Property bill was in print , and when I knew little or nothing of its contents , a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , whose assiduous attendance in general on the business of the house , and particularly on subjects of this nature , is much to be commended , took some occasion , I forget what , to declare his opinion , that if the foreign property in our funds were not exempted from the Income tax , the owners would sell out , and transfer their capital to some other country . This was the proposition , which I resisted without reflection in the first instance , and that was the quarter it came from . Until the debate in the committee of the 12th of this month , I did never know what opinion my right hon . friend entertained on the subject . Then , indeed , I found myself between the hammer and the anvil ; but that malleation has served only to harden me in my opinion . I state the facts ; but I make no apology . The part I take , and my resolution to adhere to it , I hope will entitle me to this conclusion at least , that , if I am in an error , it is the serious error of my judgment , and that I think the object of considerable importance . I am not so thoughtless as to look for a dispute with such an opponent , on doubtful ground , or for a trivial object . All I desire of him , and I am sure he is too liberal to do otherwise , is to answer me as he understands me , and not to avail himself of any lapse of expression , in my hasty way of speaking , as long as he knows what I mean . He wants no advantage of that kind over me or any man.—For the convenience of the house , and still more for my own , I mean 397 to consider the whole subject of the foreign property under three distinct heads . First , the policy of the exemption ; secondly , the inconveniences and abuses , which are