was against the experiment of the right hon . secretary , he asserted the contrary . For , in the American war , 78,000 men had been raised upon terms of limited service ; and such a number surely served to shew , that these terms were not likely to be ineffective . These terms had , indeed , always proved productive . They were so in the last French war . But how did they succeed in the operation of those measures , in the support of which the noble lord himself was so forward ? What were the Army of Reserve and the Additional Force acts , but measures of limited service ? The manner in which the noble lord had argued on this occasion , in opposition to a principle which he had so often supported before , was certainly somewhat liable to the charge of inconsistency . The noble lord had gone into a long calculation , to shew that immense expence would result from the adoption of the proposed plan ; which expence was to consist of bonusses to the army ; and yet , at the conclusion of the noble lord 's speech , he asserted , that this expence would have no effect whatever upon the recruiting of that army . An increase of pay was to be the consequence of 7 years ' service ; a stir greater increase , of 14-years ; and further advantages were to be the reward of remaining 21 years in the service . Still , according to the noble lord , this improvement of the soldier 's condition was to form no additional allurement to those disposed to engage in the military life . If the noble lord 's statement were just , that , in general , men were rather inclined , to prefer unlimited to limited service ; that the one was productive to a great degree , and the other . to a very little , there was an egregious error in the calculation , of those ministers who drew up the Army of Reserve and . Additional Force , acts for , instead of 492 granting a bounty to such men as volunteered from limited to unlimited service , government should have had a drawback from them . But , to be serious , it was impossible that the limitation of service should have no influence in obtaining recruits , or that men should not be more willing to engage for 7 years , than for an indefinite period . Among other calculations , which seemed to rest upon very questionable data , the noble lord had estimated the life of a man at the age of 40 so high as 22 years . He was ready to admit , that the noble lord must have had much difficulty to encounter in such calculations ; but yet it must be felt by every man , that when the noble lord was calculating upon grounds very little better than loose conjecture , with a view to deprecate a system for which he offered no substitute whatever , he ought , at least , to have kept within the bounds of moderation . If the noble lord had made any proposition in lieu of that which he condemned , he would have been much more entitled to attention . But the noble lord offered nothing . Ordinary recruiting , the noble lord had , for years , repeatedly maintained was inadequate to supply the wants of the army , and therefore he could not recommend it in the present instance ; nor did he say that the ballot ought to be revived , or a requisition attempted . Even the Additional Force act the noble lord would not enforce ; for , to enforce it would be to produce no men , but money , as the noble lord knew . The question was , as to the choice between requisition and inducement . What would the noble lord desire ? He would not surely support requisition ; nor would he attempt to support unlimited bounties ; yet , if those bounties were not