to say , rather in limited circumstances , but who were the peculiar objects of that hero 's care and affection , and both of whom he bequeathed to his country for that provision which it was not in his power to leave them . Could that country then , which he so highly served , hesitate to execute his wishes ? After the deduction of the 20,000l . it was intended to apply the remainder of the sum mentioned in the bill to erect a monument , which should transmit to posterity the fame of Nelson , and the services which he had rendered to his country . With regard to the allusions which had been made to economy , he thought them inapplicable in this instance ; economy , generally speaking , should meet with his warmest support ; but the economy of reward for great public services , he should ever deprecate , particularly at a period like the present , when it was necessary to keep up the tone of the public mind to a level with the dangers of the country ; to excite men to emulation by the influence of this example.—As to the remarks of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) upon the propriety of granting the proposed sum to the collateral branches of lord Nelson 's family , he thought the argument had not the weight that hon . gent . attached to it . For those branches being the objects of the noble lord 's solicitude , belonging to his family and bearing his name , were , from all those motives which suggest a reward of this nature , fully entitled to the consideration of parliament . There , was perhaps , no desire that operated more powerfully upon the minds of many men , than the desire of founding a family ; and perhaps there was no class of men among whom this desire formed a greater stimulant to action , or a higher object of ambition , than those who composed the officers of the navy , —For what dangers did they encounter , what privations did they submit to , in order to communicate to others those means , those comforts and enjoyments , which they have no opportunity of enjoying themselves ! —This feeling , which formed such a prominent feature in the character of a seaman , it was the duty and interest of parliament to cherish and to encourage ; and what could serve as a greater encouragement to it , than the example which this bill proposed , of lord Nelson 's merits laying the foundation of a distinguished family ? —The clauses were then agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . moved the order of the day , for resuming the adjourned debate on the East-India Budget . The house having resolved itself into a committee , said , that after the clear and satisfactory exposition given by the noble lord ( Morpeth ) of the present state of the Company 's affairs , it was not his intention to have entered into much observation upon them ; but , as the hon . general ( Wellesley ) had , on the first night of the debate , brought forward a variety of statements , which , in fact , amounted to another exposé of those affairs , having , for its object , a justification , or , rather , commendation , of the financial management of lord Wellesley , it became his duty to submit to the house the views he entertained of the principal subjects treated of in the hon . general 's speech . But , first , it would be necessary for him to advert to some remarks which had fallen , on the preceding night , from another hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) . That hon . gent . had said , that the Company 's sales were now acknowledged to be productive of loss . Mr. Grant denied , that any such acknowledgment was made by those connected with the Company , or that