and the discretion to judge of the degree of emergency was specially vested in the governors , with the advice of their respective councils , and not in the privy council at home ; and so also with respect to supplies from the United States to Nova Scotia.—This system was not established without full deliberation . In 1784 it was complained of by the colonies , and their petitions containing precisely the same allegations which are now brought forward by those who contend that our islands can not otherwise be supplied , underwent a full examination before the committee of trade , as they did a second time in 1791 , when they were dismissed upon reasons stated in two elaborate reports , as wholly unfounded.—But the fallacy of these remonstrances did not rest solely upon the reasoning , however conclusive , stated in those reports , it was satisfactorily established by an experience of not less than ten years , viz . between 1783 and 1793 ; during all which time the islands were never more abundantly . and cheaply supplied ; under which prudent system our navigation singularly flourished . The British vessels belonging to the islands alone had increased in 1791 to 935 ships , 110,900 tons , and 6567 seamen ; the number has since materially declined , being reduced in 1804 to 167 ships , 19,535 tons , and 1860 men.—It probably will be said all this reason- 978 ing applies to a period of peace , and proves nothing as to the present question , viz . the practicability of securing an abundant supply for our islands under similar regulations in time of war . War certainly , if adequate convoys can not be supplied , may afford to neutrals a greater comparative facility in carrying on this intercourse ; but I am sure , in the present state of our naval superiority , it can not be alleged that any difficulty can arise in giving complete protection to British ships passing between the islands and the continent . Whatever might have formerly been apprehended from the naval power of our enemies , it can not now be beyond the reach of our navy to cover this important branch of British commerce against the depredations of privateers , there being rarely an instance of any of the enemy 's regular ships of war venturing to shew themselves in those seas . It is only on an assumption that due protection can not be afforded , or that if afforded , merchants can not be found to carry on the intercourse in British ships , that any distinction in the argument can be maintained on the fact of war . That the former can not now be an impediment the noble lord of the head of the navy will , I am sure , be the first to admit ; and that there are persons of the utmost respectability ready to engage in this trade , if they are only assured of the protection of the existing laws , my right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) , has from their own authority been enabled to assert , and was prepared to prove if all enquiry had not been refused . I am the more anxious to impress on the minds of the house , that in truth the question stands at this present moment , for the reasons above stated , on the same grounds practically as if we were at peace , and that unless they are prepared to go the monstrous length which the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) , has done , namely to doubt whether the British colonies can be supplied even in time of peace , not only without a relaxation of the colonial but of the navigation systems : they would do well to take their stand here , and require his majesty 's ministers and the planters , who may , from a confined view of their own separate interests , be disposed to press forward this measure , to make out , which they have on former occasions completely failed to do