time for bringing forward the present motion . But now the house were in effect called upon to declare that they were in an error , and to say , that though they had resolved to take the charge into consideration , they would now give no .opinion at all on the subject , nor come to any determination with regard to what should follow . It appeared to him that the present motion would do justice neither to the accuser nor the accused . Supposing the accuser to be actuated by malice , which he had no reason to presume , should the present motion be agreed to , he might congratulate himself on having gained 742 his object , by exciting doubts in the public mind with regard to the conduct of the noble lord , and throwing a shade over his character which it might be difficult to remove . No opportunity would be given for the accused being heard in his own defence . The whole charge would be left to be discussed in a newspaper controversy , and such was certainly not the proper way for deciding it . Neither would justice be done to the accuser . After so long perplexing himself with papers and enquiry , after giving and taking so much trouble , it would not be fair to drop the matter at once , without coming to any determination upon it . But the house had already passed a resolution to take the charge into consideration . The matter might be postponed , but it could not be relinquished . It did not appear that this business could occupy much of time of the house . The papers on which the charge was founded had long been printed , and it would not be difficult for any gentleman to form an opinion on the subject . Should the motion be agreed to , the house would be considered as having , in some measure , relinquished its inquisitorial power , and as having delcared itself inadequate to such enquiries . Such was the conclusion which he thought the public would naturally draw . rose and observed , that if there was a wish that one could entertain on the subject in preference to another , it must be to accede to the proposition of the hon . gent . on the personal inconvenience with which a contrary mode of proceeding must be attended to individuals , and the labour to which it must subject them , but also on account of the great inconvenience which must thus be occasioned in conducting the public business of the house . Feeling as he did the importance of the latter consideration , he trusted the house would indulge him in saying a few words relative to the matter which now engaged their attention . Considering the embarrassment that must arise to the public business , if the affair was to go on in the usual way , he thought that it would be absolutely necessary to find out some mode of quickening the natural course of the proceedings . Fir it we were to proceed in the usual way , supposing that this oral evidence should last as long as it had done on former occasions , considering the time that must be spent in taking down the questions and the answers , it was impossible , unless the whole should be much shorter 743 than any one could expect , that the matter could be brought to a conclusion this session of parliament ; when he said `` impossible , '' he wished to explain precisely what he meant by that term . It was impossible , supposing that parliament should sit only the usual time . He did not mean to state that ministers might not advise his majesty to prolong the session , and keep the parliament sitting , but it would be recollected that it was not in their power to compel an attendance , that is , such an attendance as the importance of the case would demand . It must be seen , therefore , that the house