bore to British was , as eight tons foreign to one hundred British ; in 1801 , it had increased to the proportion of sixty-eight tons foreign to one hundred British . He should add , that within the period from 1791 to 1801 , both inclusive , the foreign shipping employed in our trade increased from 3,615 containing 179,630 tons , and employing 28,120 sailors ; —to 11,123 vessels containing 1,585,035 tons , and employing 82,934 foreign sailors . He should make one more observation of a most serious nature ; the ships in the West-India trade were wearing out , and as no ships were building to replace them , half the produce would be left in the West-Indies ; the planters would then demand that the American shipping be allowed to carry home the produce ; whereas , if British ships were now encouraged to make the circuitous voyage , loading lumber and provisions for the West-Indies , the shipping in that trade would be increased sufficiently to bring home the whole produce , and freight would be kept at a reasonable rate . His lordship said , he had always serious apprehensions respecting the loose opinions which were so often delivered on these subjects . But his alarm had become extreme since he had heard a noble lord ( Grenville ) , distinguished for his great abilities and information , to whom neither levity nor imprudence could be imputed , hold a language which appeared to him intended to prepare us in consequence of a change of times and things for a relinquishment of the most essential parts of our navigation and colonial system . He wished that he might have mistaken him ; but if he had not , he most solemnly declared that , if , instead of alluding to the sacrifices of the system in question , the noble lord had prepared us in consequence of the change of times and things , to gratify Buonaparté with a reduction and limitation of our ships of war , it would not so seriously have alarmed him ; because , in the last , instance , the mischief might be temporary and retrievable ; but in the other , it would be permanent and irretrievable . He should not presume to blame any man merely for entertaining such opinions ; but if , without permitting exami- 97 nation or enquiry , and contrary to the well established opinion of the public , he should act on those opinions , he then should think him highly blameable . In the present instance , he was so far from blaming the noble lord , that he thought it highly honourably in him , to put us on our guard and prepare us to support our opinions . His lordship would state very shortly , what had passed since the independence of the American States , respecting the supply of the British West Indies . That great Man , whose death will long and deservedly be lamented , when chancellor Of the exchequer during lord Shelburne 's administration , brought in a bill , founded on principles and opinions , as hostile to our navigation and colonial laws as those now adopted by the noble lords ; and when it was understood that he received them from .Mr . Burke , whose partiality for the Americans induced him to represent them as a people sui generis , and therefore not to be treated as foreigners , but to enjoy the privileges of British subjects , although they had asserted their independence . The bill was brought into Parliament with a view of opening the West India ports to the people of the American states ; which , however , meeting with highly , merited opposition , was wisely withdrawn with the concurrence even of Mr. Burke , when lord North and Mr. Fox were secretaries of state ; and a temporary power was given to the crown , to regulate the intercourse with the American states . Mr. Pitt oh his return to office , referred the question to the committee of privy council for trade , of