in danger , or that he would be content to retire to his parish branded with the suspicion of cowardice . He thought the enlisting for that period well calculated to obtain a better order of recruits , and to remove many of the 6 causes Which led to severe and ignominious punishments , so desirable to abolish , if it were at all practicable ; and for his own part he should prefer troops actuated by that moral courage , and sense of honour and love of their country , however some gentlemen might be disposed to ridicule those sentiments in the soldiery , than by that cold , mechanical , physical courage , created by severe discipline and harsh treatment , with no other motive of action than the dread of punishment , and the consideration of pay ; and he would appeal to every officer who bad led troops into action , which description of men he would prefer to command in any arduous enterprize . said , he was fully aware , that no task could be more ungracious to undertake , than that of endeavouring to dissuade parliament from the adoption of a plan which the rt . hon . gent . as one of his majesty 's ministers , at a crisis so arduous , had taken so much pains to convince himself , and to convince the house , was the most eligible for their adoption ; but the deep and strong sense he felt , of the superior efficacy of the bill now proposed to be repealed , to all the objects proposed by the rt . hon . gent . for an effective increase of the public force , was such , that he could not , without an absolute dereliction of his public duty , omit to impress upon the house the insurmountable objections he had to the rt . hon . gent 's . plan , and the motives which induced him to give a decided preference to the bill now proposed to be repealed , in order that his majesty 's ministers should not have inadvertency to plead ; and that upon their own shoulders might rest the responsibility of throwing out of their hands , wantonly and unnecessarily , a plan of military arrangement , which had been found so productive , for the sake of adopting a new project which had never been tried , and in support of which the rt . hon . gent . had scarcely deigned to give to the house a single reason , in answer to all the objections which had been opposed to it . Not even the brilliant and eloquent speech of a rt . hon . friend of his ( Mr. Canning ) , on a former night , could wring from the rt . hon . gent . a single answer to any of his able and irresistible arguments . In the arguments he was about to offer , he should studiously avoid any application to the military part of the bill , and direct his observations merely to the civil part of it , which was of sufficient magnitude for the present discussion , and which seemed to be the branch most obnoxious to the rt . hon . gent . 7 and those who now supported him.—The first point to be considered was , the present deficiency of the army , and the further increase of that deficiency likely to flow from the rt . hon . gent . 's plan , before this bill should be abandoned for the substitution of one new and untried . The present deficit was 25,000 men ; and the annual deficiency arising from casualties , could not be estimated at less than 15,000 . The rt . hon . gent . proposed to discharge all men who had already served for 21 years , which would amount to nine battalions of veteran soldiers . This would produce annually , a very considerable addition to the deficit by casualties . He proposed , besides , to let the militia waste away to its original establishment , at the