the way of the hon . gent . ; and when at last the papers were in the hands of the members , he would ask , whether the other business of the house had allowed them sufficient time to come to a decision upon them ? Besides , the Oude Charge was connected with others , and would derive support and illustration from the evidence in support of them . On this account , the whole discussion should be entered into at once , and the questions respecting lord Wellesley 's conduct be decided at the same time . We had been told that the eyes of India were directed to this house , and he would ask , should a question , involving the interests and independance of so many Indian princes , he hastily decided in an empty house ? Besides , from a cause , which every man must concur in lamenting , a right hon . gent . was necessarily absent , and he thought it material to know the opinion of the leading men in his majesty 's councils on the subject of the charge . He implored the house , therefore , to defer their decision at this late period of the session , and under the present circumstances of the case ; and , as the only way of getting rid of the question , he moved , that the house do now adjourn . was surprized at the charge of precipitation made by the noble lord who spoke last . Never had any charge been brought forward in that house by any member who had met so much indulgence as the hon . member who had brought forward this charge . It appeared to him a most extraordinary proposition , after the house had been so long occupied with the question , to defer it to next session . He should now vote to come to some decision upon the Oude charge . observed , that he could not sit silent when he heard it asserted , that the hon . member who had brought forward the charge had received every indulgence , while in truth he was goaded at one time , 927 and thwarted at another , and it was now endeavoured to precipitate that decision which had hitherto been retarded . This was a question which concerned the guardianship of 50 millions of the natives of India , who had no other protectors but this house . It was not a question between an individual and marquis Wellesley ; it respected the validity of acts and resolutions in which the fate of millions was concerned . Every dependant power in India was interrested in the decision . No one particular charge could be fully comprehended without being accompanied with the evidence on which the others were founded . If a decision should be obtained under these circumstances , nothing would be gained by the noble marquis , because a motion might be made next session to rescind it . If no other member should move to that effect , he pledged himself to do it . He had taken a solemn oath to do impartial justice between all parties , and he should not fail to bring these great principles before the house , in order that the people of India might have the satisfaction of knowing that the question was disposed of after a full and fair discussion . should not enter into the merits of the charge , but confine himself strictly to the question before the house . He could not but notice the very extraordinary menace of the learned doctor , powerful when coming from any member , but still more powerful in his lips , and from his manner of expressing it . Any , the least considerable member of the house , possessed that power ; but it would be for the house to determine whether it should rescind a solemn decision on such a ground . The learned doctor , however , had taken his tremendous oath , he did not know on what altar , and was determined to bring