. That bill has now passed into a law , and so far we have already succeeded ; but it was then too late to carry it through the other house . In this house , from a regard to the consistency of its own proceeding , we could indeed expect no great resistance ; but the impediments that may be opposed to it in another , would not leave sufficient time to accomplish it . No alternative is therefore now left , but to let it pass over for the present session ; and it . is to afford no ground for a suspicion that we have abandoned it altogether , that we have recourse to the measure that I am now about to propose . The Motion will not mention any limitation , either as to the time or manner of abolishing the trade . There have been some hints indeed entertained , and thrown out in some quarters , that it would be a better measure , to adopt something that must inevitably lead to an abolition ; but after 18 years of close attention which I have paid to the subject , I can not think any thing so effectual as a direct law for that purpose . The next point is , as to the time when , the abolition should take place ; for the same reasons or objections which led to the gradual measure of 1792 , may here occur again . That also I leave open ; but I have no hesitation to state , that with respect to that , my opinion 584 is the same as it is with regard to the manner , and that I think it ought to be abolished immediately . The motion , therefore , which I have to make , leaving to the house the time and manner of abolition , I can not but confidently express my hopes and confident expectation , that it will be unanimously carried ; and I implore gentlemen not to listen to that sort of flattery which they have sometimes heard ( and particularly from one of the members for Liverpool ) , that they have abolished it already . When the regulations were adopted , for the space to be allowed for each negro in a slave ship , the same gentleman opposed it as being destructive , and exclaimed , `` Oh ! if you do that , you may as well abolish it at once , for it can not be done . '' Yet , when we propose an abolition altogether , they use , as arguments against us , the great good already done , by regulating the slave ships , and bettering the condition of negroes in the colonies . In the same way , when we first proposed the abolition of the foreign trade , they told us it would have the effect of a general and total abolition ; and I beg of them not to forget that declaration now ; and having made it once , I must use to them a phrase in common life , `` sir , if that be the case , I must pray you to put your hand to it . '' As to the stale argument of the ruin it would bring upon the West India islands , I would refer gentlemen to perhaps the most brilliant and convincing speech that ever was , I believe , delivered in this or any other place , by a consummate master of eloquence ( Mr. Burke ) , and of which , I believe , there remains in some publications a report that will convey an inadequate idea of the substance , though it would be impossible to represent , the manner ; the voice , the gesture , the manner , were not to be described.— '' O ! si illum vidisse , si illum audivisse ! '' If all the members of this house could but have seen and heard the great orator in the delivery of that speech , on that day , there would not now be one who could