Carnatic might depend . He therefore accepted powers from the nabob , to treat with the government-general for the assignment of all his , revenues during the war , subject to certain conditions and reservations . A 416 treaty was , in consequence , executed at Calcutta , in March 1781 ; and the government-general , with a view of confirming in the nabob the fullest confidence in the good faith which they intended to preserve towards him , thought proper to invest the hon . bart . with powers as their minister at the court of the nabob , to see that the terms of the treaty were observed . Before the hon . bart . arrived at Madras , in the character of a public minister from , the superior government , lord Macartney had assumed the reins of that government to , which he was regularly appointed by the company , with the approbation of the crown . The hon . bart . immediately delivered his dispatches to lord Macartney ; and observed to his lordship , that , as the situation of the Madras government was so materially changed by his being placed at the head of it , he ( the minister ) was persuaded , that the government-general would approve of his suspending the executive duties of his commission , until his lordship could receive answers to any reference he might think proper to make to him upon the subject of his mission , and he accordingly confined himself to the act of delivering the treaty to the nabob.—That it would be an unnecessary intrusion on the patience of the house , if he were to go further into this subject . That he only begged it might not be inferred , from what he had said , that he considered the treaty of March 1781 as a perfect arrangement . All he meant to say upon that point was , that it was better than any thing that had preceded it ; and that it was the object which the temporary government of Madras endeavoured , but without effect , to obtain ; that it was obtained through the representations of the hon . bart . ; that the government-general considered it as an object of , great importance ; and marked their approbation of the hon . bart . in the most distinguished manner , by vesting him with the character of their minister . That lord Macartney , in a letter to the chairman , of the 15th of December , 1782 , calls it a `` considerable step towards remedying the defects of past transactions . '' That in a letter of 1st December , 1781 , to the secret , committee , adverting to it under the Modifications he had introduced into it , he calls it `` that rock of strength upon which you stand in the Carnatic ; '' and that the treaty of 1792 , made by lord Cornwallis , was formed upon the basis of this assignment . —He begged again , that it , might not be 417 inferred , from what he had said , that he considered any of those measures as free from objection . He had long since published the opinion he entertained on this subject . That opinion had not varied ; and he had no difficulty in now stating , that he thought the zeal of my lord Wellesley , for the public service , had carried him too far , in the arrangement which was made under his authority in the Carnatic . Had his lordship made his arrangement in the Carnatic , upon the principle upon which his arrangement in Oude was formed , it would have had his hearty concurrence , as that measure had , upon the fullest consideration he had been able to give it . He explained , that he now adverted to the cession of the frontier provinces , as a full compensation for the military protection of the dominions of Oude.—That the hon . member was represented to have implicated , in his censure , another hon . friend of