by the navy board to-build , or procure a single ship in any other way , during his lordship 's stay in office ? This must be deemed a very , unaccountable termination of the correspondence , and I leave to his lordship 's friends to make the best excuse they can for such extraordinary conduct , and to explain the reasons and circumstances which occurred in the short space of 15 days , and at a moment when war was inevitable , to render the building line-of-battle ships altogether unnecessary . It has been asserted in another place , that the reason ships were not contracted for , were the objections to such as were built in merchants ' yards ; were not those objections as evident on the 29th Dec. 1802 , as they were on the 13th of Jan. a period of only 15 days after ? But if his lordship changed his mind in this respect in a short time , did that remove the necessity of building ships ? Could there be any possible reason for declining to build altogether ? Why were not ships built in the king 's yards ; particularly when he affected to be convinced by every thing but practice , that the king 's yards were equal to build the whole navy ? It was certainly evident to the noble lord himself , that the country required every possible exertion to maintain an efficient navy . I see by papers called for by an hon . admiral ( Markham ) , that speculative schemes and new-fangled projects were about that time in contemplation , by which 50 sail of the line might be built in the king 's yards annually . When those papers are brought into discussion , and arguments adduced in support of this misrepresentation , I shall have no difficulty in proving the fallacy and absurdity of the statement , and that it is founded on an imposition and deception ; somewhat similar to the extraordinary and ingenious but very irregular calculations of the same author , wherein pounds sterling were stated instead of Rupees of half a crown each ; for the purpose of criminating a gallant and meritorious sea-officer . ( Vide the papers printed by the house of commons relating to sir Home Popham ) . This can not 167 be misunderstood.—But during the time these whims and fancies employed the attention of the noble lord , instead of building 50 sail of the line , he was taking no one step by which a single line-of-battle ship could be added to the navy . It was not for want of slips to lay down as many as they wished ; for it appears by p. 19 of the papers printed 28th May , that 13 out of 20 were unoccupied on 15th May 1804 , when earl St. Vincent quitted the admiralty . No ; his lordship had wantonly discharged the workmen from the dock-yards and they had obtained employment elsewhere ; many , in the dock-yards of our enemies . His haughty and illiberal conduct had disgusted every man in the service , and this at a time when our navy was fast running to ruin , as I have already stated , and will more fully prove ; and no provision was making to remedy so alarming an evil , either by building new ships , or by repairing those which required it.—Our dock-yards had neither Ship Wrights , nor materials , nor sufficient stores of any kind to supply the wants of the service . The deficiency of Ship Wrights is proved by an account called for by an hon . admiral and now on the table , which spews the number borne in all the yards on 31st Dec. in each year from 1793 . To prove ( if proofs are wanting ) the miserable state of the yards in respect to timber , I need only read the letters from the officers of the yards , which will be found in p. 39 of the papers presented the 28th of May , and then enquire , if this