such an army no free state had long maintained its freedom ; and it was contended , not that , our military exertions ought therefore to be less , but that our military force ought to continue to preserve that character of variety which is so odious in the eyes of the right hon . gent . but which it can not lose without a departure from the practice and the principles of the constitution . In this general objection to the right hon . gent 's . whole theory of military improvement ( which t am not sorry to have an opportunity of re-stating and re-affirming ) , what is there inconsistent with the objection stated to this particular measure , that it takes the management of the king 's army out of the hands of the king ; because we feel a jealousy and apprehension of the project of having nothing but a regular army in the country ; does it therefore follow , that we are not to disapprove of innovations , as dangerous as unnecessary in the constitution of that army ? I , would leave the kings authority over the regular army entire as I find it ; but I. would not 550 trust the whole defence of the country , internal as well as external , to that army alone . Is there any thing contradictory in this , statement ? Leave us our constitutional , force , and there is no danger from the regular army . But it is a poor device first to break down every other force upon which the country has relied , and to which the constitution is partial , and then to think we can remedy the inconvenience by taking the government of the regular army into Our own hands.—Equally unfounded is that part of the noble lord 's statement in which he imputes as an inconsistency and absurdity to those who have agreed with him , with his right hon . friend , and with all mankind , in the necessity of keeping up , under the present circumstances of the world , large military establishments , that they now complain of the vast drain and demand upon the population of the country ; and that after concurring in the wish that the country should be militarized as much as possible , they now oppose the means best calculated to produce that effect . The whole of this statement proceeds upon a mistake of one argument , and an assumption of another . I never heard it stated , I am sure I never stated it , as a matter of complaint , or even of regret , that there was so large a drain and demand for military service upon the population of the country . I have stated it , and I have heard it stated , as matter Of fact ; and as affording a sufficient answer to those who , because the regular army could not be augmented on the sudden to the proportion which they represent as necessary , have thought themselves therefore entitled to despond as to the military means , or to discourage the military spirit of the country . And as to opposing the measures by which those military means were to be concerted , and that military spirit to be encouraged and extended , the justice of that imputation depends upon the assumption of the fact , that the measures devised by the right hon . gent . are in truth the best calculated for that purpose , and upon the further assumption of our acknowledgment that they are so . We acknowledge no such thing : we oppose the right hon . gentleman 's plans , because we think them not the best calculated for this purpose ; because we differ from him , as to his opinion that all the other military establishments of the country would be wisely and cheaply sacrificed to procure a comparatively small numerical increase of the regular army ; because we think directly the contrary ; because , desirable as the augmentation , to any 551 amount you please ,