'' toward their native homes , until the war was terminated ; for they would know , that , if they presumed to relinquish the scene of their duty , they would return to parents and relatives , who would Consider their appearance among them derogatory to Scottish valour . When gentlemen talked of the future end remote disadvantages of the plan , they reminded him of a dispute regarding a canal between Edinburgh and Glasgow , for the supply of coals . In one direction it passed through a vale Without the smallest interruption , on a perfect level , and the tract through which it was to pass contained a supply of coals for three centuries : in another it was to be obstructed by 67 locks , and to be elevated 750 feet above the surface of the sea , but the supply of coals was sufficient for five centuries ! It was a disgrace to the good sense of the country , that like this bill , the 540 former channel had numerous opponents The temper of the hardy Caledonian , to whose bravery the nation had been so often indebted , was little known . Tell him to abandon the fond scenes of his youth for ever , and he will retire to the deep recesses of his mountains : indulge the expectation that he will , after a term of peril and fatigue , revisit his domestic hearth , and he will accompany you round the globe . His wants are few , but without freedom nothing can satisfy his desires . Donald the peasant , had three wishes to express ; the first was , 'fill my barn full of snuff ; ' the second , 'fill my pond with whiskey ; ' for the third , his invention , uninstructed by luxury , was deficient , and he exclaimed , fill say barn again with snuff . ' The lord advocate concluded by giving his hearty support to the measure . thought that the learned lord approved this measure only on account of the men who proposed it , as he had said that men could not be procured under the additional force act , where the advantages to the recruit were greater . He contended that in the present state of Europe none but the lowest orders could be expected to serve as soldiers . He had but little faith in the energies which had been ascribed , particularly to the soldiers of a free country , as the militia of a free country would always be superior to the regular army of a despotic government . He admitted that the army ought to be augmented , but thought an addition ought to be Made by enlisting from the militia . contended that the object of his right hon . friend was to put an end to all the theories which had been brought forward for a long time past . Like a skilful surgeon , he was removing the bandages , in order that nature might have her way . He mentioned these theories , such as the quota bill , the provisional cavalry , the army of reserve act , and the additional force act , all of which had failed . He denied that there was any danger of exciting mutiny or discontent from this measure . He also contended that the calculations respecting the expence had been erroneous . He denied that this measure trenched , in the smallest degree , on the prerogative of the crown ; for , unless the mutiny bill was passed every year , the king could not have a soldier . The instance of the East India Company 's soldiers was .au answer to the objections relative to the colonial service . He contended that there was no danger of 541 a relaxation of discipline , as soldiers never loved a commander the better for great remissness in this respect . He suspected that those who opposed the measure did it from a desire to get into their places . One noble lord was so fond of place , that he