manufacture , since it had been too justly said that too many of our manufactures tended to deteriorate the physical constitution , and produce a feeble and degenerate race of men , without spirit or ability to defend their rights . In this view alone he thought the manufacture of iron in all its branches highly deserving of encouragement , and deprecated any obstruction being given to its progress . He computed the number of those engaged in the various branches of the manufacture at between 4 and 500,000 ; and when it was considered how much every one of them contributed to the revenues of the state , by 80 the produce of his industry , it became a matter of serious consideration , whether the sum proposed to be raised by this tax would not be more than countervailed by those defalcations in other parts of the public revenue , which would arise from the discouragement given to the iron manufacture by the present tax . This tax had been proposed to the house ten years ago , and had then , upon full consideration , been withdrawn . It was then proposed to lay on a duty of only 20s per ton ; but the late chancellor of the exchequer saw reasons at that time to decline the prosecution of the measure ; and he must now repeat what he had said before in that house ( see vol . 6. p. 1002 ) , that it was one of the characteristics of that great man , candidly to give up any measure , which on investigation he found inexpedient , without dreading the charge of inconsistency or indecision . The manufacture of iron had this peculiar recommendation belonging to it , that it had arisen and flourished most in those parts of the country , which nature seemed to have damned to perpetual sterility . He had never felt a more sensible pleasure in his life , than when , after the lapse of a few years , he had returned to a spot once rugged and barren , but then covered by the fruits of human industry , and gladdened by the face of man , in consequence of the introduction of this manufacture . It was a received principle of taxation , that no duty should press upon any article in its rude and early state , since it caused an uniform rise of price on every article into which it was afterwards wrought up . In this instance , he calculated , that though the sum that would enter the treasury could not be more than 200,000l . yet a tax of nearly a million would be raised from the community at large . This he considered as a prodigal waste of those resources which ought to he husbanded for future demands , and which he was sure the public spirit of the country would cheerfully contribute , whenever they Were called for by the necessity of the times . It was a sound principle of taxation , that every tax should be as little vexatious as possible in its collection , for the tax on the feelings of the subject might be more galling than that on his pocket . The application of the excise to any branch of commercial enterprize was to be regretted : but , in this instance , it Would prove more than usually vexatious , from the number of those engaged in the manufacture , from the multifarious variety of the articles , but , above all , from the artisans being hitherto completely unaccustomed to the operation of excise laws.— 81 Within the short space of nine years , the manufacture of iron had been more than doubled . The annual produce had then been 100,000 tons , but it had now risen to 250,000 . It was therefore our duty to foster its progress , and not to check it . This tax would give foreign countries an advantage over us , and prevent us from increasing its exportation . The tax would cause an increase of price to the amount of 10 , 15