great difficulty he should feel , he protested , would be , to find words more strong than those which had .been employed in the act of the 25th . He hoped , however , that his right hon . friend would make the words so strong and clear , the sense so conspicuous and defined , and the enactment so plain and obvious , that it would be impossible that the provisions of his bill could be misconceived , or mistaken . He concluded by moving , `` that this house will , early in the next session , take into consideration the act of the 25th Geo . III . ch . 31 , relative to the regulation of the office of treasure of the navy . '' On the suggestion of the speaker , he also moved , that the reprot of the committee appointed to inspect the lords ' journals should be entered as read . rose , not with any intention to object to the motion of the hon .gent . ; but , because some things which he said appeared to him so extraordinary that he could not pass them over without observation . He seemed to have supposed that the learned judges had determined that embezzling the public money was no offence cognizable by law . The judges had determined no such thing.— [ Here Mr. Whitbread , by permission of the house rose , and read the following extract from the journals of the lords : `` Whether it was lawful for the treasurer of the navy , before the passing of the act of 25 Geo . III . c. 31 ( and more especially when , by warrant from his majesty , his salary , as such treasurer as aforesaid , was augmented , in full satisfaction for all wages , fees , and other profit and emoluments . ) to apply any sum of money imprested to him for navy services to any other use whatsoever , public or private , without express authority . for so doing ; and whether such application , by such treasurer , would have been a misdemeanour , or punishable by information or indictment ? `` The lord chief justice of the court of common pleas delivered the unanimous opinion of the judges upon the said question : `` That it was not lawful for the treasurer of the navy , before .the 25 Geo . III . c.31 , although after the warrant stated in the question , to apply any sum of money imprested to him for navy service , to other uses , public or private , without express authority for so doing , so as to constitute a misdemeanour punishable by information or indictment ; '' and gave his reasons , ] Mr. Leicester , in continuation , 1100 observed , that he was perfectly aware of that ; but then that was no embezzlement , The opinion only went so far as to say , that a temporary use of the public money , by individuals in office , was not an offence cognizable by law ; and every one knew , who was at all acquainted with the course of business for these last thirty years , that this had never been considered as a public offence . Where was the difference between the case of the late lord Holland and such individuals ? The hon . gent . had said , that the judges had given it as their opinion , that money might , by law , be drawn from the bank , and deposited elsewhere , for private purposes . They had said no such thing ; they had only said , that it was not illegal to draw money from the bank bond fide for naval service .. Whether afterwards the trust should be abused , was a quite .different thing , and one which they considered themselves as having nothing to do with . The gentlemen on the other side , therefore , seemed to have misconceived them , and to blend the liberty of taking out the money , with the