to the highest situations . Although from the measure as proposed by his right hon friend , he hoped a great deal , and anticipated much good , yet he considered that the positive inducement to men to enter into the army must come from some other source . At present , whatever inducements there were to enter the military life , were balanced by the consideration that it is a step which can never be recalled , `` vestigia nulla retrorsum . '' They were also opposed by the opinions of parents and friends , who considered a young man ruined and lost to his family and friends , for ever , should he embrace the life of a soldier . He considered then , that the principal effect of this measure would be to remove the impediments which now stood in the way of recruiting , but that the positive inducements must come from some other quarter . He thought that the strongest inducement would be to see the means of promotion within their reach , and attainable in a short time . He thought there was many a man who would not set great value on a distant advantage at the expiration of 14 or 20 years , but that if some kind of promotion of honourable distinction could be obtained in a few years , would feel strongly induced to aspire to it . He thought that the possibility of speedy promotion from the lowest situations of life to a higher one , would of 533 itself be the most powerful inducement . Even small distinctions had great weight with the generality of mankind ; for such was the littleness of human nature , that it was almost always by comparison that people judged of their own situation and of their own happiness . If they saw themselves ever so little raised above those who had been their equals , they were highly pleased and elated ; and on the other hand , it was often by comparing their situation with that of others , that many found out , or fancied that they Were miserable . Distinctions that would hardly cost the nation any thing would to individuals be of great importance . Military men were at all times fond of such distinctions ; and therefore the stars , the ribbons , and the military decorations which were usually given to successful commanders , had always been reckoned among those things that formed `` the cheap defence of nations . '' He should wish that the system of those military decorations , as a reward of merit , should be much farther extended in the army , so that every man might entertain a hope that an opportunity might occur , in the course of 1 , 2 , or 3 years , when he might signalize himself by some gallant exploit , to gain sonic of those envied distinctions . He had heard , that at one time the late administration had thought of instituting something like an order of merit among the navy , and he hoped the noble lord who was now at the head of the admiralty would carry that idea into execution . He was convinced that such an institution would hold out the most powerful motives both to great exertions , and to make the service attractive . He could by no means agree with the objection that had been so much relied upon , that such a measure as this should have been carried into effect by the crown , without consulting parliament . He was surprized , indeed , at the quarter from which this objection proceeded ; fur if ministers had acted differently , and , of their own heads , introduced a change so important in the military system of the country , and which appeared to those gentlemen so very objectionable , would they not , on much stronger grounds , have charged his majesty 's ministers with presumption , in following entirely their own opinions , and not giving the country the benefit of having this important question fully discussed before it was