it would give rise to inconvenient and invidious distinctions . But he maintained , that there would be a vast expence and inconvenience in re-engaging the men , if it was general . had voted for the Additional Force act , in the hope that it would have been effectual . If the parishes had raised the men , he was sure the act would have been highly beneficial , for local knowledge and personal connection would have prevented desertion . But the parish officers , instead of raising the men themselves , raised them by the ; intervention of 126 recruiting serjeants and crimps , and thus the benefit was lost . A certain district which had to furnish sixteen men , had obtained them from London , by the aid of a recruiting serjeant ; they were taken down and passed , and the next morning fourteen of the sixteen deserted . Thus it was the ordinary recruiting , and the high bounties , that found the men ; and however willing he was to vote for the repeal of this bill , which now proved inefficient ; and convinced , as he was , of the honourable , patriotic , and zealous motives which induced his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , to propose the new plan he had suggested , yet he could venture to assure his rt . Hon . friend . that in many of the sanguine hopes he had expressed for the success of that measure , he would find himself egregiously mistaken , more especially in that part where he expected to do away large bounties , without any disadvantage to the recruiting service ; for he really feared , that the system of large bounties had prevailed too much of late years , and was too deeply impressed upon the minds of the common people , to be abandoned during the continuance of the present war , without totally destroying the recruiting service . With respect to enlistment for short periods , he was convinced it would be rapidly productive of recruits . He had himself been employed on the recruiting service , during the American war ; and when a limited period of enlistment for five years was proposed , the effects were immediately and rapidly felt , in an extraordinary accession of men . But , as to the idea of discharging men during a war , he could by no means agree to it , convinced , as he was , that it might be ruinous to the service , and especially the colonial part . With the insertion of the word `` five , or seven years , or during the war , '' he was ready to vote for the plan of his rt . hon . friend , convinced , as he was , that it could not injure the service , and that the very young men , so discharged , after being a short time with their friends , would be anxious to re-enlist ; but there was no principle that would be more truly advantageous to the recruiting service , than that of ascertaining to the veteran soldier , that , after a service of twenty-one years , he should enjoy his pension for the remainder of his life , without being again liable to be dragged from his family , to eke out , at a distant place , the remainder of twenty-five years , as had been the case , and had excited sensations of disgust , extreme- 127 ly detrimental to the service , and particularly to that of recruiting . said a few words in support of the enlistment for term for years . said , he rose once more to oppose the repeal of this bill , and to express some degree of astonishment at that sort of dignified and determined silence with which the rt . hon . gent . had treated every endeavour to elicit from him some further , and more detailed explanation , of the measure which he proposed to substitute in place of this bill , which he