remiss in drawing for pay , but he was enabled to state from papers he held in his hand , that notwithstanding the utmost endeavours on the part of the secretary of state 's office , and frequent ex- 839 hortations to the several commandants , to make the regular returns four times a year , no return had been made from the corps under the hon . gents ' command , on any of the quarters ending in the months of Aug. Dec. or April last . asked the hon . gen. if he was competent to answer , whether it way meant that if any of the corps upon the August allowance should be reduced it number , they would be at liberty to admit new members , under the same regulations as formerly ? answered , certainly , until fresh regulations should be made out.—The motion was then agreed to pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the Bankrupt Laws , or rather , he said , more correctly speaking , to remove certain defects in those laws . It was by no means his intention to attempt the amendment of the whole of the law upon this subject , but to remove certain great defects , the mischievous consequences of which were every day observed , and most sensibly felt by all Who had any opportunity of considering the question . His object at present simply was , to introduce some regulations which were obviously necessary . According to the existing Bankrupt law , any acts done or debts contracted by the bankrupt , in the course of the period which intervened between the committal of the act of bankruptcy and the taking out of the commission , Was , as it affected the creditors , Completely annulled . The evils resulting from this provision were of the most serious nature ; for it often happened that a bankrupt had sold a real estate , and , received the money for it , after the committal of an act of bankruptcy , and yet , unless according to the act of the 21st Of James . 1. such sale had taken place 5 years before the commission was taken out , the purchaser was deprived of his purchase , and it became the property of the assignees of the bankrupt . Another evil resulting from the present law was , that if money was lent to bankrupt at any time during the period just referred to , such money was liable to be distributed among the creditors , and the lender was not , any more than the purchaser of the estate , allowed even the small consolation of receiving a dividend , or any portion of his money from the bankrupt 's effects , nor had he , 840 indeed , any remedy at all . The learned gent . referred to the acts which it was object to amend ; and proceeded to observe upon their nature , the principal of all which was to protect the debts of a bona fide Creditor 's bankrupt . That act the house must be fully aware , which in law was an act of bankruptcy , was by no means an act of notoriety , nor even such generally as a creditor could by the utmost vigilance contrive to know . In most cases , indeed , it was an act known only to the bankrupt himself , or any of his servants , who by his direction denied his being at home upon a creditor 's calling for him . Why then , the learned gent . asked , should such mischiefs as those he had described be allowed to accrue to men liable to deal with a bankrupt under such circumstances ? and why should their ignorance of an event , which it was almost impossible for them to know , be permitted to involve the forfeiture of their just claims ? But these were not all the evils which the present law produced ; for it was not less severe against the bankrupt