have professed it : it would have implied an opinion in his own mind , that there was something in him which might have made it an object with the present ministers to have had him amongst them . But there were many certainly among Mr. Pitt 's friends , to whom this did not apply , and whose exclusion and dismissal from office could hardly be ascribed to any thing but the principle of proscription on which the administration was formed . He next observed , that the first thing , from all the professions of the right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Fox ) , whether in this house , or out of it , which might have beat expected to be found to mark the formation of any administration to which he was to belong , was a great regard to the true principles of liberty , the principles on which it was established , and by which it was to be secured . The way , however , in which those professions were acted upon was by violating , in the formation of their cabinet , one of the very first and most acknowledged principles of liberty and a free constitution , by uniting the judicial and executive power in one person ; he alluded to the appointment of his noble and learned friend lord Ellenborough , the chief justice of England to a seat in the cabinet ; and however the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) had on a former night referred with triumph to the event of the discussions on that subject , he begged to assure him , that he was much mistaken , if he supposed that the impressions made upon the public mind , the disadvantageous , professions to the character of the sincerity of his attachments to the real principles of liberty , had not been slight in point of effect ; and would not be transitory in point of duration . The next thing , he said , which might have been expected , from all their former declamations against supposed abuse of power was this , that if they came into the possession of it , nothing would be so strongly marked , as the temperate moderation with which they would use it : the happy illustration of this temperance and moderation , he said , was to be found in their late conduct to the directors of the East India company ; —an act , which if report did not strongly caluminate them , could hardly be equalled by any former instance of the most immoderate exercise of power , or the most eager grasp at patronage . The next 635 point on which all their professions raised the greatest expectations , was that of regard to the true principles of economy . Of this , he said , the measure now before them was the happiest instance ; for not only was a great expence incurred by it , but a great expence was incurred for the sake of trying a military experiment of the right hon . gent . which , on the loose estimate that we had had of it from themselves , was immediately to cost 330,000l . per ann . ; but it was an experiment which had been shewn over and over again , he said , by an hon . general ( sir James Pulteney ) , and by others , might have been tried with equal effect , if it should succeed , and with infinitely less danger , if it failed , actually for nothing by the manner in which the house was plunged into great part of this expence , without the least attempt on the part of government to help them to form an idea of its extent . And here , he remarked , that the indifference to the true principles of economy was , perhaps , more apparent in the manner of plunging the house into this expence than even in the extent of the expence itself . For great expences the necessities of the