pages of history , the noble lord said , did not afford so numerous , so great , and so closely continued a series of successful and meritorious services rendered his country , as that which the history of the noble viscount , whose family , and the perpetuation of whose memory were the objects of the present resolutions , presented . If we looked to the early part of his life , we were struck with admiration , and felt ourselves almost led on to form presages of his future greatness . It undoubtedly , however , did happen , in the present instance , that high as his services and merits then were , and high as the expectation which they may have been presumed to have excited , the former part of his life has been eclipsed by the transcendent brightness of the latter . It happened , fortunately for his country , that with his increasing age his vigour , too , increased , and that he was enabled to give full scope , in a close and unbroken series of successes , to those talents , virtues , and abilities with which he was endowed . Off Cape St. Vincent , against the Spaniards , it was his good fortune to be eminently serviceable ; and , when the fleets of France , in pursuit of 143 that spirit of aggrandisement which then began to manifest itself , sailed to the east , it was his lot to defeat their hopes in that quarter , by a total destruction of their fleets . Not long after , when a combination was formed against us by the northern powers , he , under the walls of Copenhagen , terminated the war and the confederacy . His last memorable battle was in the recollection of every one , when the fleets of France and Spain , having united , for a while menaced our trade and colonies , till driven by the fame of his name from the West Indies , he pursued them to Europe , and , watching the first opportunity of their coming out of Cadiz , brought them to action , and had again the satisfaction of knowing , though his own valuable life was the forfeit , that he had totally annihilated the enemies of his country . Of him it might be truly said , what was addressed to a great person of antiquity— '' Tu felix Agricola non tantum vitâ sed etiam opportunitate mortis . '' Such was the life , and such the death of the man , in honour of whose memory , and on whose family , they were this day called on by their sovereign to bestow a mark of the gratitude of a generous people . His family , honoured , enobled , and enriched , as it unquestionably would be , would be the means of inducing others to follow his brilliant example , and of handing down to posterity our ideas of his eminent services . They would also bear testimony to the truth of this , that burthened as this country at present is , she still knows how to reward liberally , when her liberality is called forth by such transcendent merit and services . His lordship concluded by moving , `` that it is the opinion of this committee , that the annual sum of 5000 l. be granted to his majesty , out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain , to commence from the 21st day of October , 1805 , and be settled , in the most beneficial manner , upon the present earl Nelson and the heirs male of his body , and such other persons to whom the title of earl Nelson may descend , pursuant to the limitations of the patent whereby the said dignity is granted . '' wished to know whether in the 120,000 l. was included any provision for other members of the noble lord 's family , or whether any further provision for them was intended . replied , that 90,000l . were to be laid out in the purchase