pox , was 835 , but in 1799 the vaccine inoculation was introduced , and in 1802 the number of deaths arising from that fatal malady was reduced to 61 . In 1803 it was further reduced to 27 , and in 1804 the actual number who died of the small pox amounted to two persons only , and these were arrivals from the country . Upon a fair calculation , therefore , it may reasonably be computed that the whole . annual saying of the lives of persons from that disorder , amounts on an average to 833 in one capital , by time beneficial practice of vacine inoculation . After having stated this fact , which makes the deepest im 881 pression upon my mind , I think I have submitted one of the strongest motives which have induced me to adopt some measure to promote its progress in our own country . While the inhabitants of all Europe and America are at this moment reaping the beneficial consequences of such a wonderful discovery ; while in the East Indies alone , there have been upwards of 800,000 persons inoculated in the space of a single year ; and whilst in the empire of China , too , its introduction has become general , and it has been regularly successful in its effects in every part of the globe ; I am sorry , extremely hurt , however , to observe , that in this country alone , in which the discovery had originated , the salutary practice of vaccine inoculation has been of late years undergoing a retrograde movement . What has been the real cause of this melancholy circumstance ? Objections certainly have been Started , and the promulgation of them in the manner in which they have been circulated throughout the kingdom , has no doubt had the effect of arresting very considerably the progress of vaccination , and of spreading abroad the dreadful consequences of the original malady , thereby increasing the number of its victims . I observe , in the city of London , in the year 1802 , the average number of deaths for six years , was 1811 , but the effects of the vaccine inoculation , at first , went considerably to reduce that number , and in 1804 it was only 629 , being about one-third of the average number of individuals who had perished , by the small pox , for six years preceding the introduction of vaccination . But , in consequence of the numerous prejudices which have been excited , and the opinions that have been circulated adverse to vaccination , the . original practice of inoculating for the small pox has been gradually Making progress , and the number of deaths Which have happened during the last year has amounted to no less than 1680 , which is bringing back nearly that average degree of depopulation which had been experienced previous to the introduction of the vaccine discovery . Under these alarming circumstances , sir , I found , that in every point of view , this measure claims the most serious attention of the legislature , and , therefore , I am now about to submit some mode of procedure concerning it . I have not the smallest inclina 882 tion to propose any compulsory measures , being well convinced that whatever may be our view of any subject of science , this house ought to pause very long indeed , before they prescribe any law to individuals upon matters which relate to their own health , and even on which the very existence of their children may depend . These , indeed , are topics upon which private individuals in society are to be allowed to be the most competent judges ; but , if I am not to have recourse to compulsory measures , I feel that it is at least a duty incumbent upon me in the situation in which I stand . at this time , to submit a motion to this house , to which , if they agree , their procedure will tend to enlighten the public