thought it would be fa : better , were the noble lord to content him self , in the mean time , with the appointment of some overseers , or inspectors , to ascertain whether or not the former corn , missioners were going on properly . It would 1022 cast no reflection upon these former commissioners , even although it were found proper that they should be instructed to pursue a different course . if the noble lord had waited a few months longer , he might , by further enquiries , and more minute investigation , have become of opinion , that the whole business . might be sufficiently well carried on by the appointment , merely , of additional clerks , instead of new commissioners . He had , certainly , heard the noble lord with considerable surprise , when he stated in that house , that there were 450 millions unaccounted for ; when , by the closest examination , he ( Mr. R. ) could give to the subject , he had ascertained , clearly , that there were only 21 millions actually to be audited by the commissioners , out of 217 millions , the exact amount of the whole unaudited accounts . The cause of the noble lord 's mistatement arose from various circumstances . There were various representations in his ( lord Petty 's ) mode of calculation ; several desperate accounts were included , which ought to have been omitted ; and there wee , also , some irregularities in the manner of transacting some payment made by the bank . The paymaster-general 's accounts had been retarded , merely from there not being a possibility of clearing them . There had been a practice grown up , since 1783 , which empowered the pay-master-general to issue sums of money , merely on a letter from the secretary at war , and no regular vouchers had ever been obtained . On the very first day on which he came into the pay-office , he looked into these matters , and discovered great irregularities . He required of his colleagues , to produce regular warrants for all the sums that had been so issued ; but , on the impossibility of doing so for such a length of time , he did not wish to throw impediments or obstacles in the way of their daily business . He , however , lost no time in making complete and new arrangements , so that the pay-master 's accounts were no longer kept in arrear . The evil of the these outstanding accounts would not be cured by this bill . The noble lord was perfectly mistaken , if he supposed that , by this new appointment of auditors , he could audit accounts which it had been , formerly , found impossible to examine , on account or the want of vouchers . On the whole , he could not help repeating , that an additional number of inspectors would be better adapted for keeping the present auditors going on with the business expeditiously . 1023 In other respects , be did not see much to object to the bill , as it bore such an affinity to the one formerly brought into parliament . He approved particularly of that part which respected the comptroller , and that was still the only part which was new . As to the other clause , which he himself had Suggested , it was still unintelligible . What he wished was , that governors of provinces or settlements abroad , who receive and expend the public money , should be the accountants themselves . At the same time , he would not dispute , that there might be cases occurring , when the commissioners might have an option , whether to make these general officers their accountants , or those who were employed under them to expend the money . It should also be provided , that the commissioners of the treasury should not make any allowances , but under certain provisions . On the whole , this bill went to create great additional and unnecessary