or became bankrupt , the property being changed , the remaining owners could not continue to trade with the vessel ; the property in which would , therefore , become of little or no value , the remaining owners sustain a heavy loss , and the estate of the testator , or the bankrupt , be seriously injured , and thus creditors be unable to obtain their demands . defended the bill , and maintained , that the persons engaged in the trade had had amply sufficient notice of the intention of the legislature to abolish it , and , therefore , ought not now to complain of injustice . He thought , that the words of the bill which had been objected to ought to remain , as to allow other owners to trade with the present vessels , would only tend to increase the number of claimants for compensation when the legislature , finally , abolished the trade . declared himself friendly to the abolition of the trade , provided it 1145 was done cautiously , with full information upon the subject , and with as little injury and oppression as possible to individuals . also , expressed himself friendly to the abolition ; but thought it had been retarded by the harshness used towards those who carried on the trade . In order to prevent this bill from being a harsh measure upon individuals , he suggested , that those words should be left out , which restricted the employment of the vessels now in the trade to the present owners . was of opinion , that the words objected to did not legally bear the interpretation which had been put upon them . He contended that , notwithstanding the death , or bankruptcy , of any of the part owners , the vessels might still be navigated under the old register.—The house then resolved itself into a committee ; where some conversation arose upon the different clauses ; in the course of which , lord Ellenborough warmly replied to an expression used by the earl of Westmoreland . The latter noble lord moved , to leave out the words `` any owner or owners , '' with a view to prevent the trade from being restricted to the present owners of the vessels employed in it . This was opposed by lord Ellenborough and lord Grenville , on the grounds before stated and supported by lord Eldon . The proposition was negatived . Lord Eldon moved to extend the time limited for taking out licences , for navigating vessels in the trade , from the 1st of August to the 1st of September . This amendment was , also , negatived , as was , likewise , an amendment proposed by the earl of Westmoreland , to limit the duration of the bill to the end of the next session of parliament , instead of 2 years . The bill then passed through the committee , and was reported without amendment . moved the 2d reading of the Public Harbours bill . did not mean to oppose the 2d reading of this bill ; but , as much and valuable private property might be affected by its operation , trusted that care would be taken , in the committee , to provide for the protection of that property . No objection could be felt to the measure , if it was only to extend to the king 's harbours of Plymouth , Portsmouth , Sheer- 1146 ness , & c. ; but , to other places it might be seriously injurious . informed the hon . member , that the bill was to extend to all harbours in the united kingdom , commercial as well as naval . Its object was , purely , to prevent nuisances , .and to preserve the anchorage in the state in which it is at present in each . as the bill was to prevent nuisances , suggested to the hon . bart . and to his noble friend ( lord H. Petty ) , the propriety of introducing a clause into it , for removing nuisances in harbours .