that there was some risk , where , at first view , there appeared to be none . There were instances of this even in the bank account . He mentioned one instance , in which 700,000l . had been issued from the bank to one individual in the West Indies . He had been on a former occasion accused of ignorance on this head , 796 and told that the account of Valentine Jones had no more to do with the bank than it had to do with the hackney-coach office , a comparison which the right hon . gent . 's ( Mr. Rose ) experience enabled him to make . He would state the particulars of that transaction , and leave the matter to the judgment of the house . In the year 1797 several bills had been drawn on the treasury , which applied to the bank to discharge those bills , and bills to the amount of 1,600,000l . were discharged , and when the subsequent loan was made the bank detained the amount . They presented their accounts to the auditors , the latter refused to allow the sum which had been drawn by Mr. Jones , which the bank had also withheld . In 1798 an ex post facto clause was introduced into the loan bill , sanctioning this conduct of the bank , empowering the auditors to admit the account , and making Mr. Valentine Jones insuper on the bank account . This sum , therefore , had something more to do with the bank account than it had to do with the hackney-coach office . He would not accuse the right hon . gent . of ignorance on this subject ; he would only call it a sort of want or recollection . Undoubtedly however , he allowed , that with regard to the far greater part of the bank account there was no risk , and as to the paymaster , he allowed that the paymasters themselves were very honourable persons , yet the persons under them abroad , and in many places at home , might he of a very different description . But , however , he could not go on describing the different shades which might be pointed out on these topics . All that he wished to do was , to show , that great risk was , upon the whole , sustained from the unaudited state of the accounts . Besides this , he had no doubt that considerable sums might be recovered ; and , at any rate , the example would be beneficial , and produce a considerable effect on all those who were entrusted with the public money . In this view the measure would be of immense utility . It had been said that the war office particularly required revision . In that he most perfectly agreed , and it was certainly extremely desirable that a new distribution and new regulations could be made in that office . But so many points had come under consideration , that he was not prepared with any measure respecting the war office at present . But this , however , would most certainly be speedily attended to ; in the mean time the want of this would not take away from the value of the measure now proposed as far as it went . He pledged 797 himself , however , in the ensuing session , to submit to the house a more efficacious plan for examining the accounts in the war office , for in the war office , after all that had been urged by the right hon . gent . he was convinced that they must be examined . He certainly regretted that he could not bring this plan forward at the present moment , but he would not be deterred from doing that which he could do , because he was unable to do that which he wished to do . Before he sat down he would mention a word or two on the expence of the proposed measure , which had nearly escaped him . By the arrangement now