convinced of its efficacy . Under that conviction , he had also delivered it in to his majesty 's present ministers . But he did not perceive that they were disposed to act upon it . Should he , however , fail to receive any communication from them respecting their ideas of the proposed plan , he should deem it his duty to submit it to their lordship 's consideration . after referring to the petitions which he had presented against the resolutions intended to be proposed respecting the abolition of the Slave Trade , declared it to be his opinion that the parties whom these resolutions might affect , should be heard by their counsel at the bar previous to the resolutions being proposed . did not conceive this to be the moment for entering into the examination of evidence . When the petitions were first presented , it was competent then for the noble earl to move that counsel be heard ; but as that opportunity had not then been taken to make the motion , he could not allow that such question be now started , and mixed with the question fixed for this day 's discussion . He should therefore move the order of the day , for taking into consideration the resolutions upon this subject communicated by the commons , and leave it open for any noble lord to make what objections to it he should deem proper . said , the resolutions affected such weighty and various interests , that he thought it but justice the parties should be heard by their counsel . He should not , however , press any motion upon the subject . then moved , that the order of the day be read ; which was accordingly done : it was for summoning their lordships , for the consideration of the vote communicated by the commons , at a conference , resolving in effect , that the Slave Trade , being contrary to the principles of humanity , justice , and sound policy , they would , early in the next session of parliament , proceed to the consideration of the abolition of the same , in such way , and at what period , as they shall think most expedient , & c. The Resolution being read by the clerk , the noble lord rose , and observed , that the Resolution their lordships had just heard read , was the determinate result of nearly 20 years discussion and inquiry upon the subject . He rejoiced that the topic had been sifted to the bottom . No pretence , or shadow of argument , could now be urged , that had not again and again been publicly discussed , and every particle of objection repeatedly refuted . The time was come , when no need existed of farther inquiry ; and that period , when the voice of justice , and the voice of humanity , equally called upon that house to concur in the Resolution voted by the other house of parliament . The Resolution imported , that the African Slave trade was contrary to the principles of humanity , of justice , and of sound policy , As to the first point , could any man in that house , or in the country , he would ask , raise his voice , and , in his mind and conscience , say , that the slave trade was not contrary to humanity ? What was the object of the slave trade ? To tear men from the bosom of their families , their country , their friends , wives , brothers , children , from 803 all that was dear to them in society , and in their country . Could any man assert such a practice was not contrary to humanity ? Personal freedom was a blessing granted by God , and could not with justice be violated by man . Were their lordships to consider , only for a moment , the manner in which the unhappy objects of the traffic were procured , and which , among other records , appeared , in