was in the power 68 of any individual in the house to propose whatever course he pleased . He could see no object in the observations of the rt . hon . gent . who had just spoken , than to lower the tone of the house . The charges against the marquis Wellesley were of an infinitely stronger nature , than those against the noble lord who was then on his trial . He was in favour of proceeding by impeachment ; but as that was not now the question , he would vote for the production of the papers.— The motion was then put and agreed to . then moved for a variety of other papers , for the purpose of shewing the interest paid on the loans by the Marquis Wellesley , the amounts of salaries , house-rents , & c. payable to persons holding offices under him , & c. ; which , after some additional remarks from Mr. Bankes , in which he expressed his determination , on a future occasion , to call the attention of the house to the state in which the matter then stood , were agreed to.—On the motion of the Marquis of Douglas , in addition to a former order , there was ordered to be laid before the house an account of all gratuities , pensions , or presents , paid or payable in India to servants of the East India company down to the latest period . The house resolved itself into a committee on this bill . As the chairman was reading the proposed alteration in the clause respecting the penalties now levied , wished the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) would state , generally , what was the nature of the alterations he intended to propose in that respect ? said , it was his intention to propose , that those penalties which were due under the act should not be enforced , and that those which had been paid should be refunded . wished also to know , why the Army of Reserve act had been mentioned in the clause ? replied , that it was because the Additional Force act repealed the Army of Reserve act , and it might , therefore , be doubted whether the repeal of that act would not be a revival of the Army of Reserve . said , that although he was friendly to the principle of the bill , he would rather abandon it altogether than agree to such a clause . As to the bill itself , he wished it to be repealed , because he was sure it had completely failed ; and although a sufficient time had been allowed for it to produce 69 its effect , it was found not to be the permanent and perennial source for recruiting our armies that it was expected to be ; but as to the clause , he thought nothing could be more unjust than to place upon an equality those who had diligently and successfully exerted themselves to carry the law into execution , and those who from supineness and negligence made no such exertions . As to the repaying the penalties , it was a principle he never before heard of . He well remembered the Shop Tax , which was highly condemned by the rt hon . gent ( Mr. Fox ) , as oppressive and unjust ; but it never had entered into the head of that rt . hon . gent . or of the numerous petitioners for the repeal of the tax , that whatever had been raised under it , ought to have been restored . They were contented then with the repeal of the act of which they complained . There were only two petitions on the table of the house , for the repeal of act : the one was from Berkshire , and the other from the parish of Mery-la-bonne , but the petitioners had never thought of asking for repayment of the sums they had paid under this act . If this were done , it would appear that