. In other islands the supplies in neutrals were restrained , as far as related to provisions , but under the provisions of the present bill all the proceedings of the late committee of trade will be rendered utterly useless , and the whole trade to our colonies will be completely thrown open to foreigners . We are told , however , that this is a measure of absolute necessity , I deny that ; it is also denied by persons much more capable of forming a correct judgment on the point than any of us in this committee . What is it then we ask ? Not that our opinion shall at once be acted upon , but that an enquiry shall be had to prove who is right , and that a determination may be taken conformable thereto . I will undertake positively that such be gone through in four or five days , at the utmost , before a committee up stairs , which would not delay the progress of the bill a single hour ; if that shall be granted , I have good reason to believe it will be proved to demonstration that the opinion entertained by the noble duke before alluded to , and myself , respecting a regular supply to the islands in British ships is a correct one ; there are merchants of the highest respectability , and ship-owners , who are ready to embark in circuitous trade from hence to America , the West Indies , and home , as soon as they can be assured of convoys , if this bill shall be dropped : that can be proved before a committee . Will you then refuse to men entitled to every attention that can be shewn to them , the opportunity of establishing these facts by proof , when no possible inconvenience can arise from your doing so ? I believe there is no instance of an enquiry being refused in such a case : what then will be thought of our proceedings if we should shut our doors against such petitioners as are now before us , who tell us we are about to adopt a measure as injurious to the country , as it must be ruinous to 690 them ; and that if we withhold our hands , their ships , now rotting by the walls , will find profitable employment ? Has this been asked for ? If by any body , let us know by whom . Since the bill came into the house , some West India gentlemen , who now , as on other occasions , expressed an approbation of it ; —if an enquiry is granted , the petitioners undertake to shew to those gentlemen that they could not suffer by the navigation laws being enforced , that they would send out ships , and settle correspondences to ensure a regular and ample supply for the islands , which would ensure increased means for bringing home the crops , whereas it was notorious that for want of a sufficiency of ships in the trade , more than 20,000 hogsheads of sugar were left in Jamaica in the last years , and great quantities in the Leeward islands . Can his majesty 's ministers , under such circumstances as these , refuse an enquiry ? Can they so treat men entitled to respect and consideration ? And I will venture to ask also , will they so set at defiance the public opinion ? without being able to suggest any reason whatever for such a refusal , for as yet we have heard none , nor can I form an imagination of a plausible one . If they are confident they are right , why not take to themselves the triumph of proving that , and exposing our error ? By refusing investigation , the impression on the minds of all impartial people must be unfavourable ministers : there has been no enquiry even before the committee of trade to justify this measure , a thing likewise unheard of . The noble lord has suggested the difficulties that may attend regular convoys