of the house on the subject of marquis Wellesley 's conduct , a decision had taken place elsewhere . In a court of proprietors a motion , which was stated at the time by the friends of the noble lord to convey censure on him , was carried by a majority of 960 to 170 , and of 23 directors to 1 ! recommended the hon . gent . who had just sat down to agree to the proposition of the right hon . gent . who had preceded him . The object of the motion which he had made in the court of East India proprietors , and to which the hon . gent . had alluded , was not to criminate marquis Wellesley , but simply to express his sense of the many and laudable conduct of time Court of Directors . urged the immediate printing of the charge . finding that the sense of the house seemed to be , that it would be more fair to defer printing the charge until the whole of the evidence was before them , thought it most advisable to move the previous question ; which was agreed to . The judges attended in pursuance of the order of the house , to deliver their opinions on questions put to them , relative to the appeal , Lucina v. Crawford . This case arose out of a policy of assurance , effected by the commissioners for the management of Dutch property , detained under certain circumstances in the year 1795 , on certain detained Dutch vessels and cargoes , on their voyage from st. Helena to this country , some of which vessels were afterwards lost , and an action brought by the commissioners on the policy to recover an average loss . The cause , after being litigated in the courts below , was brought up by appeal to the house of lords , where , after counsel had been heard on both sides , 8 questions were propounded to the judges for their opinion on points of law arising out of the case . The main question , to which the others were in some measure subordinate , was , in substance , whether the commissioners had a legal interest in the property , on its voyage from st. Helena , so as to enable them to effect a legal and valid policy of insurance thereon . Upon these questions the judges commenced the delivery of their opinions seriatim . Mr. baron Graham first delivered his opinion , which was as to the question of interest , that the commissioners had a sufficient interest to the property to enable them to effect a legal and valid policy . Mr. justice was decidedly of opinion , on the contrary that the commissioners had no such interest ; that they had no interest in the property , either in possession , reversion , or expectancy , in the legal sense of those words ; that the most it amounted to was a naked expectation that the property on its arrival in this country might come under their management , and that upon the same principle they might have insured every Dutch ship in the Dutch ports , in the expectation of their being detained by British vessels and brought into the ports of this country . then moved to postpone the further delivery of the opinions of the judges till Monday next , which was agreed to . rose and stated that he came down to the house with the intention of putting a question to a noble lord ( Minto ) had he seen him in his 834 place , relative to the dispatches which had just been received from India . He was impressed with an opinion that ministers were not fully aware of the nature of those dispatches , and the consequences : which might probably result from them . If he saw the noble lord whom he alluded to , in the house to-morrow , he would then our a question to him , for the purpose of ascertaining what were the ultimate intentions of his majesty