which they proposed , and that of the rt . hon . gent . They proposed it only on the ground of urgent necessity , and in the act itself encouraged and invited the nation to be freed from its hardships , by offering their voluntary service . It was for this that they had granted so many exemptions . The rt . hon . gent 's . plan , however , gave no encouragement to voluntary service , but only permitted men to retreat into it as a sort of asylum . The great advantage of the subsisting act in its principle was , that it multiplied the number of recruiting officers , by interesting 10,000 parishes in the recruiting service , instead of 500 men ; and many of these people would , in the ordinary course of recruiting , never be visited by a recruiting party . He should propose to the rt . hon . gent . instead of totally changing the present system , to try an experiment in the present year , which , if successful , would induce parliament to agree to his plan in the course of next year . Suppose he would allow the second battalions to remain and to recruit at the same time for the different descriptions of service with different bounties ; supposing 12 guineas for service limited both in time and space , 14 guineas for service limited in time but not in space , and 16 for general service ; then by the number of men raised by the temptation of those different bounties , it would be seen in what light the different descriptions of service were viewed by these inclined to enlist He thought the present system must he more efficient than that of the rt . hon . gent . in raising men , as at present , whoever choose to enter for limited service might have in time additional force a service limited in space as well as in time . This , therefore , being more limited , than even what that rt . hon . gent proposed , would on his own principles be more attractive . He therefore must oppose the new plan , as having a great chance of not producing as many men as the present system , but no probability of producing more . said he rose on this oc- 23 casion with an opportunity of indulging what he certainly did not wish to indulge , namely , party-triumph , because very one of the objections which he with others had had the honour of stating against the bill now sought to be repealed , had been admitted to-night , even by the advocates for the continuance of that bill—not only admitted , but even avowed , and yet these gentlemen called for its continuance . They said that the house should not take it according to its origin , for that the merits of the bill had but begun to be understood , and that its beneficial operation was but just commencing ! thus it appeared , that a bill which had for its object to raise a number of men who were to be provided with promptness for our military force , was to be a year and an half before it commenced its advantageous operation ; a year and an half elapsed before those who were called upon to execute it properly understood its real meaning . O wise legislature , that could thus enact laws to remove difficulties ! O still more wise executive government , who could thus provide for the safety of the state on a sudden emergency ! To be eighteen months in executing that which was to save the country from impending ruin on the instant ! He knew of no humiliation greater than that which belonged to those who were to defend a bill enacted for such a purpose , and which had produced such an effect . A bill to make doubtful points clear , took 18 months for its framers to understood . its operation ! A bill to furnish the country with an immediate