month to digest a plan , about which they were agreed , that house , where it would meet with so many opponents , would require a still longer period for its discussion . apprehended , that a month would be fully sufficient to enable the house to come to a determination on the new military plans . Besides , when a new Mutiny bill was introduced at the close of that period , there would be full opportunity to discuss the new clauses , founded on the alterations that might be introduced into the military system . asked , whether it was intended to introduce the three bills for which leave had been given , with the bill for the repeal of the Additional Force act , and which had not since been heard of ; the bill for suspending the militia ballot , the bill for Training en masse , and the bill for extending the allowance of Chelsea Hospital . said these bills were in preparation ; but he could not mention any particular day for the introduction of them . rose to give a general notice on a very important subject . Gentlemen must be aware that there had been for some days on the table a most important report of the commissioners of military inquiry . ( See appendix , vol . vi . p . cliii . ) The facts contained in that report made it necessary that measures should be taken , without one day 's delay , to apply a remedy to the abuses which they proved . But as they were under the consideration of his majesty 's government , and so far advanced as to render it likely that it would be produced before the close of the present session , one general measure for bringing up the arrears of the public accountants , it was conceived that the subject the report on the table applied to , would be most properly included in that general measure . The suggestions contained in that report would be fully attended to in framing the general measure under consideration . He assured the house , in the mean time , that this delay of the legislative provision , would not prevent the adoption of immediate steps to obtain the repayment of the large balance that appeared to be due to the public from a person who had lately held an office of high public trust ( General De Lancey ) , late barrack master general . rose to move for the production of several papers , in further support of his charges against the marquis Wellesley . They consisted of an account of the new taxes levied , and the old imposts revived , under the government and during the administration of the marquis , in India , with a long series of others , respecting the revenues , police , and municipal arrangements of the country . On the question being put upon the first , observed , that the house having now proceeded so far in this business as to have allowed a charge to be laid upon their table , for the crimination of the noble marquis ; and to grant to the hon . gent . who brought it forward , a vast mass of papers to support those charges , the business now began to assume a serious turn ; and it therefore became necessary for the house to consider what steps were most fit to be farther pursued . The first thing to be considered was , whether the charges sustained upon such documents as were now before the house , were such as ought to be entertained ? and if they were , then the next thing to be considered was , in what manner the house should proceed , as best calculated to attain 65 the ends of public justice , with all convenient dispatch : for he trusted , that the hon . gent . who had brought this charge forward , was not to be indulged in moving for papers ad infinitum , but would be obliged to come to issue upon the