of the propriety or the utility of any act of parliament . Henceforth , instead of the different branches of the legislature receiving petitions against any bill , they should , collectively , when about to pass an act , petition the people for leave to do it ; and , instead of the act running , `` May it please Your Majesty , be it enacted , & c. '' it should be worded , `` Be it submitted to the good sense of the people . '' This would be the situation we should be brought to by this clause ; and he should have thought the right hon . gent . would be the last person who would have legislated in this manner ; and , indeed , he did think that if the bill passed , as it now stood , the right hon . gent. , after he had the triumph of carrying it through the house , would see the absurdity of this clause . The right hon . gent . said it would be an act of great injustice to force men to impossibilities . But the very same principle prevailed under the militia laws . First , the men must be balloted for , and those who were drawn , and could not find a man , were forced to pay a penalty ; and this very ballot , which the right hon . gent . so unwisely rejected , must perhaps be resorted to in less than six months . There might have existed in some parishes a greater difficulty than in others of finding men ; but he never could believe that there was a total impossibility of finding them . As to that act , which was so much condemned , he believed in his conscience that the right hon . gent . had never read it through , and that he had read one clause which he misunderstood . He said that the object of the bill went to raise 9,000 men a year , and after that number it would raise no more . Now the provision in the bill was to keep up a force of 58,000 men ; and the 9,000 men in question were to be raised to supply the vacancies occasioned by those men who entered into the line . The parish officers understood the bill no more than the right hon . gent . They had never read it , but here was a bill brought in to repeal that , and according to the new species of modern 135 philosophy that treated of the perfectability of human reason , probably this measure would be suffered to act by the force of its own merits . He had heard of persons attempting to make a plough on such an admirable construction that it would work of itself in any field . In the same manner , perhaps , he was to be told that this act would execute itself . Happily for the country , however , it was not yet turned loose upon it . It appeared that the framers of it had some distrust of its effect , for they had introduced a clause to enable parliament to alter or amend it during the session . This was certainly , in his opinion , the best clause in it . He believed the bill abounded with imperfections and blunders ; and with all the great talents which the right hon . gent . possessed , he could not descend to all the minutiæ of that detail or examination , which would enable him to detect them . He hoped this would shew the right hon . gent . that he ought to be a little more merciful in treating the errors of others . He understood that a gent . of most approved knowledge in the framing of bills , was still retained by the present ministers ( Mr. Abbott ) , but still faults would be found in every such performance . The bill sought to be repealed , was prepared under the eye of that great man now