their situation was different , it would not be unreasonable , if there should be some difference in their allowances . In point of fact , too , a difference bad always existed . The officers of the regular army were entitled to half-pay , when militia officers were not . The field-officers of the militia , however , made no complaint . It was not so much a difference between regulars and militia , as between one part of the array and another . As to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) he must say , that , with whatever gravity of manners , or authority of tone , he chose to lecture hint upon what was his duty as a minister and a member of parliament , the whole weight and importance of his lectures depended upon the strength of the arguments he adduced ; and if his arguments were altogether feeble , it was in vain for him to take the tone or manner of authority . The mode which the right hon . gent . had adopted , might serve as an useful example , not to follow , but to avoid . The thing , however , which seemed most to have offended the right hon . hon . gent. , was , that he seemed to think , that he ( Mr. W. ) had not received his arguments with all that attention , deference , and respect , which he , no doubt , thought was due to them . It was impossible for ministers , or any other men , to direct their whole attention , in the course of a long debate , to every word that came from those gentlemen oh the opposite benches . Sometimes the very business of the debate itself would oblige them to converse a little with those who sat near them . He believed that it was really some observation arising out of the debate , which might have caused , for a moment , that apparent inattention , of which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) so loudly complained . in explanation , Said he was ready to apologise to the house , if he had , 1141 made use of any unparliamentary expression . He certainly had felt a considerable indignation , at a business of such importance being brought forward so late in the session . This indignation he meant to express with the freedom which became a member of parliament , and he hoped he had not transgressed the proper bounds . He had also conceived , that he saw a marked inattention from the right hon . secretary , with which he confessed that he felt himself very much hurt . Since the right hon . secretary had , however , disclaimed what he conceived to have been a marked inattention , he was ready to apologise to the house , if he had been guilty of any irregularity . thought the arguments of his right hon . friend had been mis-stated . The great objection to the bill which was now presented to the house was , that it was upon a subject of so much importance , that it was not fair to bring it forward at so late a period of the session , when there could be but a very thin attendance of members . It appeared to him , that it . would be very wrong , in point of policy , that such a measure should be brought forward , at a time when the militia were in arms , and embodied . It was , then , no time to disgust men , when we looked to them for services . He might be told , as he was the other night about the volunteer drill serjeants , that they might resign . He doubted , however , even whether those who asserted that proposition could venture to say , that the militia might resign . If , then , it was allowed , that they could not resign , and that the terms under