in general , inferior to them in point of fortune . He knew that it was unparliamentary , to impute any improper motives to members of that house ; but he must say , that if , in any other assembly , men had acted the same part as had been pursued by those of opposition ; if , on every question that could be brought forward , so much was said in praise of the volunteers , and so much had been said of certain expressions of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , he should think , that their object was merely to catch at popularity , to win to their side that numerous and respectable body of men , and to make his right hon . friend as unpopular and as odious as they could to that body . This would have been his opinion , if a similar conduct had been adopted by any set of gentlemen out of that house ; but , in that house , he knew that it was most unparliamentary to suppose , that any member could be actuated by such motives , and , therefore , he did not impute such to them . As to the distinctions of pay , such distinctions .already existed in the regular array , and were not complained of . said , it had always been understood to be the rule , that the militia should have the same advantages as the soldiers of the line . said , he rose for the purpose of withdrawing , for the present , his motion for the speaker leaving the chair ; and moved , `` That it be an instruction to the said committee , that they have powers to extend the provisions of the said bill to the volunteers and yeomanry corps . `` —After the gallery had been ordered to be cleared , this was agreed to . The bill then went into a committee . In the first clause , sir W. Elford proposed to leave out the words `` officers , or ; '' upon which a division took place : Ayes , 17 ; Noes , 38 . The bill then went through the committee , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . On the order of the day being read , for the house resolving itself into a committee on the Slave Ship Restriction Bill , went over several of the arguments before urged against the bill , which , he contended , would be highly unjust in its operation ; and that , by enacting that the ships now employed in the slave trade should be traded by the same owners , great loss of property would frequently ensue to the remaining owners of a vessel , where a part owner died , or became bankrupt , as , in that case , from the change of the property , the ship could not be continued in the trade . contended that , it having been determined by both houses , that the slave trade ought to be abolished as soon as possible , it was a necessary consequence of that measure to bring in the present bill , in order to prevent that superabundant supply of slaves which would , otherwise , be attempted , in the interval , to be poured into the West-India islands ; whilst it was , at the same time , an act of justice to the subjects of the country , to prevent them from engaging in a trade to their certain loss . He did not conceive , that any injustice to individuals would result from the present bill ; although , in all great measures of policy , it was impossible to prevent some individual hardships arising from their operation . argued that , in the present case , individuals might be exempted from loss of property , without endangering the principle of the bill . He was of opinion that , from the words of the bill , if any part owner of a ship employed in the slave trade died ,