case they discovered abuses ? It was rather to be wished , that they should have nothing to discover in this way . stated , that commissioners had applied to the , late government , and that it had been deemed expedient to make them some allowance on account . In commissions of long continuance , this would be , in general , absolutely necessary . supported the resolution , from the knowledge that he himself had of some of the commissioners , and his observations of the diligence with which they did their duty . He suggested to the 1019 noble lord , whether some allowance should not be made to a meritorious set of commissioners , he meant those for investigating the claims on the New Forest ? said , that this had not , as yet , particularly engaged the attention of government ; but , that the suggestion would be attended to . Jones considered this was rather an unprecedented mode of granting compensation . He thought that it ought pot to be established as a precedent , that allowances should be given on account ; otherwise , account would go on on account ; and this was the mode in which the 450 millions of unaudited accounts had been raised . stated , that no compensation had been made , by the late government , to the commissioners of naval enquiry ; and , be thought , no allowance ought to be made to the present commissioners , till their labours drew to a period . observed , that it might be a commission that could not go on without some allowance in the mean time ; and it , in every case , we were to wait till the close of their labours , we could not know what bad effects this might have on such labours . observed that , after the two first years of the labours of that deserving set of commissioners , Which had been appointed , some time ago , to investigate the public accounts , compensation had been annually allowed them , for the services of the preceding year . This was a precedent for money on account , though the other mode was the more common . The resolution was then agreed to—Mr . Windham proposed , that 1,500l . should be granted to the Veterinary College . Ordered.—Sir John Sinclair stated , that the commissioners of the Northern light-houses had a fund of 30,000l . which they could not immediately use , but which they would pledge to the public , as security for the sum necessary to erect a light-house on the Bell Rock . He , therefore , moved , that 25,000l . be granted to these commissioners , for the above purpose , and on the above security . Ordered . Report the next day.—The house then went into a committee on the Bell Rock report ; where the sum of 25,000l . was voted . Report the next day . moved the order of the day , for the 2d reading of the Volunteer Officers ' Rank bill . On the question being put , that the bill he now read a 2d time , wished . to be informed , whether the operation of the bill was to extend to the present officers of Volunteer Corps , or to be confined to those who might , hereafter , be appointed ? replied , that the provisions of the bill were to apply to all officers of Volunteers . The bill was to enact a regulation which , he was sure , no gentleman could entertain a doubt of the propriety of adopting , namely , that no yeomanry , or volunteer officer should command a field officer of the line . It had been , at first , his intention , to provide , by a legislative measure , that no volunteer officer should command a captain of volunteers , provided that captain was in the command of a corps ; but , in consideration of seine suggestions made on the subject , he was disposed to recede from that intention