be transferred to the great and wise men at home who constitute his majesty 's present ministry . Now I beg the house to consider of this responsibility . At present the governors of the colonies are left to act according to their discretion upon a view of local circumstances , of which they have perfect knowledge . They are bound to prove that they have acted under such circumstances with a sound discretion ; and , upon this proof they are indemnified : a rational responsibility , inasmuch as it attaches to those who have the means of knowing precisely what they do . The alteration proposed upon this system is , to take the 723 whole power and discretion out of the hand of those who alone can have any knowledge how it ought to be exercised , and whose conduct parliament is necessarily to review ( for their conduct is of course brought under the view of parliament the very next session ) and to put it into the hands of those who can have no knowledge whatever of any of the local circumstances by which discretion may be guided ; who are subject indeed to a responsibility , but a responsibility of a very different nature , one which never can be enforced except in such momentous cases as may compel parliament to call great ministers of state to an account for high misconduct , a very cumbrous process , and one which is never resorted to except in extreme cases . I would ask , therefore , is it advisable to take away the responsibility of those whose conduct must come under the revision of parliament every session , and to fix it upon those whose conduct you can never examine without grave suspicion of criminality ? In fact , upon a subject like this it would never be examined at all.—But as we are speaking of the discretion to be intrusted to ministers , let us see how that discretion has been already used on this very subject . We find on the 2nd of April , while this bill was only in contemplation , but before it had been mentioned to parliament , his majesty 's secretary of state for the colonies thinks fit to write to the governors of the West India islands , not to exhort them to take care how they exercise their power , not to say that they will be held to their responsibility if they should in any instance relax the navigation laws unnecessarily ; but he sends out to the governors of the West Indies one general sweeping direction to suspend the navigation laws during the present war , during the whole war , without any qualification whatever ! a most unusual , and , I will say , a most unjustifiable exercise of authority ; and with a confident anticipation of the decisions of this house , he adds , that the ministers will take care that the usual indemnity shall be provided ! ( hear , hear . ) This is before the act of parliament has passed . The ministers assure the governors of the West Indies they will take care that parliament shall pass an act according to what they consider `` the usage of parliament . '' Now I do say , that no person whatever is entitled to write in this manner prospectively of what parliament will do : `` an act of parliament shall pass according to the usage of parliament . '' I should be glad to know by 724 what usage of parliament any one of the king 's servants at home can tell the king 's servants abroad that parliament shall pass an indemnity for an act which when ordered to be done was against law . I must say , that it is a most extraordinary and indecent exercise of ministerial power . But have we any better security for the safety of our colonies by shifting the responsibility from the governors of the islands to the ministers at home ? Is it not obvious that the evil of the discretionary power must be increased