per annum , will produce in the situations of the persons I have described ? that those who have moderate families will pay twice as much ; that many will pay 3 times , and some 4 or 5 times as much as they did under the former bill . In a word , sir , that this bill will operate with the greater rigour in proportion to their respective claims to indulgence . Sir , on the first discussion of this subject , some nice reasoning was employed to discriminate between feeling and justice ; but in my opinion the withdrawing the abatements in question , whether it be examined on one of those principles or on the other , must be equally condemned . To me , sir , it seems that men 's feelings will revolt at it , because of its injustice . I submit it to the house , as an incontrovertible position , that the man who has a wife and a large family of children , and an income of 100 , or train 100 to 4 or 500l . per annum , is less able to pay this tax than a bachelor who has half that income : if this 266 a correct position , is it just that he could be called upon to pay twice as inch ? that , obliged to share that income with 10 or 12 persons , he should be placed on the same footing with him who has only himself to maintain ? If the justice of such an operation of the bill can be contended for , then the principle which I set out with , namely , that this heavy additional burthen should be laid on every one in proportion to his ability to bear it , falls to the ground . Now , sir , the argument of the noble lord or refusing to admit any abatements on account of children , was to my mind by no means satisfactory : it amounted I think to this , that if , instead of a property tax , the same sum was to be raised by taxing consumption , or by the ordinary mode of taxation , it would fall as heavy on the persons in question—that no abatement would be operated for children . I wonder it should have escaped the noble lord 's observation , that this argument would equally apply against the abatements which he has allowed to persons whose incomes are under 150l. , and the entire exemption where the income is under 50l . per annum . It seems to me , too , that this argument overlooks two serious facts : 1st , that there must be limits to that principle or mode of taxation , beyond which we can not go , nor wisely attempt to go ; and 2dly , that we had arrived at those limits ; or were rapidly approaching them , before a tax on income was resorted to ; but this argument appears to me to proceed on a mistake in another view of it , and not to be borne out by fact . For , supposing no Income bill , the taxes you might impose instead of it , except in so far as they were laid on the actual necessaries of life , would not of necessity attach to the persons in question . A parent , by submitting , as thousands would , to privations for the sake of his children , might entirely avoid them . For example , the man of 150 or 200l . per annum , and 8 or 10 children , what taxes could you impose that would draw from him 15 or 201. ? If you tax wine , he can resort to beer ; if malt , to water ; if further taxes on horses , or on men-servants , he can part with his horse and his man servant ; so for every other article he can create an abatement for his children , by contracting or resigning his other enjoyments . But , it you take 15 or