it was advantageous to receive it ; and that so far from being useless , it was equally fit for the purposes to which it was applied , as the best of timber . It lessened the consumption of prime timber , and tended to keep down the price . It is impossible that this country can afford a supply of timber for our navy , free of apparent or slight defects ; the result has proved the impossibility . And to shew that we do not require prime timber for all the work in the dock-yards , and that it is even policy to receive a quantity of inferior , I beg leave to read part of a letter from the officers of Deptford yard , dated June 8 , 1805 . `` We think it our duty to state , that the timber converted in the 3d month of 1803 , was taken from piles of timber known to be inferior , which had arisen , some from conversion , and some from Plymouth , and which was equally applicable for the purpose for which it was used , the fitting of the bomb vessels , as the best of timber , and therefore selected for that very purpose , to save the consumption of better timber . '' [ Vide papers ordered to be printed , June 25 , 1805 , p . 8 . ] — Without dwelling longer on the causes of that deficiency of timber , which was so peculiar to earl St. Vincent 's administration , I shall proceed to that part of the correspondence between the admiralty and navy board in March and April 1804 , when the supplies almost wholly failed.— On the 24th March 1804 , the navy board addressed a letter to the admiralty , in which they fully stated the alarming situation to which the service was reduced , in respect to timber ; that no supplies could be obtained for the ensuing year from the timber-merchants , the source from which the navy board had hitherto been supplied ; and therefore they proposed , as the only means which occurred to them of obtaining supplies , to send agents into different parts of the kingdom to purchase timber on account of government.—This letter was immediately answered , and with- 183 out further communication with the board , the proposal was rejected ; and in the place of it , the admiralty , directed a measure , in my opinion , improper , and mischievous to the public service , and to the interests of the country , and inadequate to the object in view ; they directed the junior surveyor of the navy , to proceed into the country to purchase timber.—Before I offer any observations on this measure , I shall beg to say a word as to another point in the letter from the admiralty ; they desire to be informed when the navy board first failed in their efforts to obtain the necessary supplies to keep up their 3 years stock of timber , in conformity to their lordships ' orders ; and if they made any , and what representation thereof to the admiralty , that such steps might have been taken to procure it as should have been judged proper.—Now , sir , the only construction to be put upon this is , that the admiralty were inclined to shake off as much responsibility as possible from their own shoulders to those of the navy board ; they were pleading ignorance ; the navy board had kept them in the dark . Had they made known when they first failed to obtain supplies , the admiralty would have earlier exercised their judgment as to the measures to be adopted . How far the admiralty can plead ignorance on this head , the house will determine , by reference to the navy board 's letter in reply , dated 21st April 1804 . [ Vide papers ordered to be printed July 3 , 1805 , p . 59 . ] —It is pretty evident that the admiralty were fully acquainted from time to