the navy , he bad such a high opinion both of the skill of its officers , and of the great reputation it had gained ( a reputation which would do more than any thing else to preserve its superiority ) , that he felt confident that France and Spain could never equal it . He therefore differed much from some of his honourable friends on the subject of invasion . He by no means dreaded invasion . He thought we had , in the first place , a powerful security in the superiority of our navy ; and , in the second place , in the spirit of the British nation , which , he was convinced , was abundantly sufficient to triumph , ultimately , over any army that could invade this country . When he was asked , then , why do you want a greater army ? have we not soldiers enough to defend the country ? he should answer , `` we have enough , and more than enough . '' So far from thinking the number too few to defend the country , he would state most distinctly , that if he saw any prospect of recovering for Europe what had been lost in the late unfortunate campaign , he should have no objection to risk a part of the army we possess in the attempt . He thought , that we should think of acting offensively in the war , as far as our powers extended . Although the disposable force of this country bore but a small proportion to the French armies ; yet , it did not follow , that we should not be able , at some future period , to give a powerful and effectual assistance to some of those nation 476 which France , in her ambition for extending her power , may hereafter choose to attack . He was always an eager and ardent friend of peace , and he was still a friend of peace . He indeed wished for such a peace as could be made on tolerable terms ; but then the character of the peace he wished for was , that it should preserve our connections with the continent of Europe , and not give up any thing which the point of honour forbade us to give up . If such a peace were made , he hoped the nation would not uselessly retain the passions of war in a time of peace . As to what regarded the point of honour , he considered it still , as he had often stated it , as a matter of the highest importance among nations , and one of the few legitimate grounds of war . In the consideration of the force that the country required at the present time , it would not be sufficient to talk of what it was in the time of king William and queen Anne , and say , that it is now double or treble what it was at that time . The question was , what was sufficient for the circumstances in which the country was now placed , and for the objects it had in view ? If its objects were , us he conceived they ought to be , to be able to render , at some future day , important services to the continental nations , it was evident that our army ought to be increased ; and he knew no better means of doing it , than by adopting the system which was proposed by his right hon . friend . The military measures which had been proposed in the course of the war , were merely temporary measures . When a great alarm of invasion had been spread , it was natural to call upon all hands to repel it . The object , at the present day , was not so much to repel invasion , as to recover for the country that military rank and influence which it had , till very recently , preserved in Europe . He was more sanguine in the immediate advantages of this measure