usual in expressing opinions extremely natural to his feelings , upon such circumstances as those charged , lest the private character of the party accused should be supposed to be implicated in his public conduct , it would be impossible for any man to devise a becoming language for bringing before that house criminal charges against public delinquency in any man . expressed some surprise , how the noble lord who spoke last , if he had read the charges upon the table , could so far mistake that particular charge , which related to murder , as to say the crime was not roundly and specifically charged against the noble marquis , in conjunction with others . The hon . bart . here read an extract from the charge ; which stated , that the said marquis , in conjunction with Henry Wellesley , had , with numbers of armed men , surrounded the mansions of certain zemindars and rajahs , the subjects of the nabob of Oude , and within his dominions ; and did attack , slay , and destroy , several of the said rajah 's zemindars , and their attendants and adherents ; and did sack and plunder their said mansions of their property ; thus completing the measure of his oppression and tyranny , by a foul , deliberate , wanton , and cruel murder . If this , then , was not a charge of 512 murder , couched in as strong words as had ever appeared in the language of an indictment , he was at a loss to conceive what words could describe it more strongly . rose , to express some surprise at the declaration made by the noble lord who spoke last but one ; namely , that he thought the charges against the noble marquis , his relation , borne out by the documents already laid upon the table ; and more especially as the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had said , only the moment before , that he could not sustain those charges , without several other documents , which he had moved for ; and also , the examination of several witnesses at the bar . It was very extraordinary , therefore , that the noble lord should pronounce so decidedly upon the truth of charges ( which , however , remained to be proved ) , that his hon . friend , who brought them forward , declared he was not able to sustain without much more evidence . With respect to the charge of murder , however , it was one of too foul and atrocious a nature to be suffered to go forth unexplained , or remain as a stain upon the character of his noble relation , without placing the circumstances , upon which it was founded , in a proper point of view . There were certain officers , called zemindars and rajahs , resident in that part of the nabob 's territory which was ceded to the company in 1801 , and rendered liable to pay certain tributes , in the way of land-tax upon that territory , annually , to the company . The first year 's tribute they did pay , he believed , regularly ; and the regulations of the company , which were the laws of the country , were promulgated and established in that territory ; but , upon the 2d payment being required , instead of complying with the law , they combined to resist it : they assembled together their armed forces , under the chief command of an officer named Amas Ali Khan ; they retired to their forts ; they set the laws at defiance ; they refused to pay any tribute ; and it was found necessary by the governor-general , in support of the laws , to reduce those men by force . So formidable were they , that it required the whole of the Bengal army , with the commander-in-chief at their head , to effect this service . They were attacked in their forts , and , in the course of their obstinate