which he was able only to exhibit the hope of a saving of 710,000l . per ann . and this without any allowance for the unliquidated arrears of the war , the encreasing interest on the bond debt , or the funds constantly required for investment on the present footing ; both however had denied the insolvency of the Company , or that India was now more likely to become a burthen , than a relief to the mother country . The noble lord 's illustration of the grounds of this confidence , was in unison with the declarations , so often officially made by him and his predecessors in the board of controul . It was only a stronger dose of that sweet nepenthe , annually distributed in their budget speeches . `` Hope travels on , nor quits us till we die . '' The fate , however , of a certain other great monopoly , framed upon extravagant speculation , ought to be a warning to this country , as well as to the India Company . In a large building , between Leadenhall-street and the Royal Exchange , was there not at this day an evidence of the country 's being compelled to pay a composition upon the capital , as well as the debts of a privileged corporation ? The Mississipi bubble had ruined French credit , and so would the South Sea project have ruined that of England , had not government stepped forward with the public purse , to pay a part of the corporate deficiency . But , the Company , as was asserted by the noble lord and the ex-chairman , and after them by the Director , who had just sat down , possessed ample resources to prevent ultimate loss to the state . They had their claim of ten millions for buildings and fortifications ; this , the alderman said , he had completely disposed of . The noble lord had indeed stated , that they were , it was true , 1,598,000l . deficient 1219 of their capital , assuming all the items it the stock by computation to be valid ; admitting this fallacious statement , Were they not still without the capital for trade or the means of raising one ? If , however the committee adopted his ( the alderman 's ) deductions , this deficit would be found nearer 14,600,000l . But the relief which the noble lord himself had suggested , sufficiently proved what his own real opinion was of the Company 's situation— '' We are in no danger of becoming burthensome to the state , or of calling for any fresh trading capital ; '' only , says the noble lord , `` allow us to raise four or five millions by the sale of fresh created stock , and lend us seventeen millions more , to be raised on parliamentary security , for our corporate use and benefit ! '' Sweet , indeed , and large must be the dose of nepenthe ; copious the opiate draught that would any longer lull the house and the country into such dangerous security . Better far would it be , the alderman observed , to go first into the committee , which the noble lord now recommended ; for himself , he was persuaded , that the extent of the disease was not yet discovered , and therefore no adequate remedy could be applied till a fresh report was made to the house , upon a full investigation of all the branches of the India system—a firm conviction in his mind of the magnitude of those embarrassments , and of the extreme difficulty of finding a remedy ; and not any of the personal or party motives , which had been again ascribed to himself ; not any resentment for disappointed ambition , nor envy at the Company 's power and influence , but a just sense of his duty , as a representative of the commons of England , and as one of the magistrates of the first commercial city in the universe , the greatest that modern or ancient times