high opinion of them . The hon . gent . then expressed a degree of sorrow , that certain words had been dropped by the right hon . gent . ; and he really thought that , by his words , and not his acts , he had injured the spirit of the volunteers ; with respect to the latter , he had generally supported him in them ; but the former , he said , had been spread all over the country ; and it , therefore , became parliament to declare , that the . services of the volunteers were acceptable , and a continuance of them was hoped for . He then entered into a detail of the advantages which would be derived from the new system of training ; which he thought preferable to the volunteers , but which would be subsidiary to them . He would ask his hon . friends below him , . with what view they brought forward this resolution ? Was it with a view of embarrassing those who had the conduct of the nation entrusted to them ? He also called on the right hon . gent . opposite him , to join him in excluding , from the resolution , whatever would cast a reflection on the majority of the house , by calumniating the measures which had been adopted by them and then pass the vote of thanks to the volunteers . The hon . gent . concluded by hoping , that the motion for the previous question would be withdrawn ; and that his hon . friends would allow some words to be struck out of the resolution which , to him , appeared .exceptionable . said , he could not conceive a milder , or more proper motion than this , which had , for its object , to thank those who had merited well of their country , and he gave it his hearty concurrence . thought , that the only way in which any return could be made to -the volunteers was , by such a mark of parliamentary approbation . If any particular expressions were exceptionable he should wish , that the hon . mover would accede to some alteration , but none which would diminish the force of any language indicative of the favourable sentiments that house entertained of the conduct of the volunteers . contemplated the volunteers with respect : 25,000 were ready to defend the metropolis of the empire ; and , he thought , with no troops , whether of the militia or the regulars , would the capital be in a better state of security , than 1110 when defended by her own citizens . Three thousand volunteers were attached to the district he commanded ; on a sudden , without previous notice , he ordered them from Bristol to Bath , and from Bath to Bristol ; every obstruction was given them purposely ; near Bath , they were four hours on the ground ; and when they had performed this journey , of 32 miles , in one day , not a man was missing on their return . A more narrow inspection would shew , the volunteers deserved the character they had acquired . The hon . general entered into a florid description of the state of the army , militia , and volunteers ; expressing , at the same time , his intention to support the motion ; and his concern , that such a period was chosen for change and innovation . He concluded with reciting the dying exclamation of the late minister , `` O , my country ! '' which he attributed to his concern , that the government should fall into the hands into which it had devolved . and said : Sir ; although I could not have remained wholly silent during this debate ; yet I wished to have heard the sentiments of others , before I delivered my opinion ; but what has fallen from two hon . gentlemen , who have recently spoken , has induced me to abandon my original design , and to avail