in favour , in the account before him , of £.6,181,267 Left a balance against the Company , of £.5,047,106 There was , indeed , as the last speaker had stated , a memorandum at the foot of the stock account , by which a sum of no less than 9,994,208l . was stated as the cost of 1170 Buildings and Fortifications , of Plate , Furniture , Vessels , and Plantations , since the year 1702 ; which sum the hon . ex-chairman had considered as an available asset , against the alledged deficiency.—He was very much surprised , indeed , to find this item adduced in the manner it had been : were it even valid , this sum , though nearly ten millions , would not square the account , when the Company 's capital , and the deficiency lie had just proved , should be set against it . But , really ; a single glance at the title of this account , would remove every idea of considering it as a claim upon government , when the lease should expire.—One column , amounting to nearly two millions , consisted of Household Furniture , Farming Stock , Pleasure Boats , Plate , and Table Linen , of which articles , the wear of an hundred years had not much increased the value : of what nature were the Buildings ? Some of them forts upon the great rivers , dismantled by time , or swept away by the changes of currents . Others , either absolutely levelled with the ground , and rebuilt , or , if standing , repaired at an enormous expence.—Others of the buildings had given place to the new ( and , if they pleased , splendid ) palace lately erected for the accommodation of the governor-general , which , however it had been reprobated , the hon . member thought highly necessary and becoming . Would such items as these be admitted in a final adjustment between the Company and the state , that state which had expended so many millions , in effecting the acquisition , and protecting , by its marine , these commercial dominions ? Was it nothing that the country was now actually deprived of the services of 25 of its own regiments ; that two squadrons were maintained in the Indian seas ; that Ceylon once , and the Cape of Good Hope had been twice conquered and retained , at an enormous expence ; that a sum of 3 millions and a half had been paid to the Company on this account since 1804 , and a further sum of 2 millions was now under liquidation ? —If there must exist an imperium in imperio , while it did exist , the subordinate empire ought , at least , to bear its own expences , of which these ought to form a part . The hon . alderman , therefore , totally rejected this item of ten millions.—Would an exposition , he asked , such as this now appeared , if made by an individual , induce any hanker to enable him to continue the concern ? The hon . member , for his part , declared , that he 1171 could not see how it was possible to continue this system , cumbrous and unprofitable as it was : time would , perhaps , shew what was to be done ; or , be might learn , from the noble lord who had lately presided at the India board , how the Company were to go on , without having recourse , as on a former occasion to the aid of parliament , its partner in this concern . For himself , he could see no other justifiable mode of affording that relief , than a Previous examination into their affairs , and a resolution to separate the revenue from the trade . As to the hope expressed by the hoe . ex-chairman , that their affairs would recover , during a long period of peace in India , it was with regret , he stated , that the best-informed men on the spot