663 objection , as to the commissary acting with the commission , by stating that this commissary was not a public accountant , but a comptroller of accounts . He considered this bill as in every point of view of the most essential importance . said , the noble lord could not be more desirous to have the abuses in the West Indies inquired into and redressed , than he was . The circumstance of Mr. Bearcroft , the gentleman alluded to , having returned home , and been useful to the auditors , he thought afforded no competent reason for making the public incur the enormous expence of aditional appointments , even before the exertions of the former commissioners had been fully tried . He was inclined to ascribe much of the motive for introducing such a bill ( which appeared to him entirely unnecessary ) to a violent desire for patronage in his majesty 's present ministers . There was no instance in the annals of parliament of the commissioners of the treasury having the power to appoint a secretary with powers so extensive under a warrant of the Great Seal . He objected to this precedent of granting to these commissioners of the treasury a greater power than had ever been conferred by any former act of parliament . He considered that considerable danger might arise from collusion between the parties by the appointment of intermediate commissioners . In short , the bill contained nothing which the former one did not already embrace sufficiently for the purposs intended , except the clauses which related to the punishing of perjury . He had formerly made an objection to the preamble of this bill , and he still should do so , as it amounted to a kind of a slur upon the former ministry and commissioners , who , in his opinion , deserved well of their country for the exertions they had used , and the numerous services which they had rendered . The additional appointments would amount to nothing but sinecures . He had conversed with people who had been in the West Indies in various capacities , and he was now perfectly convinced that no auditors but those who acted on the very spot could be of any use in a business of such a nature ; and he should therefore think it his duty to take the sense of the house on it . said , that he had himself experienced the difficulty of finding proper candidates to . go to the West Indies . If Mr. Bearcroft had been found so usefu here , it would be strange , if commissioners 664 residing here with greater powers than he had , should be found useless . It was very erroneous , therefore , to suppose that those offices would be sinecures . Many persons would , no doubt , fly to this country to escape the rigour of the inquiry in the West Indies , and it was proper to be prepared for this . Besides , the commissioners would go in rotation to the West Indies . He therefore did not see any occasion for the right hon . gent 's . amendment . said , he thought it would be infinitely more difficult to procure persons to go to the West Indies by rotation than to send out persons immediately after the first engagement for such a purpose . After having enjoyed a salary and sinecures for no less that two years here , it would no doubt be difficult to persuade men to leave their friends and relations in order to go to a dangerous climate , where they might succeed to a much more laborious and disagreeable occupation . He conceived it would be a more difficult task to engage gentleman to go abroad after the expiration of two years , than to persuade a man to go abroad immediately . Nothing was a greater proof of the patronage than the confession of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) , who acknowledged that he offered situations in a department with which he had no official connection.—The