him , that a report from the commissioners might be expected to-morrow or the day after ; bat though that might assist him , it was not likely to embrace all his objects . There was an unfounded report abroad , that out of the 658 members of that house , there was not one who was careful , or capable , to attend to the public accounts ; but it was his intention to shew the contrary ; and that it could be done by the bare knowledge of the lour rules of arithmetic . It was not his wish or intention to state ; at this time 1182 aggravating things , but be would mention a report , that the persons concerned in this department had interest enough to have barracks made in the most unhealthy situations ; and that , in consequence of it , so great a mortality had prevailed amongst the king 's troops and prisoners , that the inhabitants of the parishes would not suffer them to be buried in the church-yards . As to the present commission , he observed , that when it was appointed on the 5th of January , instead of going back in search of old abuses , they should have immediately stopped those that were then existing . The consequence would have been , that a great expenditure would have been saved , and we should not now be paying 474l . a year for buildings not worth 170l . If the house chose to employ him in this enquiry , he would set about it to-morrow morning , and soon make them a report which would produce an important saving of the public money . The hon . gent . then moved , '' That there be laid before this house , a return of the canteens or houses for vending beer and liquors , which have been set up at the several buildings , rented or hired by government , and used as barracks , or places for lodging or containing officers and soldiers of the army , or of persons attached to the army . That the said return do include every such canteen , in the whole of Great Britain , existing between the 1st of Jan. 1793 , and the 24th of June , 1506 . That the said return be exhibited in distinct columns , placed in the order , and containing the several heads here following , viz . : 1st , The parish , place , or station , in alphabetical order ; 2d , The date of the year , month , and day of letting each canteen respectively ; 3d , The name and rank of the person or persons who let the canteen ; 4th , The name of the person or persons who rent , or rented the canteen ; 5th , The weekly or annual rent of the canteen ; 6th , The name and rank of the person or persons through whose hands the rent has been received , on the part of government ; 7th , The name , or phrase , descriptive of the building so let as a canteen ; 8th , The number of non-commissioned officers and men , generally quartered , or lodged in the several buildings used as barracks , to which such canteen is , or has been attached . '' seconded the motion ; and was proceeding to remark upon some misrepresentation of what he said before ; when reminded the house , that such a course was disorderly . said , that it was certainly irregular , in seconding a motion , to go into the subject of a preceding one . thought himself entitled to explain a circumstance on which he had been misrepresented . repeated , that he was proceeding in a disorderly manner ; and if he wished to correct a misrepresentation , the fit mode would be to take another occasion of doing so . supposing himself to be alluded to , wished , that if the orders of the house admitted it , the hon . gent . might be