had stated , and for the truth of this he appealed to the recollection of the house . As to the apointment of the commissioners , the right hon . gent . had Stated that an additional nine had been permanently appointed , whereas the appointment was only temporary , and particularly applicable to the circumstances of the case , as the accounts were , from neglect , in such a situation , that nothing but such a measure as this could bring them into the condition in which they ought to be . He concluded by moving that the house should the next day go into the committee . asked When the noble lord in- 610 tended to bring forward his general plan for auditing the public accounts , as he would then prove to the house that there was no foundation for the charges of negligence that had been brought against the late administration ? said , he booed in a very few days he should be able to bring forward the bill to which the right hon . gent . alluded . gave notice , that he would tomorrow move for certain accounts , which would he necessary to throw a light on this subject . moved that the order of the house of the 22d of April last , relative to Indian papers , should be obeyed forthwith . This was a greed to . He then moved that the correspondence of the governor-general and his secretary , with major Ouseley , aid-de-camp to the nabob vizier , during the year 1802 , should be laid before the house . had no objection , on the part of the marquis Wellesley , but , as it involved the character of Mr. Treeves , a gentleman who was absent , he submitted whether it would not be better to give a notice at present , and leave the board of controul to consider whether the correspondence ought to be produced . said that he did not move for these papers with any view to the character of the gentleman alluded to ; but they were very important with respect to the Oude charge , as they Would prove that major Ouseley had been threatened with disgraceful expulsion , except he made some communication which had been required of him . trusted that the house would observe , that there was no objection to the production of this correspondence , on the part of the friends of marquis Wellesley . They only meant to enter their protest against any attack on the character of an individual who had no opportunity of defending himself . thought the hon . gent . should have given notice of such a motion as the present . said , that after the charge had been so long on the table , he did lot think he was or ought to be confined strictly to the rules respecting notices . It was very different from the first opening of a business of this kind . The papers were highly essential to the elucidation of the charge , and he thought he had a right to move for 611 them immediately : he had , however , no objection that what had passed should stand as a notice for to-morrow . moved the third reading of the Chelsea Hospital bill . observed , that his objections to this measure had received strength from a more mature consideration of them . He still maintained that parliament ought not to bind itself to pay any money without an estimate , and he also thought that the plan was derogatory to the crown , as the object might have been attained by its power without this application to parliament . He then objected to the plan of limited service , which , in his opinion , would put it out of the power of parliament to disband any part of the army without continuing their pay , and might spread a number of veterans over the country , which , like those of Sylla , Marius , and Octavius Cæsar , might be dangerous to the liberties of