unwilling to part with the bill , without a message from the house to recall it ; a message , therefore , he was under the necessity of moving for . There were precedents of similar mistakes , and similar messages ; but he could not call upon the house , without taking some blame to himself for an inadvertency which , he supposed , must have happened to him acting as chairman of the committee of ways and means , He moved , that a message be sent to the lords , desiring that their lordships would send back the said bill . was not surprised that such mistakes should occur , when the duty of the chairman of the committee of ways and means was performed by so many persons . He wished to know , who was the real chairman ? said , it was well known that the chairman ( Mr. Alexander ) was much absent , in making preparations for 1095 his departure for a foreign settlement . From friendship to that gentleman , he had generally performed his duty ; and whenever he was not present , it was done by some other gentleman , for the convenience of the house . He was content to take the blame of the inadvertency upon himself , as having acted most frequently.—It was then ordered , that a message be sent to the lords , to desire them to return the bill . moved the order of the day for the 3d reading of the Nabobs of Arcot 's bill . rose to move , by way of amendment , that the words `` appointing the commissioners to report to the house the grounds of their decision on every claim that was brought before them , '' be erased . He contended , that this clause made the house a court of appeal , and would prevent the decisions of the commissioners from being final . Besides , they might , sometimes , find themselves obliged to decide in opposition to the evidence that was laid before them ; and when this evidence was submitted to the house , it would not furnish them with the grounds of the commissioners ' decision . He conceived the commissioners to be the ultimate resort in this case , since they were a sort of arbitrators between the East-India Co. and the creditors of the nabob . stated the origin of the clause now objected to ; which had been proposed as an addition to another which he had introduced , for the purpose of obliging commissioners to report their decisions to the . house from time to time . However , he saw no material objection to the amendment now proposed ; but he should wish to hear the opinions of his legal friends on the subject . supported the clause as it now stood ; and observed , that it did not bind the house to investigate the grounds on which the commissioners decided in any instance ; but merely went to enable parliament to review their proceedings whenever it might judge proper , considered . the motion to be liable to many objections . The commissioners stood exactly in the light of arbitrators between the creditors and the East-India Co. , under a decree of parliament . That house might disagree with the judgment of the commissioners , whether the motives for their decision should be right or wrong . The claims for such a sum 1096 as 5 or 6 millions must be very numerous ; and it would be extremely inconvenient for that house to examine the whole of the evidence in all the cases . It might , indeed , be right for them to make such a report as would shew , that they did not sleep upon their duty ; but , by calling for the grounds of their decisions , he was afraid the house would make itself a party to them . said , that a bill which was to dispose of 5,600,000l. , so far from being a private one , was of the greatest public interest .