Sidmouth 's administration , to allow , in certain cases , funded property , under 50l . a year exemption . Artificers and artisans , he thought , were much better able to hear the tax , than many widows and persons in a state of decrepitude and decay , who had seen better days , and who , by the diminution of their little means , would be particularly appressed . remarked , that the noble lord , who brought forward the tax , seemed to he so inveterately addicted to his principle of arithmetical proportion , that he seemed disposed to sacrifice every consideration of benevolence to the plan of squaring the tax , in all cases , to the sum of income , without at all adverting to the infinitely various cases of hardship and difficulty to which poor persons , with small incomes and large families , were exposed . But he would find , upon experience , this rule of proportion would prove a rule of false position . With men whose incomes were far above want , for instance , two or three thousand a year , little or no inconvenience would be felt ; but where the means of a family 's existence came to be abridged , the hardship would press intolerably . recommended that the bill should be rendered more palateable , in order that , it might succeed . His first impression , when it was introduced , and the impression which he was convinced remained upon the public mind , was that no income of any description whatever under 50l . a year was to be subject to its operation . He earnestly recommended that the present clause should be abandoned , as likely to produce great distress , and considerable discontent , more especially when compared with the measure of a similar description which proceeded from a late right hon . gent. , who had cautiously avoided pressing upon those classes of society which would be peculiarly affected by the present bill as it now stood . expressed his concern to hear his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) say , that the operation of the tax was only to be arrested when it would occasion a want of the necessaries of life . He felt more for those who , with the most scanty means , were obliged to do what was called `` keeping up appearances in life . '' He alluded to that decent and respectable order of persons , numerous every where throughout this metropolis and the kingdom at large , who had seen better days , and been early used to the comforts of life , but who , with small incomes , were condemned , under the vicissitudes of the times , to struggle with difficulties , in endeavouring to preserve appearances and maintain their claims to decent respect . That order of persons would be more hurt by the necessity of applying for parochial relief , or charitable aid , than those of a lower 224 sphere , by , if possible , more severe necessities ; and when their dependence rested solely upon a little funded property , those sufferings were likely to be extensively felt . Manufacturers and traders could increase their profits to answer any additional outgoing ; but persons of limited incomes had no means of retrieving , the deficit that would be occasioned by the tax . begged leave to recall the attention of the committee to the line of distraction he had before drawn , and to repeat that it was by no means the wish of those who brought forward this tax , that it should so far trespass upon the necessaries of life , as to oblige any of the parties from whom it should be exacted to apply for parochial , or even for private relief ; and therefore upon this principle , as in the cases of income from labour , the mere annuitant for life in any income from the funds under 50l . was exempted by the bill . But any person who was the fee-simple proprietor