agreed with his hon . friend on the bench below ( Mr. Francis ) in most of his observations , nor was it necessary for him to add a word to what he had before said on this tax . But he rather differed front the 111 honourable gentleman as to the rigorous collection of the taxes . An impartial collection ought undoubtedly , to be made , but the fortiter in modo , as well as in re , would render the taxes ten times more oppressive than at present . He believed however , that the honourable gentleman meant the same thing by the word rigour , which he did by the word impartial . explained that by the word `` rigorous , ' he did not mean a ruinous , but an exact collection . He was do friend to oppression or cruelty , but did wish to trust government with the discretion in matters of forbearance . complained that the tax was on property , not on income . He complained of the effect of it on gentlemen of landed property , who were not to be allowed for sums expended on repairs , and were also to be charged for the annual increase in the value of woods . He expressed a hope that next year an income tax would be substituted . hoped and trusted that the chancellor of the exchequer would , in the committee , be induced to relax of that firm inflexibility which he had shewn respecting the exemptions , and that the provisions of the former bill on that head would be restored.—The house then resolved itself into a committee . proposed , that in going through the clauses , the marginal abstracts should be read , and any clause to which any gentlemen wished to propose an amendment might be read at length . objected to the first clause . He said he never could perceive the reason why farmers were to be taxed in a different Manner from other classes of the community . Whether the tax were upon property or income , he thought their profits should be estimated in the same way as other traders . said , the reason of the difference was , that , from the great number of farmers , and the imperfect manner most of them kept their accounts , it would be difficult , if not impossible , to judge of their profits , but by an average . The average was not taken high , when it reckoned for profits only a starch equal to three fourths of the rent paid . There were few farmers indeed who cleared so little . contended , that in a year when the farmer might have met casualties , or made no profits , it was unfair that he should be rated on an average . replied , that a productive year Would compensate for that loss , and that When the average was low it was a fair mode of computation . wished to know , why the English farmer should pay 1s . 6d . in the pound on his rent , while the Scotch farmer paid but a shilling . answered , that the reason was , that the rent of the Scotch farmer was higher , as he was not burdened with tythes , or poor-rates , and therefore , it would not be fair to take the same proportion of those different rents as the amount to be paid to the tax . observed , that it was very hard that a farmer , who with a capital of three hundred pounds , rented a farm of 2001. per annum , should pay the tax when the same amount of Capital engaged in any trade , would be exempt . observed , that the hon . gent . seemed to think that the tax affected capital , whereas it was a tax upon profits , and if the profits were made upon 300l . capital in farming , itwas but just they should pay it—The clause was then agreed to . asked , whether Irish gentlemen ,