for the provision of those woollens gives employment to more than 40,000 persons : And until lately this was not all , for the Company virtually paid a penalty for rendering this benefit to the state , in the shape of a duty of 4l . per cent . which was afterwards increased to 5l per cent . and amounted annually to upwards of 50,000l . Even before that duty was imposed , it was a losing trade . We know , that in the last 4 years , the loss on the woollens sent to China alone exceeded 100,000l . in each year ; and from the progressive advance in the price of labour , and of the raw material , both native and foreign , this loss is increasing ; for time China trade differs from all others in this essential respect , that the China merchants themselves fix the prices , and the same that were fixed many Nears ago still continue , notwithstanding the advance in the cost of the woollens here . Two points , then , are clear ; 1st , that nothing but a disposition to promote the manufacturing interests of this country in preference to their own , could induce the East India Company to export woollens to such an extent ; for in respect to China they could obtain a more favourable remittance in silver ; and 2d1y , that were the Company to seek other modes of remittance , the consequences would be dreadful to the manufacturing and the labouring poor in the counties of Gloncester , Devon , Somerset , and Cornwall , and in the city of Norwich ; it would also operate the ruin of several extensive establishments in this metropolis , and deprive more than 700 persons of a respectable subsistence which they now derive from the East India Company . Now , sir , I think I have a right to ask the hon . alderman whether his trade , or that to which he is partial , could bear this loss , or afford to the public this 1203 benefit . Perhaps he will the goodness to inform the committee of the quantity of woollens annually exported to India by trader , or the aggregate of the quantity exported by all of them . I have stated only the benefit which the public derive from one article in one branch , of the Company 's commerce ; but , if the worthy alderman would take that view of the commerce of the East India Company , which I have been accustomed to take of it , it would appear to him as a vast edifice , erected on a solid foundation , which for ages withstood the fury of the elements , and given shelter to millions of people , which through every vicissitude has been the firm and constant friend , as well as child , of the state , and made an ample return for the uniform protection it received . In the provision of a single article , as I have just stated , it gives employment to 40,000 persons . The exchequer derives from it annually three millions sterling duties and customs . It employs about . 10,000 British seamen , and thus nourishes for the state a great portion of that force on which its safety essentially depends . It assisted in acquiring , and has assisted in preserving , our dominion in India . At a memorable and Critical era , the enemy 's squadron was totally defeated in the Ganges by the ships of the East Company—an event that materially contributed to lay the foundation of all our subsequent greatness . On various occasions since , they have assisted in fighting the battles of the state , and particularly off Pondichery , in October , 1778 , two of our Indiamen shared in the glory of forcing the French squadron to leave that fortress to its fate . I am sure the committee must anticipate my alluding to a more recent event in the China seas , in which the ships of the East India Company under