Wight ; and , if no answer was given , information to that effect . '' Also , `` a list of the several barns rented by government and used as Barracks in the division of Sandown Bay , in the Isle of Wight , specifying the rent now weekly or annually paid for each barn , and also specifying the precise time when any alteration ( if any ) in the rent of the said barns took place . '' Upon these the previous question was also put and carried . expressed his regret that the business would make its way into the public prints . asked if the hon gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had fixed on the day on which he meant to bring forward the motion against lord Wellesley , relative to Oude ? mentioned Monday week ; but on the suggestion of the Speaker , fixed it for the first day after the holidays ; stating that he should lay the charge on the table , and at the same time move for witnesses to be called in , and also for a few papers in support of it . The hon . gent then moved , that the order of a former day , for the production of the protest taken by Mr. Bosanquet , against an approval by the court of directors of lord Wellesley 's conduct , be discharged . He stated , that this motion had been made by him under the impression that he had liberty to do so if any of the board of controul should happen to be present . He accordingly had done so , but found next day that he had laboured under a misconception , and would therefore , as he had offered , have immediately moved for rescinding the order , had it been of any immediate consequence . He now moved , that the order be discharged ; meaning , on some future occasion , to move that the paper he produced , a , well as a dispatch which had formerly been moved for by a noble lord , and then refused , though unquestionably it must ultimately be produced—After a few words from Mr. Adding- 248 ton and Mr. Creevey , the order was accordingly discharged . rose , to move that the house should resole itself into a committee of supply ; but before he did so , he would take the opportunity of giving a more specific notice than lie had as yet given , respecting an affair which had for some tune back engaged the attention of the house and the public : he meant the First Report of the Military Commission now lying on the table ( see vol . 6 , p . cliii . ) He before stated , that the attention of ministers had been turned to this subject , and that a general system was preparing for the auditing of the public accounts . He now stated , that on Wednesday next he would propose a new Military Commission for investigating abuses committed in the West Indies ; but as that only formed a part of the general system , he trusted he would be allowed on that day to enter somewhat at length into the nature of the measures relative to the public accounts which government had in contemplation . He also gave notice , that on Monday next he would , in the committee of ways and means , propose a new tax in lieu of the Iron tax . He concluded by moving , that the house go into a committee of supply . rose , to move that the report of the committee on Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie 's petition should be referred to the committee . He trusted he had shewn , that he had never been disposed to give away the public money on any occasion that did not strongly call for it . But though he was now about to propose that a large sum should be voted for certain individuals , he only , in doing so , did justice to those individuals and