a full and accurate investigation . Those who were confined for debts , were composed of two classes , —the un- 156 fortunate and the fraudulent . To continue the imprisonment of the first for his inability to pay , was an act , not of false humanity , but of complete and flagrant injustice : how to proportionate the punishment of the other was the next object of consideration . In the commission of crimes , the smallest circumstances often were found to create the nicest shade of distinction between the degrees of criminality ; and the moat minute change in the quality of the guilt , led to a punishment extremely different . In two cases which had lately met his view in the newspapers , he had found the principle of this observation fully illustrated . The first was , where a man , by frequently kicking his servant-maid , had caused her death ; the other was that of a serjeant , who had wounded a soldier so severely with a halbert , as eventually to deprive him of life . In both these cases , the charge was murder ; and the prisoners , by-some peculiar nicety of discrimination , escaped conviction ; but the jury , in each case , returned a verdict of manslaughter ; and the prisoners were sentenced to a year 's imprisonment . Viewing the intentions of the respective parties , he believed the decisions , in both instances , just . Now , admitting that the persons whom the noble and learned lords suspected of fraud , were-really guilty of fraud , he would ask them , were they willing to assent to the proposition that such a term of confinement , adjudged as the proper punishment for a crime , approaching nearest to the extreme of human turpitude , was also a sufficient punishment for the fraudulent contraction of a debt ? The noble and learned lords had arraigned the increased frequency of those acts , and he had expected to hear from them what interval ought to take place between acts of Insolvency . He regretted that they had not favoured the house with their opinions of what confinement a debtor should suffer , and what determinate principle should operate in fixing the punishment in such cases . Against fraudulent debtors it was his wish , and he knew it to be the wish of all the friends of the present bill , that its provisions should be made as severe as possible . A principle of enquiry and discrimination ought , above all things , to obtain in a measure of this kind . The nature of the debt should be fully and accurately considered ; —whether contracted with the probable means of liquidation ; and whether such means 157 were want only expended with a profuse and criminal extravagance . If fraud should be detected , that fraud ought to be punished ; but let it be punished as a crime , and not under the pretext of imprisonment for debt . But , if the inability of the debtor proceeded from unavoidable misfortune , or unforeseen embarrassments , to keep such a debtor in prison , merely from his incapacity to pay was , in his mind , nothing less than an insult to and a mockery of , every principle of justice . It was insisted by the noble and learned lords , and on that assertion much stress was laid by them , that a majority of the persons confined had thrown themselves into prison for the purpose of participating in the benefits of the Act now before this house . The truth of this fact he knew not ; but , with his noble friend ( Holland ) , he thought there was every reason for doubting it . But , even if they had done so , he contended that they not only did that , which was natural , but that which , was just . They had appealed to the wisdom and humanity of the legislature to interfere between them and their rigorous creditors ; and , being