of 5 or 600l . in the stocks , which might entitle the holder to an income of 20 or 30l . a year , he could not consider in the light of an object , likely to want the necessaries of life , or to be driven to seek for charitable relief , and therefore an annuity so circumstanced came fairly under the operation of a property tax , like freehold property in land . For the class of persons to whom his hon . friend alluded , and who were struggling with narrow circumstances to preserve appearances , and maintain the respect to which their characters in life justly entitled them , he felt as sincerely as any man ; and not merely for those with incomes of 100l . or 200l. , but even in many cases with 500l . a year . No loan was more sincerely disposed than he was to afford them alleviation . He begged his hon . friend to be assured , that he was not himself a friend to the tax or any of its principles or operation ; that he was sensible the objections to it were just and innumerable ; but his majesty 's present ministers were reluctantly forced to adopt it , under the pressure of existing circumstances , which they had the consolation to reflect they had no share in producing . But when the alarming pressure of those exigencies were felt on all sides ; when their ears were daily and hourly saluted with admonitions of `` take care of the dangerous situation of the country , you must have powerful fleets and formidable armies , 225 and you must spare no expence in arming for your defence at all points ; '' and yet when ministers came to propose the means of raising funds for such preparations , it was not very pleasant to their feelings , when they heard nothing but objections and embarrassments.—The house then divided upon the question , that the clause should stand as it did . Ayes , 58 . Noes , 18 . Majority 40 . —A subsequent discussion took place upon an amendment proposed by Mr. Wilberforce , for exempting from the tax on professional incomes , so much of their amount as shall be paid in life assurances for the provision of wives or children after the death of the party . It was supported by Mr. Babington and Mr. W. Smith , but opposed by Mr. Vansittart , and negatived without a division . Several additional clauses were proposed by Mr. Vansittart , and particularly a clause for subjecting to the tax all exchequer bills , and other unfunded stock , the interest of which is paid out of the revenue , to commence from the 10th of Oct. , which , after a suggestion from Alderman Curtis , that the tax should commence on the 5th of July , was settled as for the former day . —The bill being gone through , Was ordered to be reported the next day , but the clauses were reserved for further consideration on Monday . The house proceeded at 10 to Westminster-hall , and returned about half past 3 , when an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord Melville the next day , and a message was sent , to the commons to acquaint them . therewith.—The Mutiny bill , the Irish Loan bill , and the Irish Treasury Bills bill , were read a 2d time.—The earl of Suffolk took an opportunity to allude to a petition presented some time since , claiming one of the titles borne by his lordship , which was alledged by it to be in abeyance . He had been indisposed at the time it was presented , and was obliged to leave town soon after ; which would shortly , he observed , be the case , on certain pressing domestic occasions : what he had to submit to the house , and in the way of requisition , it such might not be deemed improperor irregular , was , that no proceedings should take