If this was not the proper time to put his question , he should take another opportunity . said , he might take whatever opportunity he pleased ; and he need not expect that he would meet him on any of his points . said , that having , last February , found himself under the necessity , from a paramount sense of duty , of calling the attention of the house and the public , to the state of the Finances of India ; and , as sentiments , on that important topic , were now before the house , in the form of a specific charge , he would forbear , on the present occasion , from entering fully into the subject ; though the hon . general ( sir A. Wellesley ) , and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , had given ample room for discussion , by statements the most fallacious eve produced to any reasoning assembly ; but , said the hon . gent. , to refute such statements is the less necessary , as the noble lord , who brought forward the business had done ample justice to his ( Mr. Paull 's ) sentiments , and had confirmed every assertion he had ever made on the melancholy state of India , rendered still more melancholy and desperate , by the immense sums shortly to be provided for in that unhappy country.—The hon . gent . paid the noble lord ( Morpeth ) some well-merited compliments , for the honest , honourable , and fair manner , in which he had brought forward the Budget : he had scorned deception ; and his candour was as conspicuous as his talents were acknowledged . The noble lord had given the only fair statement that had been exhibited of the Finances of India for upwards of 20 years ; and , for the whole of his conduct , he merited the thanks of every man in the kingdom . The noble lord had looked the prospect , dark and gloomy as it was , boldly and fairly in the face ; and had scorned to delude the house with promises that were never to be fulfilled , and prospects of prosperity that never were to be realized . But , said Mr. Paull , the noble lord has still , Most unintentionally , omitted some most important items . On his own shewing , including the defalcations in the ceded provinces , the actual deficit , even on san- 1196 guine estimates , exceeds 3 millions sterl. , the deficit , in the course of the next year , 1807 , can not be less ; and , added to these two sums , making 6 millions , the decennial loan , amounting to 3½ millions ; and two other loans , contracted for two years , at 10 and 12 per cent. , and amounting to nearly a million , all become payable in 1808 ; so that , in that year , even taking the most favourable circumstances into account , the debt will be increased nearly 9 millions , and that in the 16th year of the Company 's charter ; and where is the man sanguine enough to say , that we shall then be on the peace establishment ? But the fact is , we can have no peace establishment ; from Cape Comorin , to beyond the walls of Delhi , our troops must be kept up , and scattered , to keep our subjests in awe , even if we have no enemy to contend with . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Johnstone ) has indulged himself , lately , in making frequent attacks on his majesty 's ministers , for the removal of sir G. Barlow . Would that , instead , he had turned his attention to the state of the Finances of India , which no man knew better than he did ; and had fairly and candidly admitted , that to measures acquiesced in by sir G. Barlow , for 8 years criminally acquiesced in , was to be attributed the present