British army , you have covered the country with glory ; but you shall not have the benefit of the present measure . '' Let the house then judge what must be the feelings of men who found themselves so treated . He should have less objection to the measure , if the new levies Were to be placed in separate corps , where no jealousies would arise amongst them ; but as the thing was to be constituted now , one man in the ranks of a corps would have a great advantage over his comrade . in the present state of the army , there was no ground for invidious Comparisons ; but under the new plan , it was quite different , as one set of men might quit the army at certain periods , or towards the close of their terms force their officers to relax their discipline , in order to retain them ; whereas , another set were compelled to remain , and placed altogether on a different footing from their compani- 530 ons . Reasoning of this kind , he was aware might be represented as preaching discontent , but that should not prevent , him from stating objections which must be obvious to every man . It was , indeed , a strange complaint to come from that side of the house , foam gentlemen , the greatest part of whose lives had been spent in a perpetual and systematic opposition to every measure proceeding from the government . himself , could recollect one of those gentlemen doubting the morality of the people submitting to the law , and saying , that it would be a question of prudence or discretion ; and if so , how Could he or his friends now complain of the statement of objections which were in the mouths of every one ? The distinction between the army and the navy on this occasion was not to be overlooked , and was very proper to be stated in debate , as it was difficult to find a reason why advantages should be given to the one and denied to the other . Upon a question of such moment it was to be lamented that the house was not in possession of the opinions given military authorities on the subject . It might well be doubted , whether , in changing the condition of the soldier , you did not change his character . The right hon . secretary said , that by the advantages now held out , the army would obtain a better description of persons than usually entered the service ; but upon what that expectation was founded , he knew not , for lie believed it would not be contended that the army was not at present in as good a state as it was capable of being placed . He did not see any advantage that could arise front blending the characters of the soldier and the citizen ; on the contrary , he thought they would be much better kept seperate , as they were in all other countries , which kept up large military establishments . Another reason why he objected to the measure was , that we had heretofore in this country tried the experiment of limited service , both as to time and space , and had not derived any advantage from it , as was fully evinced by the Army of Reserve , and the Additional Force act , both of which proved unproductive , whilst they injured the recruiting for the standing army But What was to him the most objectionable of all was , that he saw no necessity whatever for recurring to a measure of the kind . It would be productive , as had been most clearly shewn by his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) , and others , of great and unexampled expences , and would incur the risk of injuring , if not 531 of totally destroying the discipline of the army . In foreign service , the men must be brought home at the expiration of their several terms of