, but from the desire libel to hear him redeem the pledge he gave on a former night , namely , that he should be prepared to prove , not only that the measure was pregnant with none of the bad consequences imputed to it , but that the powers proposed to be granted to the privy council were borne out by a variety of precedents , and particularly by the acts which were passed between the years 1783 and 1791 , authorizing the king in council to regulate the commerce with America . A further sanction was quoted for the bill before us , by a learned member ( Dr. Laurence ) from the Dutch property acts , in the last war , and the bills enabling the privy council to regulate the trade with the Cape of Good Hope.—And first , as to the two acts of 1795 , the object and the provisions of which were confined to protecting the property of the loyal subjects of the United Provinces , viz . allowing it to be imported into this country , on certain conditions . The principle of those acts was extended in 1796 , to vessels belonging to any person in amity with his majesty ; of which , however , the benefit was taken ( as was foreseen ) chiefly by ships from the states of America and the foreign West Indies.—A slight examination of the grounds on which these acts there passed , whether wisely or unwisely is not now the question , will shew that no considerable sacrifice was made thereby of our navigation system ; and that the colonial system was not affected thereby . They were founded altogether on considerations of temporary commercial policy . The preamble of the act of 1796 declared , `` that 975 under the special circumstances of the commerce of Europe , and particularly for that of the United Provinces , it will be for the benefit of the commerce of this kingdom to continue to allow for a further time to be limited , such ships and vessels described in the former act as may not chase to return to the ports of the United Provinces ; and also any other ships and vessels belonging to per-sons of any country in amity with his Majesty , which are in search of a place of deposit , to land their goods under certain restrictions . '' This law was principally intended to permit a qualified intercourse , during war , with the enemy 's colonies , which could only take place in neutral vessels . Assuming then the propriety , in the then state of Europe , of making this country an entrepot for the colonial produce of our enemies , it could be effected in no other mariner . It was necessary to relax the letter of the navigation act to favour this intercourse , so far as it prohibits import , except in British vessels , or in those of the state from whence the goods came ; but there was , in truth , then no substantial sacrifice of our shipping interest ; it was rather a temporary sacrifice of our belligerent rights from motives of commercial convenience , and our colonial interests were at the same time protected by the foreign produce thus admitted being only permitted to be warehoused for exportation.—The case of the Cape of Good Hope is as little in point . It stands on a principle frequently acted upon , where there has been reason to presume , that a possession newly acquired might materially suffer , if our commercial system was at once applied to it in its utmost strictness ; that of giving to the king in council a power for a time to regulate its trade . But the present case is not a discretion to adopt our system for a time to a new colony , but a power to subvert at once the whole system with respect to all our old and established colonies . It is said , but why do you suspect that such will be the effect of it ?