, that this bill was one to which he could scarcely anticipate any objection . It was founded on the exercise of his majesty 's undoubted prerogative , a prerogative which had never been disputed , that of calling out all those who were able to bear arms for the defence of the country against an invading army . The only question that could arise was as to the means of exercising that prerogative . Under the present circumstances of the country , and looking as we must do to the enormously increased power of France , it was evident that it was absolutely necessary that a large efficient force should be kept up ready for the exigency of the moment . The object of the present bill was to train to the use of arms 200,000 men , who might , in case of necessity , come in aid of the other force of the country . It was not to be said that because we had already a large force , that therefore it was unnecessary to resort to other measures ; it should be remembered that , on our vast extent of coast , it was impossible strictly to guard every point ; it was therefore the more necessary that there should be an efficient force ready to bear down upon any point where their services might be most wanted . Provision was made in this bill , that it should interfere as little as possible with the varied pursuits of the people , or break in much upon their convenience ; and , at the same time , an option was given to those who might not wish , for various reasons , to be trained with the persons on whom this bill would generally operate , or who could not go out to be trained without great injury to their business , to pay instead a pecuniary fine . It was also provided , that the number to be called out should be balloted for , which was thought , and justly in his opinion , the fairest mode of choosing the persons to be trained , thereby avoiding all partiality . He was convinced that , when the bill was thoroughly understood in the country , the voluntary zeal and ardour of the people would render it unnecessary to carry the compulsory provisions into execution . The bill might not be immediately operative , but he looked forward to the most beneficial permanent effects from such a system . It 1085 was not merely at the exigency of the moment that he looked to the bill for aid to the country , but he considered it as a means of inspiring a military character into a large mass of the population of the country , and thus , in the midst of our commerce and our wealth , giving us also military strength , and enabling us to enter , fully prepared , into any future war , with the means of sending out of the country a large disposable force . He concluded by Moving , that the house should resolve itself into a committee on the bill . said , it was not his wish to oppose any measure which his majesty 's ministers considered necessary for the defence of the country , but he must beg leave to express his doubts as to the propriety or utility of the present bill . In considering this measure , he naturally looked to the present state of the military force of the country ; and when he found that we had at present a volunteer force of from 3 to 400,000 men , in addition to the regular army and militia , he was induced to ask , where was the necessity of this measure ? We had already a large force of a much superior description to any that this bill could give ; a force which had arisen out of the voluntary spirit , the zeal and the ardour of the country ; a force , in contemplating which , every man might sleep sound in his bed , and consider