first time of levies for this purpose being made compulsory upon grand juries , of which he quoted two or three instances , and the only compulsion was on the counties which had houses of industry , to maintain them . As to the charge of bringing it forward so late in the session , he appealed to the recollection of members , whether he had not made the same proposition last year . In the early part of this session , he was , for a time , kept out of his seat , by what he must consider a very improper proceeding . Since then , his time had been fully occupied , as would be proved by the great mass of business he had already brought forward ; and , late as it might be , he hoped he should now be permitted to go on with a measure , which he felt to be so essential to the welfare of his country . said , that however disagreeable it might be to oppose a measure , 844 the object of which was professed to be humane and charitable , he must object to all new and partial schemes , as hitherto the relief held out to one class of the poor in Ireland , fell heaviest on the other poor part of it . The greatest part of the taxes of the north of Ireland , was paid by people inhabiting houses of about 51. a year , and as no other property there but lands and houses contributed to the payment of the poor , he was desirous of having some more general measure . said , it was impossible to travel over the high roads in Ireland , without being Sensible of the necessity of this measure ; and . as to the objection of its falling heavy on the land owners ; they were a description of persons in that country best able to afford it.—The bill was then read a first time . On the motion of Mr. Secretary Windham , the house went into a. committee on this bill . That clause being read which confined the operation of the bill to England rose to express his opinion of it . He approved of the general principle of the bill , as far as it was similar to that which he had the honour to bring in on a former occasion , and thought it , in the present state of Europe , of essential importance to the safety of the country . United with the militia , the men levied under this bill would form a second line to . the regulars , should the enemy effect a landing . So much for the general principle of the bill ; but it must undergo considerable modification , before it could meet his entire approbation . He should afterwards shew , that , instead of confirming , it abridged the royal prerogative ; but he should at present confine himself to that clause which limited its operation to South Britain . Now he could see no reason why Scotland should not be subject to the same burden , and possessed of the same means of defence with England . He would therefore propose , that the words `` Great Britain `` should be inserted instead of `` England . '' acknowledged , that there was much weight in what the hon . member had observed , and that all must be agreed in distributing the burden and defence as equally as possible . But he should state the reasons which induced him to confine the present operation of the bill to England . In the first place , to a great 845 part of that country , especially that part called the Highlands , the bill would not apply , and besides , from the general habits of the people , it was less necessary . In Scotland the people were also better trained and more military than here . The state of the volunteers was superior , according to what he had learned , not in point of numbers ,