in which this measure would involve the country , and concluded by expressing his conviction that a noble lord , whom he had hitherto been taught to consider as the head of his majesty 's councils ( lord Grenville ) had no hand whatever in concerting these 647 measures . He had always heard that noble lord alluded to by his majesty 's present ministers of this house , as at the head of his majesty 's present government ; but he now found there really was no ostensible minister in that department but the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) . For the noble lord ( Grenville ) and his consummate talents and high character , his own esteem never sustained the smallest abatement ; but as to his colleagues , he was quite sure that the whole history of parliament never presented such a period of ministerial imbecillity , inefficiency , and confusion , as since his majesty 's present administration was formed . rose with much warmth , and expressed his utter indifference as to what opinion the right honourable gentleman or his friends might form of the talents of himself , or those with whom he had the honour to act ; but he could now assure that right hon . gent . that he spoke the language and sentiments of his noble relation ( lord Grenville ) , when he stated that he thanked no man for compliments paid to him at the expence of his colleagues.—After a few words from Dr. Laurence , in support of the bill , the house divided , Ayes 65 ; Noes 30 ; Majority for the bill 35 . The bill was then read a third time , passed , and ordered to the Lords . Adjourned . In the appeal Seymour v. the earl of Euston and lord Henry Seymour , Mr. Richards was heard for the respondents , after which the further consideration of it was postponed till the next day.—The royal assent was given by commission to the Property Duty bill , the Irish Sugar bill , the Irish Stamp Duties bill , the Irish Additional Force Repeal bill , and several private bills . The commissioners were the lord Chancellor , lord Walsingham , and lord Auckland.—Lord H.Petty , and several other members of the house of commons , brought up a message , stating that the house of commons requested a conference with their lordships , on a subject in which the reputation of the country , and the interests of humanity , justice , and sound policy , were deeply concerned . The house agreed to a conference presently in the painted chamber , of which the messengers from the commons being called in , were informed . A committee was appointed to manage the conference.—The house being informed that the commons waited the conference in 648 the painted chamber , the committee appointed to manage it , consisting of the duke of Norfolk , earls of Radnor and Romney , lord Falmouth , the bishop of St. Asaph , lords Holland , Keith , Dundas , Ellenborough and Lauderdale , went forth to the painted chamber . Shortly afterwards they returned ; when the duke of Norfolk reported that the commons had communicated to them a certain resolution relative to the Abolition of the Slave Trade . The order being read , for going into a committee on the above bill , the house resolved itself into the same accordingly , lord Walsingham in the chair.—After a short previous conversation , of an explanatory nature , between the earls of Westmoreland and Spencer , as to the regular mode of discussing the provision or enactment of the bill , which it appeared was in one of the schedules , rose , and in a speech of considerable length , expressed his objections to the clause alluded to . He contended that it was an invasion of the royal prerogative , inasmuch as it prescribed the exact term for which men should be enlisted to serve in the army , and precluded his majesty from enlisting men upon any