responsibility ; unless they break the navigation laws , the West India Islands may suffer most materially under this want of all responsibility , which , not existing in ministers can not be transferred to governors . The West India islands may suffer , and nobody be legally to blame ; that this possibility is not exaggerated id proved , for even on the probability of danger to the West India islands , the late ministers have proceeded , but still they have wisely acted under impressions where no legal responsibility compelled them , for if they had neglected to infringe the law , the good of the West India islands urged them , no legal responsibility could have subjected them to punishment ; this bill has provided a responsibility in ministers , transferable in any extent to governors on the spot : they are bound to use sound and legal discussion , for an omission of which they are each responsible . This act provides a responsibility which did not before exist , it procures the certainty of security to the West Indies , which their governors might without legal offence refuse , and ministers could not legally order.—The proposed amendment was negatived , and the bill was ordered to be engrossed . Mr. Henry Martin took the oaths and his seat for Kinsale.—On the motion of sir Charles Price , it was ordered , 1 . That there be laid before this house , an account of the number and tonnage of all ships and vessels built in Great Britain , in the several years from 1790 to 1804 ; distinguishing each year , and the ports or places where they were respectively built.—2 . That there be laid before this house , an account of the number and tonnage of British-built ships in the year 1792 ; distinguishing the ports to which they belonged.—3 . That there be laid before this house , an account of the number and tonnage of prize ships which had been made free and registered from the 5th of January , 1790 , to the 5th of January , 1793 , inclusive.—4 . That there be laid before this house , and account of the number and tonnage of British-built ships in the year 1805 ; distinguishing the ports to which they belonged.—5 . That there be laid before this house , an account of the number and tonnage of prize ships which had been made free and registered from the 5th of January , 1806 , inclusive.—Mr . Matthews , in pursuance of a notice he had given for an amendment in the general Turnpike act , stated , that in consequence of that part of the law which imposed a penalty of 5l . on all persons driving waggons on turnpike roads , with wheels of less than six inches thickness , and with less than four horses , there were numerous complaints made of the decisions of magistrates . What he had to propose was , to give the parties an appeal from the decision of the magistrates to the court of quarter sessions , and to allow half of the penalty to be paid to the informer . He then moved for leave to bring in a bill to that effect , which was agreed to.—Mr . Meheux , from the office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India , presented at the bar of the house , `` Extracts of Letters , & c. received from the presidency of Bombay , relative to the sum of Bombay Rupees 31,25,944 inserted in the account of their Disbursements , for the year ending the 30th of April , 1803 , and said to be money lent to the Gulcowar . '' Ordered to lie upon the table and to be printed.—Mr . Secretary at War , presented to the house ( according to order ) a bill for continuing an act , made in this session of 102 parliament , intituled , `` An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion , and for the better payment of the army and their quarters , within the United Kingdom ,