he had said on a former occasion , with the same qualification . If we had new colonies to cultivate , and he was asked his opinion , in respect to encouraging the Slave Trade , he would certainly advise it ; and why ? because our commerce had derived such immense sources of wealth and prosperity from it , as had proved a great mean of raising the country to its present state of aggrandisement and magnificence , and enabled us to contend with our enemies . Would any man say Europeans could cultivate the colonies ? If we looked at the melancholy ravages made in our armies when sent over to the colonies , we should find , that without having any hard labour to perform , the effects of a burning sun , and a continued sultry climate , were such , as to sweep away more than one half in the course of the first year they arrived there . He thought that pledging the house now to renew a measure which had so long lain dormant , could do no good , and might effect much mischief , and he should therefore vote against the motion . said , that with regard to one part of the hon . general 's speech , he was doubtful whether he should not have interrupted him by calling him to order . But if the hon . gent . could believe that slavery was sanctioned by our holy religion , he should only feel disposed to pity his weakness and error , and should endeavour to rectify his mistake in the spirit of mildness and conciliation . It was the glory of our religion , that it not only forbade all those odious means by which slaves were procured , but expressly prohibited the practice of man-stealing , and called us to act on a principle of universal philanthrophy , and kind good-will to all men . But he should ever deprecate the 594 introduction of such appeals to sacred authority into that house , as tending rather to ridicule than to any satisfactory result . He should have heard with pleasure the declarations of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh , ) respecting the radical injustice of the traffic , had he not at the same time seemed to oppose every method that had been proposed for its abolition , and had not his speech been uniformly applauded by those who were friendly to the trade . They were perfectly willing to permit the trade to be railed at , while , in fact , it received their most effectual support . He himself had derived pleasure from the reflection , that the measures he had brought forward at different times on this subject had been supported by almost all the ablest men on both sides of the house , who had seldom agreed on any great measure of policy , If he had erred , he had erred with great authorities . But his noble friend , while he reprobated the principle of the Slave Trade , had obtained the support of those only who were friends to that traffic . The noble lord had proposed to accomplish the gradual abolition of the trade by means of duties on the importation of slaves . But this would only tend to increase the price of slaves ; and surely the co-operation of the colonies , which was so little to be expected , would in this way become more necessary than in any other method that could be devised . It had been said , indeed that it was absolutely necessary that the colonies should co-operate in the abolition , in order to render it effectual . This , however , he must deny ; for the importation of various commodities into the West India islands had been prevented by legislative interference , and surely it would not be more difficult to prevent the importation of slaves , who , whatever they might have suffered , still exhibited some appearance of the human form . No measures , he contended , were to be expected from the