an equal footing . By any other course of proceeding , by any deviation from the settled rule of law , be the arguments of convenience ever so pressing , nothing can result . but opinions destructive of all principles of obedience to the law . My lords , it is upon these grounds that I am about to move that the further proceeding be adjourned to this day two months . I do not wish to carry any prejudice to either side , though I should be well prepared to dismiss the subject altogether ; yet if I had shaped my motion to that effect , it would imply an opinion . It is for that reason I have moved to adjourn it to a day when this house in all probability will not meet . But I think no . man ought to vote for the motion who is not prepared to say that the matter can not be revived . Other modes may still be open , but this 764 proceeding will be no longer open if the mode I propose is adopted . began by observing , that were the house prevailed upon to concur in the motion of the noble lord , they would take a step , he was thoroughly convinced , which the country might have for ever to lament . He contended for the full eligibility of that house to entertain and discuss a complaint preferred on the motion of any of its members , and without reference to what the other house of parliament might do or not . To abandon such a principle , would be to deviate from a line of conduct often acted Upon by their forefathers . But the present was not the time for a consideration of that kind , the period was past ; on its preferable line of proceeding , the house had repeatedly and solemnly decided , and even confirmed it by a legislative measure at the close of the last session , which authorised the carrying on these proceedings in the present . When he considered what had been already done , the orders repeatedly made for the attendance of witnesses , who had come from distant parts of Ireland , and which implied a pledge of farther proceeding , he was at a loss to reconcile it with a principle of good faith and justice to their fellow-subjects in that part of the United Kingdom . These witnesses came many a weary mile , by sea and land ; they were encouraged to come thus far , and felt an assurance that the case would be proceeded with . Were the contrary line adopted , it would not be too much to say it would be both seen and felt . In considering the present momentous question , he felt it incumbent on him to remind their lordships of the circumstances of the case of what it was the learned judge , whose conduct gave rise to the pressent discussion , stood charged , the particulars of his conduct in those respects , and the proceedings at different times adopted in that house , from the time at which the complaint was originally preferred by hint , to the present period . The noble marquis then entered into an exposition of the facts and circumstances specified in those articles of charge , which have been long before the house and the publick . He first particularly adverted to the adresses , which he described the learned judge as endeavouring to procure , for the removal of that amiable and excellent nobleman ( the earl of Hardwicke ) who sat near him , from the vice-royalty of Ireland ; a line of conduct , which , in one of his majesty 's judges , of all others , he deem- 765 ed most worthy of reprobation . He next adverted to his conduction the levy of excessive fines ; and referred to some extracts to shew , that in one summer circuit , in three counties only , lie levied fines to the amount of 1435l . ; when Mr. Justice Osborne