silence of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) . The right hon . gent . has heard , riot to-night only , but on former mights , such doctrines respecting the mixture of the military and civil character , as I should have thought would have made him start from his seat to vindicate the very first principles of his system . if there were one thing which he laboured more than another in that memorable speech , in which he poured forth his whole soul , the accumulation of many years meditation , upon these subjects ; it was the distinctness and inviolable separation of the soldier from the citizen . The soldier he described as utterly segregated and set apart from the population in winch he lived ; as . belonging to a world of his own , and not looking beyond the limits of it ; exempt from toiling for his own subsistence ; but devoting himself to habits of life , to discipline , and laws , and institutions of peculiar strictness and severity , neither partaking in the solicitudes nor enjoying the immunities of civil life . So far from proposing to ap- 557 proximate the soldier to the citizen , he thought ( as the house well remembers ) that the occasional assumption of the military title , and the military garb , by the Volunteers , who were still irretrievably citizens , had affected the soldiers ' character with a contamination which it would be difficult to remove . And yet the right hon , gent . has now , for two mights , sat by and heard his measure supported , on the ground that it tends distinctly and directly to produce the very effect which he has so strenuously disclaimed and deprecated . He heard on a former night an hon . and distinguished member from Ireland ( Mr. Grattan ) descant in a strain of learned and splendid declamation on the necessary union of the two characters , which he wishes to keep asunder . He heard the same night , the hon . and learned gent . near him ( the solicitor general ) deduce from the works of Mr. justice Blackstone , an argument , that the separation of the soldiery from the mass of his majesty 's subjects was wholly incompatible with our free constitution . He has heard the same argument to-night from the noble lord near him ( lord H. Petty ) from the learned lord ( the lord Advocate ) and from my hon . friend ( Mr . Wilberforce . ) He has heard it asserted as the main principle and chief praise of his measure , that it promotes and secures this contaminating union ; and , to my astonishment , he has accepted in silence the panegyrics which his feelings must have disavowed . I can excuse him for having disdained to answer the attacks of his opponents , but I am surprised that he should not have vindicated himself from the support of his friends.—Upon the whole , sir , nothing has been urged in the debate of this night to change the opinion which I had formed upon this measure . The advantages held out from it still appear to me to be visionary and theoretical ; the practical inconveniences and dangers manifest and undenied ; the remedies of those dangers uncertain and precarious , and , by the avowal of the very author of the measure , rather to be hoped for than confidently expected . The stake put to hazard is nothing less than the whole regular army ; that army upon which ( exclusively , as the right hon , gentlemen contend ) , the security of the empire is to rest . And all this at a moment like the present ! —The bill I am afraid it gone too far to admit of opposition in the whole , or amendment in many parts . One part only of one danger it is yet in our power to guard against . The amendment 558 proposed by my honourable friend affords us this