this house , that the conduct of the earl of St. Vincent , in his late naval administration , has added an additional lustre to his exalted character , and is entitled to the approbation of this house . '' felt considerable pain in being obliged to vote against the motion of the right hon . secretary : he considered , that notwithstanding the precedents which the right hon . gent . had quoted , it was quite unusual to come to such a vote , without any previous notice of an intention to make a motion of that nature . It was a very different thing indeed to negative the motion which had been made by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery ) , and to be called upon to vote for such a one as had been proposed by the right hon . secretary . The charges that were brought forward against him were limited to the building of ships add repairing them , and embraced but a small part of the noble earl 's naval administration . Although the charges on certain parts of his administration might have no foundation , it by no means followed that the whole of his administration was entitled to the approbation of the house . If it were entitled to such a distinguished expression of their approbation , that approbation ought to be conveyed in a manner more worthy of the house and of the noble lord . It would be but a poor triumph that appeared to be gained by a surprise of this kind . It would have more the resemblance of a party triumph , than that of any deliberate expression of the sense of that house . It gave him sincere pain to 210 oppose the motion , but he hoped the right hon . gent . would not persevere in it . was sorry to be obliged to differ from his hon . friend who had just sat down . He considered the charge which had been brought against the noble earl , as frivolous from the beginning to the end ; and when a great public character was attacked ; when a man who had so long distinguished himself in the service of the country , and who still continued to serve it , was subjected to such an accusation , he thought that when the house were of opinion that the accusation was unjust , it was not enough simply to repeal it , but that they should express their approbation of the conduct of the person who was the object of it . He did not find fault with the hon . gent . who brought forward the accusation ; he made no doubt that he did so from honest motives , and , as a member of parliament , he had a right to do so . The house had , however , the privilege of expressing its feelings , and its sense of the merits of the noble lord ; and he should therefore , in the same freedom , give his warmest support to the motion of the right hon . secretary . thought it most extraordinary to bring forward a motion of such great magnitude , without any previous noticed [ Mr : Fox said , across the house ; I gave notice ! ] Notice , to be sure , was given , but when ? At a quarter past twelve notice was given of a motion that was brought on at one . He could remember some instances somewhat similar to what were stated by the right hon . secretary ; but still very different from the present motion ; He remembered that when a motion was once made , for an address of thanks to his majesty for removing his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) from his councils , there was an amendment moved , which turned the motion into a vote of thanks . The difference , however , between that case and the present one was , that notice was given of the amendment that was to be