proposed , the ultimate and permanent expence to the country would be 1000l . a year less than it was at present . The present annual expence was 28,000l . ; the future permanent annual expence , after the temporary expence had ceased , would be only 27,000l . The additional temporary annual expence would be 14,000l . making the whole of the proposed immediate annual expence 42,000l . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill for consolidating the Boards of Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts , and for providing more effectual means for examining and auditing the Public Accounts now in arrear . '' called the attention of the house to a number of detailed calculations , and contended , that out of the 534 millions only 5 millions , or at most 8 millions , were to be accounted for . The rest were , to all intents and purposes , accounted for as satisfactorily as was possible , though , perhaps , the whole had not passed the commissioners of accounts ; and of this 8 millions , the only part upon which investigation could attach , with any hope of recovering a shilling for the public , was about 99,000l . So that the construction of all that expensive system of machinery proposed by the noble lord , of increasing commissioners , accountants , and all the other train of subordinate officers , was , in fact , doing nothing for the public . With respect to the accounts in the West Indies , an act passed in the last year for appointing new commissioners to follow up the enquiry in that quarter , from which commissioners no report had yet been made . In his opinion , therefore , it would have been much more adviseable for the noble lord to have waited for the report of those commissioners , and taken more time to consider and mature his plan , instead of precipitating the country into so much useless 798 and unnecessary expence . Having concluded his observations upon the propositions of the noble lore , whose chief object seemed to be the censure of a former administration , and create unnecessary patronage , he : now beg leave to advert to some allusion made personally to himself , on a former night , by a noble lord opposite to him ( lord Howick ) , and a right hon . and learned gent . ( the attorney general ) , now in his eye . It had been observed that observations from him , tending to condemn the creation of sinecure places , came with a peculiar ill grace ; and allusions were made to sinecure places and lucrative appointments which he was supposed to possess . On this point it was necessary to explain to the house the fallacy of such allusions . For the place he held under the administration of his late right hon . friend , as secretary of the treasury , he had resigned a certain , permanent , and lucrative employment producing him 5,400l . a year , arising from fees , to take up a precarious one , which reduced his income to 4,500l . a year ; this income the lords of the treasury were afterwards pleased to reduce by a new regulation to 3000l . a year , and upon the former resignation of his right hon . friend , he resigned this without any provision whatever . On the return of his right hon . friend again to office , he accepted of another office , which he again resigned without any provision ; and as to the employment which be now held , it was one which had been usually conferred in reversion for a series of five centuries , and was given to him on a similar footing , upon a reversion of two lives , one of which continued six years after he obtained the promise ; and the Other was , at the time , of his own age , and a life in every respect as good