his bill , that we might know whether 825 it was intended to operate the destruction of the volunteers , or to form a subsidiary to them—for both objects had been ascribed to it . He considered the measure as unconstitutional and dangerous to our liberties , as a breach of faith on the part of parliament , and a breach of common sense . He ridiculed the idea of neglecting the interest of the present moment , and looking to a period of 7 or 14 years hence , when this force might be officered by discharged soldiers . The object of the measure was to substitute a compulsory system instead of that of the volunteers , which latter was preferable in every point of view , and he thought that the good sense of the volunteers , though he had great confidence in it , would be put to a severe trial . He would read the words of the right hon . gent . from the Parliamentary Debates , published by one who the right hon . secretary himself had said deserved a Golden Statue , and who therefore was not likely to give an unfavourable report of his words . spoke to order , and said it was irregular to quote from a former debate . said , he had always understood that the strict rule of the house was , not to admit such citation of words used in a former debate ; but at the same time , this rigid adherence was sometimes not required . I say the hon . and learned gent . is manifestly disorderly . When the speaker delivers an opinion , in which the house acquiesces , there is an end of the question . I must call the attention of the house to the respect due to the chair . The hon . gent . is young , and he may not be aware that there is no fresh appeal after the speaker has laid down the rule , and the house has acquiesced in it . said his object was merely to justify the epithet he had applied , and he thought the interference of the hon . gent . wholly unnecessary . It would however be recollected , that the volunteers had been denominated a depository of panic , of which an experienced officer would be glad to be disencumbered , as a prudent wrestler would of the unnecessary raiment by which his muscular action was impeded . He had intimated that no sufficient elucidation had been afforded . Was this complaint well founded ? There were 300,000 volunteers , and 200,000 men were to be raised under this act . Yet if the former were to be disbanded , only 200,000 would remain . Was 826 this the intention ? What were the expences attending this scheme ? What method was to be adopted with regard to the officers over this armed peasantry ? To what extent , and in what manner , was this to operate on the population ? Nothing of this sort had been explained , and yet the house was called upon to sanction such a project . To the particular clauses of the bill he should have another opportunity to advert ; thus much had occurred to him with respect to the general principle , to which he must object , from every notion he could entertain of sound discretion . was surprised at his hon . and learned friend , when he talked of this bill as being opposed to our free constitution , and liberty and justice , and so forth ; and not less at the opposition given to this bill by those who supported a former one of the same tendency . If this bill were an infringment on the rights of the people , that was so also ; if this were a refuge for the volunteers , that likewise possessed the same character . It was no disparagement to so numerous a body as the volunteers , to suppose that they were not all animated by the ardour of patriotism ; every man who