the hon . gent . who preceded him had not adverted to the calculations of the noble lord . He had expected from his learned friend a check to those novel doctrines and distinctions which had been that night introduced . The form in which the question was brought before the house had been objected to ; it was said likewise that it ought not to be a subject of legislative consideration , and a noble lord had asserted , that the discussion of it in parliament was attended with danger to the royal prerogative . He would ask the house what they were discussing ? The mutiny bill . In that bill , it was declared lawful for his majesty to make articles of war for one year only . In that bill , it was declared lawful for his majesty to establish courts martial for one year only . In that bill , the bill of rights was recited . In that bill was contained a declaration limiting the power of his majesty to quarter his soldiers on his lawful subjects . And now in the clause under discussion , the oath to be taken by each recruit was , to serve his majesty for at least 7 years , and yet it was asserted that the prerogative of the crown had been infringed ! Unless the gentlemen opposite were prepared to say that all the doctrines hitherto maintained on this subject were erroneous , it would be impossible for them to defend their position . His right hon . and learned friend had said , that if the measure now under discussion had been carried into effect by the crown , it might easily be undone ; but that being accomplished by parliament , it . would be difficult for parliament to retread their steps . He had argued , that if parliament once promulgated the great advantages which the soldier would derive from enlisting for a limited time , no man would in future be found willing to enlist for an unlimited time . And yet his learned friend had afterwards said , that the consideration of limited or unlimited time would , were the proposed measure to be adopted , be a matter of indifference to the recruit . It seemed , therefore , that the recruit was thought to be so completely ignorant , that he could not judge on this subject for himself , but that he must avail himself of the sentiments of parliament , and of parliament alone , for if his majesty expressed that opinion , the house were told ( notwithstanding that a noble lord had said , that the army ought to look up to his majesty , and that the soldiers should suck in with their very exist- 502 ence the conviction that the favour and countenance of the crown ought to be their chief reward ) , that the army would not listen to his majesty 's representations . He wished much to know how ' the gentlemen opposite could reconcile their declaration , that , in the first place , it was ungracious to give this boon to the army , through the medium of parliament , and not through that of the throne , with their other declaration , that it was in reality no boon , as it would not succeed in inducing men to enlist ? With regard to the objection which , had been started , that this measure should not have been contained in a clause in the . Mutiny bill , but should have formed a distinct act of parliament , he replied , that any novelty in military armies was usually included in the mutiny bill , and that this especially belonged to its character . If such an alteration were proposed in our military , system as the abolishing of capital punishments , he would ask , ought that . not to be contained in the Mutiny bill ? If the constitution of courts-martial were to undergo a reform , would not that be prescribed in . the Mutiny bill ? Now , as to the policy