of himself , or his noble relation , than that the house should decide upon this charge , without having before them all the testimony the honourable gentleman wished to adduce ; but as he had reason to believe 935 that the documents which he had mentioned the cause of delay really were not in the India-house , and had never been returned from India , he hoped , if the house should be satisfied of that fact , by those gentlemen now present who were officially competent to give information upon the subject , and that no such documents were to be expected , that the house would no longer defer its decision : more especially as it was the declared opinion of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) that if a decision should not take place within the ordinary duration of the session , an address should be moved to his majesty , for prolonging the session for that purpose . feeling himself thus called on , said he could not speak with accuracy as to the precise documents moved for being at the India-house ; but he rather believed some fresh documents would be found there , and that the house ought not to proceed to final decision until further search should be made . supported the argument of his hon . relation , and wished to have a clear answer from some of those gentlemen who had been in the India direction , as to the existence of such returns . was not desirous of the returns of the strength of those six regiments . He only wished for the accounts of the sums charged as paid to them ; and was confident such returns must have been made to the directors . said , that though he was not now in office , he was fully confident the accounts of pay must be in the India-house ; but that the order for furnishing the returns of the strength of the regiments ought to have been directed to the war-office , where they would be found . He was for proceeding with the utmost deliberation upon a subject , whereon hung the fate of India . He thought the house could not , in so thin an attendance , comprising so many of the noble marquis 's friends , and at so late a period he session , come to a decision , consistency with the decorum which belonged to its deliberative justice ; but that , if a decision was to be pressed upon the subjects , there ought to be a call of the house , for which he , as one , should vote . said , he could not conceive that the absence of papers , relating to the charge against the marquis Wellesley , of having fraudently exacted an undue sum fro the vizier of Oude , was . sufficient to warrant delay ; as both the fact and the in- 936 tention would be necessary to be proved ; and the latter had been completely disproved by the evidence of capt . Salmon , the accountant-general , who had distinctly stated , that in drawing up the estimates of the expence of troops to be defrayed by the vizier , marquis Wellesley had instructed him to make them rather in favour of that prince than otherwise : so that as far as the instructions , which were all that rested with the marquis , went , the charge was proved to be groundless ; and the papers , if forthcoming , and shewing that a fraudulent sum was really charged , would not criminate that nobleman , but be useless . spoke to order , and thought that after an order of that house had been six times made for their production , every member was interested in seeing that they were procured . expressed his surprise at the interruption , and thought that he was correct in shewing , from the oral evidence , which the house had had the advantage of , that the papers were not necessary , and did not contain any