a disclosure of the whole circumstances of the subject , except in case of exemptions ; but the curtailment of the allowances , particularly as far as regarded children , he thought extremely oppressive . We ought not to give up all considerations of justice and humanity , merely for the sake of making a new tax simple or productive . The hon . mover came forward as the advocate of a meritorious part of the community ; but in opposing it , he considered himself the advocate of the community itself . The hon . gent . then contended , that though in theory this exemption seemed desireable , yet , as 270 in practice not one-half of those persons entitled claimed before the commissioners , it was not of such general service as was imagined . supported the clause . He was sorry to hear the hon . gent . contend that the interest of the many should be set against the interest of the few . His opinion was , that they were to consider what was the most equitable mode , and that was to make the burthen press as equally as possible on all.—The house then divided . For the clause 26 ; Against it 73 ; Majority 47. then made a few remarks on the frequency of surcharges , which he considered as a very great grievance ; and concluded , by bringing up a clause imposing a penalty , and allowing costs to be awarded by the commissioners for vexatious surcharges . approved of what the hon , gent . had proposed , but begged leave to call his attention to a clause in the bill , which he read , and which made the collectors subject to a penalty , not greater than 50l . for every surcharge , on conviction in one of the courts above . supported the clause , as it was absurd , he said , to suppose that a day-labourer could have redress , if he was obliged to seek it in one of the courts at Westminster.—After a conversation between Mr. W. Smith , and Mr. Ellison , who supported the clause ; and Mr. Rose , Mr. Fellowes , capt . Harvey , and Dr. Laurence , who opposed it ; Mr. Jones declared , that he would not press it , and the clause was negatived without a division . The bill was then ordered to be read a 3d time on Wednesday . The order of the day being read , for the second reading of the Additional Force Repeal bill , and observed , that if there were no other ground upon which to justify a call upon their lordships to pass the present bill , than the experience of 22 months , during which the country had had sufficient proof of the utter inefficiency of that measure , for the repeal of which the present bill was introduced , that alone would have been a sufficient reason in his mind , why the house should , without further discussion , agree to the 2d reading , 271 which he now rose to move . After the usual mode of recruiting had been carried on with the utmost exertion , for increasing our army to its necessary strength , it was still found requisite to suggest some other modes than those already employed for that purpose , and with this view the Army of Reserve bill was adopted . But after that had been tried to its utmost extent , without being productive in the degree expected , the measure of the Additional Force bill was then propounded , as one which was to obviate all the inconveniencies arising from the Army of Reserve bill and all the other modes of recruiting then in operation , and to supply all these defects by immediately procuring the number of men necessary . This was the object , avowed by those who brought forward the Additional Force act ; but , as he had at the time predicted , it had utterly failed , and turned out to be a measure , not for