to give them dissatisfaction ; and we had it from the militia officers themselves , that this increase would do so , not on account of being refused the additional pay , but on account of the invidious distinction made between them and the line . He thought the objection of an hon . colonel ( Bastard ) very strong , when he stated that injustice was done to the militia ; for when they entered , they might , as the law stood , take it for granted , that they should always be kept on a footing with the line , and might , in justice , now claim their discharge . When the prize-money was taken from the seamen , it was said , they had no right upon this to claim their discharge , as they had been pressed . He ( did not think that the engagements even 1185 with them should be violated on that account ; but this , however , did not apply to the present case . He then went on to state , that he saw no reason why the seven-pence a day given to the soldiers in the line who had served seven years , should not be extended to the militia . At all events , it ought to be extended to the non-commissioned officers , who were on the same footing as those in the line . He also objected to the bill , because it gave ministers the power of doing as they pleased on this subject , either to give or withhold pay at their option , and this was the reason why an honourable colonel had said , that it put the militia more in the power of the crown . This measure totally altered the nature of the militia system , and was breach of parliamentary faith . The right hon . gent . seemed , indeed , to admit this to a certain degree . It was a breach of faith , but a little one . He was somewhat like the lady who owned , that she had had a natural child , but then it was a very little one . This measure ought , at least , to have been proposed in time of peace . concluded by moving , that the word `` now '' be left out , and that the words `` this day three months '' be substituted . though he supposed it would be a material objection to the gentlemen on the other side , that he was not a militia officer , must still assert his opinion on the subject . He maintained , that there was no reason whatever for any dissatisfaction on the part of the militia officers , for they suffered no injustice . The field-officers and captains were , by law , required to have certain qualifications , which rendered this additional pay unnecessary . Besides , they could not reasonably expect to be put exactly on a footing with officers of the line , who gained rank through toils and dangers , while they immediately attained their rank , on account of their property . The old mistaken principle had been departed from already ; and , besides , it was a quite different service . He would , therefore , support the bill . said , he was not sorry that the gentlemen on the other side had taken an opportunity of renewing this discussion , as he felt convinced , that the more the subject was discussed , the more it would be generally approved of . The lateness of the session was , to be sure , an argument that told well in so thin a house ; but it should be recollected , that this was not a substantive argument , and there 1186 ought to be some other reason assigned for opposing any measure . If it were contended , that there was any greet constitutional principle , which required that the two services should be exactly placed on the same footing , he must deny that doctrine . There were already distinctions