, and provided with funds . Twenty shillings in no case could clothe a man . He knew so by having tried in the cheapest manner ; and coat , waistcoat , and breeches , independent of other . articles , cost 24s . It was strange , therefore , to hear of confining the allowances , when the corps must be obliged to be disbanded for want of funds . And to this was added the discouragement held out by the plan proposed . Their feelings and their circumstances must operate to the overthrow of the system ; and if the volunteers had not complained , it was because their officers had used their utmost efforts to induce them to wait , in the hope that some alterations would take place in the plan that had been opened to the house . said , every body knew how the volunteers were raised and supported ; but was it proposed that government should make up all the expence which would be required in consequence of the failure of other funds ? Clear it was , from what had been said , that if the volunteers disbanded , it was by the force of circumstances , and not from any thing government had proposed . had not meant to contend , that government should maintain the whole volunteers when their subscriptions failed ; but it would be dangerous to let the whole disband themselves ; and therefore an additional allowance , at least to some of them , was necessary . At the breaking out of any new war , our reliance must be on the volunteers , and therefore the spirit should be cherished and the system maintained . said , it now clearly appeared , that those who had been so long extolling the volunteers , and charging others with undervaluing them , now admitted that the system would be at an end of itself , without large public aid : so it was not what government did , or proposed , that caused the volunteers to disband . It was expressly stated that they must disband , if they did not obtain support from the public purse . could not but observe , that this was giving a new and important turn to the debate . It was no longer the plan and speech of his right hon . friend that had discouraged and disgusted the volunteers ; but it would now appear , that if they are to receive only the same allowance that was granted them by the former administration , they must go right about and disband themselves . Was it then the plan of the right hon . gent . now no more , to have increased that allowance , and that under a conviction , that without such an increase the volunteers would not continue their services . Indeed , the former administration felt this difficulty ; and Mr. Pitt , like every man of sense , must have foreseen what it would ultimately come to ; but did the late administration come forward and propose such increase ? He might therefore congratulate himself , and his right hon . friend , that , after all the hue and cry that had so industriously been raised against his measures , as tending to discourage and disband the volunteers , it now was confessed by those who reprobated them as so destructive of the volun- 326 teer system , that this system was likely to dissolve , not because any such measures had been proposed by his right hon . friend , but because an increase of allowance was not to be made them ; which increase had never been proposed or held out to them at any former period . observed , that though the want of means might tend to reduce the volunteer establishment , he did not think it could he denied , that certain of the regulations of the new plan ( some of which he approved ) would operate as discouragements to the volunteers , and to the subscriptions too , which otherwise might have come to their aid