the treasury for military purposes , and also of the expenditure in every way . They were made parties to all contracts formed for military purposes , and they were bound to report to the treasury the state of the expenditure from time to time , all frauds which they should discover , and audit and countersign all military accounts , the same as all other comptrollers . When those offices were constituted , it was thought a hard measure to make the same men auditors of accounts , in cases of expenditure carried on under their own control and direction ; nevertheless it was deemed an useful one , as it rendered the bond of responsibility still stronger . But , though it appeared , that , under the plan instituted by a late right hon . gent. , an endeavour was made to establish a controul over the army expenditure , under the authority of persons appointed for that purpose , yet the effect of that authority had , in a great degree , ceased ; the persons entrusted with the duty , very seldom reported the abuses which had accrued ; and at length their authority fell so much into lassitude and negligence , that large issues of public money had been made for the service of the army , from time to which ought to have been submitted 298 to them , according to the original rules of their institution , but of which they had no Cognizance whatever . He alluded to sums issued for hospital stores and field works , which always form a very extensive branch of the military disbursements , and for which , during six successive years in the late war , a sum of not less than 700,000l . annually was paid to a Mr. Trotter ; and such was the zeal and industry of that ingenious gentleman , and such the variety of avocations in which he was desirous of distinguishing himself for the service of the public , that he was , at one and the same time , the manufacturer of some of the articles of stores , the purveyor of other articles , the contractor for others , the comptroller of the expenditure , and filially the auditor of his own accounts ; besides , generously feeling that after so much zeal and industry exerted for the accommodation of the country in his own person , he was entitled to some remuneration beyond the ordinary class of contractors , he charged 10 per cent . upon the whole expenditure , over and above all other profits upon the articles so furnished ! Another head of account was that of Barracks , in itself an immense field of expenditure , and on which no less than nine millions had been expended in the course of the late war , no part of which bad been submitted to the cognizance of comptrollers ; and though the military commissioners had it in charge to investigate this department , yet so embarrassed were they in their proceedings , by the complicated mass of other accounts through which they had to struggle , that no part of the proceedings of the barrack department had yet been looked into . It was found also , that by the principal persons in several departments , many large sums had been issued to clerks and inferior persons in office for Minor disbursements , of the expenditure of which no account had been passed for years , nor any regular communication made to the chief officer . Such a state of accumulation in the unchecked accounts called loudly for the immediate adoption of some remedy ; and the more so , as already , at two different times , thirty-five assistant clerks had been added to the establishment of the commissioners of accounts , without attaining the end so much desired , and therefore partial remedies must now give place to a system more extensive and efficient . Not only in the expenditure at home and in Europe had these arrears accumulated , but in the West 299 Indies also , where the abuses were