high and powerful situation . Although that noble lord has fulfilled my hopes and expectations in this respect , yet , sir , I am greatly disposed to doubt , whether the plan he has just now suggested is so likely to have the desired effect as some others that might be submitted to the consideration of the house . It may be remembered , that some time ago , a certificate had been made out and signed by a most respectable body of medical gentlemen , as to the propriety and efficacy of vaccine inoculation . I believe that every medical name of any celebrity , in the city of London and its environs , was attached to that certificate , and , therefore , so far as the effect of such a mode of procedure , as relates to medical men could go , it has already been tried . Undoubtedly there have been various rumours circulated and arguments raised against the practice of inoculation for the cow pox , and every one has heard of some individual instances of failure , and it has unfortunately happened , that many of these failures have originated through the imprudent management even of its best friends . Many persons have taken upon them to give this disorder , without any study , relying upon the bare description they had re- 886 ceived of it , believing this to be sufficient to enable any individual to pronounce upon its real character , and to practise it with success and the utmost safety . This , I believe , has been carried too far , and consequently there have been instances in which persons have been inoculated with the vaccine matter , who have had no true disease ; hence some have had the natural , and others the inoculated small pox , at some distance of time after such imperfect operation . To this kind of mismanagement I am inclined to attribute the foundation of the various publications which have tended to retard the progress of this valuable and important discovery . What I conceived as a preferable and more practicable course of procedure , in regard to the object which the noble lord has in view , would be , that a committee of the house of commons , and another of the house of lords , should be appointed to enquire into the actual state of the disease , and to receive evidence as to its progress and effects . When the last measure was adopted by the house of commons , upon this same subject , various cases were brought forward by persons who said that the practice of inoculation amounted to a failure ; such cases were heard by the committee with the greatest impartiality , yet we all know how favourable their ultimate report to the house was as to its success . Upon these grounds I can not help thinking that another report of a similar nature with the former , being presented to the house , would be attended with much greater advantages than merely a report or certificate , from the college of physicians , and would be much more congenial to the inclinations and feelings of the people of this country . The one might be considered as being biassed by prejudice , but the other universally as acting with the greatest impartiality for the general good of the nation . Although I agree with the noble lord , that compulsory measures , in such cases ought carefully to be avoided , if possible ; at the same time I think there is another , method which may be adopted With absolute justice and propriety . Although we can not force people to inoculate with the vaccine matter , in preference to that of the small pox , yet we may impose certain rules , or restrictions , on those who do put the latter practice into 887 execution upon their children . This would contribute greatly to secure the public against the effects of contagion , in the same manner as is done in the case of the plague . The