charged upon them . From the illegal manner in which these creditors acted , they could not be said to have any just title to recover . In proof of this , he read an extract from the publications , forbidding any of the company 's servants to lend money to the native princes , at a higher interest than 12l . per cent . and making void all obligations bearing a higher rate of interest . In confirmation of this statement , he was fortified by the opinion of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) who had paid great and laudable attention to all India subjects ; who had passed , encompassed with the greatest difficulties , many years of his life in India ; and , after having made a moderate fortune by the most irreproachable means , returned to this country with a character unsullied and uncontaminated by the vices and abuses which he left behind him.—He then dwelt upon the various obligations and letters of attorney granted by the princes of Arcot , to Germans , English , Greeks , Armenians , & c. which , after being rejected by the government in India , stood , for a time , at a discount of 99l . per cent . After all , however , by these proceedings , upwards of five millions were actually taken out of the pockets of the several nabobs , He believed , that of the debts now claimed , amounting to 5,600,000l . there was not more than 500.000l . honestly contracted That being the case , he trusted the house would not think their time misemployed in attending to this subject . He did not impute any improper motives or conduct to the commissioners . The gentleman ( Mr , Hobhouse ) , who had brought the measure forward , had for a series of years , on the opposition side of the house , manifested a laudable jealousy of all the measures of government , particularly on subjects of finance , and he was sure he would apply the same jealousy to the present case . Another of the commissioners had passed 25 years in India , and done considerable service to his country without bringing forward any claim on the native powers . The third was a gentleman , who was capable o 286 contributing very essentially to the public service , as he had on other occasions , by his powerful talents , though his application of them in the share that gentleman ( Mr. Fordyce ) had in this business , did not appear to him in the same favourable light Letters of attorney had been executed to him by eleven different persons of different nations , Armenians , Persians , Germans , from which considerable advantages would be derived . It was proposed to appropriate 136,000l . a year to satisfy their claims , upon which there would be a profit to the individual and his heirs , of 6,800l . per annum , until the whole should be liquidated . He came next to the most painful part of his duty . There appeared in the list of the Nabob 's creditors the names of several persons who had held high official stations in the company 's service . Mr. Benfield had received 500,000l. , and appeared a creditor now to the same amount . Another , sir John M'Pherson , he was sorry to find in the same list a creditor to the amount of 102,000l . ( The hon . member here proposed to have a report made by a select committee in 1785 , on the transactions of the Carnatic read , with a view to shew the grounds upon which such claims rested . ) The clerk had proceeded a considerable way in reading the report , which commented with some severity on certain transactions relative to the Carnatic , in which the gentleman referred to was concerned , when submitted , whether it would be desirable to have the time of the house occupied with hearing long reports read on every individual creditor on the