He was aware , that in some cases the commissioners took the liberty to order the attendance of clerks on Sundays . In cases of urgent necessity , with respect to public business , he , perhaps , should not decidedly object to that —but upon the grounds on which he had stated , as well as those advanced by the right rev . prelate , he was of opinion , the holidays to which he referred should , at least , be retained on the present occasion.—The question was put on the first amendment , and negatived . Strangers were ordered to withdraw , but no division took place , and the bill passed through the committee and was reported . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration his majesty 's message relative to lord Rodney . His lordship stated that a pension of 2000l . per annum had been granted to the first lord Rodney for the eminent services rendered by him to his majesty and the public ; 1000l . was to devolve after his death to his widow and younger children ; the remaining 1000l . to his eldest son for his natural life . His eldest son , the late lord Rodney , enjoyed the pension but a short time after his father 's death , and it was now proposed to continue that pension to the present lord . There were several who heard him that were old enough to remember the brilliant victory gained by the distinguished officer who first possessed this title , a victory which , independent of its own importance , was of the most essential benefit to the country at that time , when the circumstances of the country were not the most pleasing , and when our military character had been lessened . It was true , that the pension referred to in his majesty 's message was granted for services antecedent to that victory , but not on that account the less important , which , on the contrary , entitled that distinguished officer to every mark of approbation from his country . As to the principle on which these remunerations were granted , there could not exist the slightest doubt of its being one of the best principles on which parliament could act . A reward of this nature granted for eminent services diffused an additional spirit over a whole profession , and stimulated every one engaged in it , to seize every opportunity of exerting to the utmost his skill and ability in the service of his country , confident that his success would receive a grateful reward , and that , if he fell , an ample provision would be made for his family . Public economy was at all times necessary , but that was the best public economy which afforded the best assurance of public services , and nothing could be more important than that those who were fighting the battles of their country should be thoroughly convinced , that if they were not wanting to their country their country would not he wanting to them , and that whilst England expected every man to do his duty , she was at all times ready to do her duty to them . He thought it was at all times adviseable , where his majesty was advised to bestow a peerage for eminent services , and where a pension was granted 920 with it , to annex such pension to the title , in order to enable its possessors in succession the better to support their rank and dignity . He had no doubt that at any future period , if the present lord should have successors to the title , that parliament would readily grant the pension to the possessors of the title in succession . Under the present circumstances of the case , it was only intended to propose to grant the pension to the present lord Rodney for his natural life ; at any future period parliament would of course act according to the nature of the circumstances then existing . His lordship concluded by moving an