, the latter was not in a condition to forego the protection of it , and allow this country an advantage . The doctrine of the right hon . gentleman , that because an article was not found in the first schedule of the act he had quoted , a countervailing duty was not to extend to it , was quite new , and extremely dangerous . said , he did not mean that it was not competent to parliament to extend that duty ; but he would ask , since the right hon . gentleman seemed so strenuous for the countervailing duty , why it had not been called for in the case of the duty on cotton wool , which had been imposed since the union ? said , that the duty was only a penny per pound , and not an object of great consequence , and he thought no omission ought to be pleaded as a precedent for not now pursuing the right course . said , he was glad to see the principle of the union so well agreed upon . Undoubtedly , a countervailing duty ought to be laid in either country , for a duty imposed on the other ; and , therefore , the tax now proposed would have the effect of equalizing what , by the increase of duty is this country , since the union , without a countervailing duty in Ireland , had been made unequal . He hoped the right hon . baronet would make the duties in Ireland perpetual , instead of annual and uncertain , as they now are . spoke at some length on the necessity of immediately remedying any breach or omission of the enactments of the act of union . He thought the tax on iron would have the effect of destroying the produce of the duty already imposed . said , he was not a friend to the duty upon Iron ; but he submitted to it as the best in the choice of evils . When gentlemen objected to a tax because it affected the manufactures , and condemned the measures by which the right hon . baronet was to raise a considerable revenue , would they be so good as to point out what course of taxation could possibly be adopted , by which the manufactures of the country would not be affected ? He would not accede to the duty on iron , if it violated a principle of the union ; but it did not appear to him to do so . The duty on sugar , as sufficient was provided without it to cover the loan , was imposed because a duty was also imposed , in England ; and he 335 considered it to be intended as a security for the future interest of the loan , in addition to the faith of parliament . He admitted , the iron duty was rather a strong measure ; but he did not know any that would be less severely felt.—Sir William Young , Mr. Parnell , and Mr , Huskisson , said a few words in opposition to the taxes.—On account of a verbal omission which Mr. Foster pointed out , the committee did not proceed in the bill ; but the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow . preparatory to a motion which he proposed to bring forward to-morrow , relating to the Public Accounts at present unaudited , observed , that a noble lord ( H. Petty ) had , last night , detailed to the house such a series of accounts , respecting the issues and disbursements of public money for military expenditure , during a period of above twenty years , as could not fail to excite great anxiety in the mind of the public , as well as in that of the house , that this subject should undergo the most minute and radical investigation . In that anxiety no man more deeply participated than himself : he was desirous that the business should be probed to the very bottom ; that whoever were the persons upon