with any corps in the field . thought the best way would be to let the hon . gentlemen answer each other . Some of them objected to the bill , because it destroyed the system of equality which existed among the volunteers , while others objected to it because it introduced equality . With respect to putting the volunteers on the August allowance , he certainly approved it highly , as he thought it would be the greatest injustice , that one body of men should receive 85 days pay , when another would receive only 26 . It had been said by some , that this measure would only tend to increase the volunteers , and , by others , that there would not be room for so great an augmentation . These , he thought , were reasons which might be allowed to pair off together ; but he could not help observing , that there would be one advantage in it , namely , that the country would have the service of so many men for nothing . The hon . gent . concluded by saying , that his chief reason for approving of the measure was not the immediate advantage that would be derived from it , though he did not wish to undervalue the services of 200,000 men , trained for 26 days , but because he thought that it would infuse a military spirit into the country , which would render it invulnerable . thought this bill would have the effect of rendering the volunteer system permanent , and was therefore of opinion , that the discipline of the volunteers should be rendered permanent , with a view to which object he had an amendment to propose . asserted , that the opinion which the volunteers had been naturally induced to form , as to the views of the right hon . author of this bill , had served materially to damp their zeal and diminish their numbers . In support of this assertion 912 the noble lord stated , that he had the honour to command a corps of volunteers , which consisted of 460 strong and effective men , 12 months ago , but which at the last muster returned no more than 80 . A similar reduction was , he apprehended , to be generally looked for , from the language and projects of the right hon . secretary . believed the measure under discussion to be the most inefficient and inoperative that had ever been presented to parliament ; yet its inoperation was its only merit . called upon the learned gent . on the ministerial bench ( the lord Advocate of Scotland ) who was not present on a former evening when this measure was under discussion , to state his opinion upon the propriety of extending it to Scotland . If there was any benefit in the measure , the noble lord could not conceive that , neon any principle of fairness , Scotland should be refused a participation of it ; and if it were a burthen , he did not think it fair that it should be confined altogether to England . There were many parts of Scotland to which this bill would be as applicable as to this country , and there was no danger of its meeting with anti such opposition as the execution of the militia law formerly did . But that opposition was not , in fact , the effect of the militia , but of that disaffection to the government which , he was happy to think , was now no more . was surprised at the line and tone adopted by his noble relation who had just sat down , and those who acted with him . They maintained , that this measure would involve a breach of faith , and an invasion of the king 's prerogative ; would be productive of great expence and oppression ; acid yet , said they , 'give a. share of this abomination to Scotland . ' They had been abusing the bill for sonic weeks , asserting that it would lead