had not taken the course had done , he should himself have objected to the motions altogether , but now he certainly should not . said , he was aware that granting motions for papers was attended with some expence , but all he had hitherto moved for , were comprised in two sheets and a half , and therefore he could not be much reproached on that head at present . He assured the house , and the right hon . secretary , he was sincere in his intention to proceed into the inquiry , and would be ready to begin to-morrow , for the more he looked into it , the more he saw it was an absolute refinement on peculation , and could not be stopped too speedily ; and he wished only that he had one of those peculators before an honest jury . The report of the military board he looked upon as a hash , seasoned up with the account of the one per cent . charged by General Delancey , by way of shewing they had noticed something at the outset ; but they had begun at the wrong end . Instead of going back 13 years , so far as the year 1793 , they should have begun with the present abuses . It they had begun right , a report would now have been before the house , by which half a million might have been saved ; and he was determined , the system of plunder which had been so long carried on , should not continue . Every hour that was lost , was an injustice , and an injury to the public . He warned the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whom he now saw in his place , against neglecting to go into an immediate and bon fide inquiry , observing , that if he did so , he would have to answer to him in the next session for loss of half a million of the public money . He had heard much of the talents of this broad bottomed administration . He wished to God he could persuade them to give up some of their enormous pensions and sinecure places , and thus bring their talents of gold and their talents of silver into the service of the public . Let them do this , and then he would allow them to talk of their sincerity . If ministers neglected enquiry , he would tell them , they had not a leg to stand on . They might , perhaps , go on for a year or two , but it was impossible they should last longer . If economy was not the order of the day , how long did ministers think that the country could go on ? Would not extravagance force the people to accept an insecure peace , which they did not wish for at present ? What the public wanted was economy , and a strict inquiry into the public expenditure ; and covered as they were with taxes , how was it possible for them to have an opinion of that administration that did not follow up inquiry ? 1256 Admiral Markham had declared that two thirds of the money granted by parliament would pay all the expences of the navy , and yet as much as ever was taken this year . This was absolutely a laughing at the people . How long , he would ask , were these things to last ? next moved : `` That there be laid before the house , a return of the sales which have taken place at the several , temporary barracks or buildings , rented or hired by government , and used as barracks , or as barrack storehouses , in the whole of G. Britain . That the said return do embrace all such sales of the description aforesaid , that have been made between the 1st of Jan. 1793 , and the 24th June , 1806 ; and that it be exhibited in nine columns in the order , and with the titles following . Viz—