by ten millions additional.—It was obvious , that the system of liquidation now to be pursued should be of a description to be rapidly operative in peace , else the Company , in case of an early recurrence of war , might be exposed to have its Surplus Revenue absorbed in defraying the charge of new loans , and thus find itself deprived upon a peace even of the existing means of liquidation.—The past intervals of peace since our connection with India , have not been found such as to justify us in being satisfied with paying off debt only at the rate intended in 1803 , when the gross 1236 amount of debt did not exceed 18,000,000l . Under these circumstances , the natural remedy and resource for the Company to look to , was , on the return of peace , to repair , with the least possible delay , the misfortune of having been obliged to raise since 1793 all their loans abroad . For this purpose , he would recommend that not less than 20,000,000l . of the debt owing in India should be transferred to Europe , with as much rapidity as its transfer could be arranged , or funds remitted from hence for its liquidation . The immediate saving of interest on this transaction alone , would be nearly 4 per cent . at once adding about 800,000l . a year to the Company 's . surplus . —Some gentlemen had spoken with alarm of the proportion of the Indian debt , of which payment was demandable in Europe : the amount was stated to be 17,000,00l , He believed the securities which gave an option to the holders to transfer their debts to Europe , might not fall short in the aggregate of this sum , but from the terms of remittance to which they were entitled , the amount which would really come home , he believed , was not likely to exceed 7,000,000l . He was not , however , disposed to draw any consolation from this circumstance . He should deem it rather desirable that the whole 17,000,000l . should come home , as it would additionally impel the Company to make arrangements for converting so much of the Indian into a European debt . He was satisfied that they had the means of doing so with great advantage to their affairs ; and if he was desirous of seeing this measure thus in some degree forced upon them , it was from an apprehension that , where the inconvenience was operating at a distance , men were always less disposed to make an effort out of the ordinary course of management , than when it was directly pressed upon their attention.—The means of giving complete effect to this plan , he admitted to depend in a great measure on the return of peace . During war , the Company could not , with the same advantage , add to their capital , nor could they , without some inconvenience to the state , add materially to the amount of the loan , which time market was called on to supply for the public service . To a certain extent he was however of opinion , even in war it should be attempted ; reserving till the peace the execution of the measure in its full extent . —The amount of funds required for this conversion of debt was much beyond what the Company , without great inconvenience , 1237 could obtain merely by an extension of their capital stock , as money thus raised was procured by creating a debt in its nature not redeemable . He was of opinion that the sum to be raised in this manner , ought not very materially to exceed what the Company were at present entitled by law to borrow , namely , 2,000,000l . which being subscribed for at 200l . per cent . and upwards , that not being too high an estimate of its peace value , would produce above 4,000,000l . sterling.—The remaining 16,000,000l . he should propose to borrow upon the security of the territorial revenues guaranteed