said message be referred to the consideration of the committee of the whole house , to whom it is referred to consider further of the supply granted to his majesty . moved the order of the day for the 3d reading of this bill . to make a few observations on that part of the bill , which suspended the ballot for the militia . The ballot was already suspended as to those regiments that were above their establishment ; but the suspension ought not , in his opinion , to be extended to those which wee below their establishment . This diminution of their numbers had been the effect of volunteering into the line . As to the plan of substituting a bounty , instead of the ballot , he thought it subversive of the principles on which the militia service was founded , namely , the prerogative of the king to call out a part of the people in defence of the country . From this it followed , of course that the service was in its nature compulsory and that a ballot must be employed to prevent arbitrary restrictions to particular classes . Ballot had accordingly been hitherto successfully employed fur this purpose . He then contended , that compulsory service in the navy would be rendered more like some and invidious , by doing away the ballot for the militia . As 904 to the system of ballot bearing unequally on the rich and the poor , he maintained that this was precisely on the same footing with the other advantages which were derived from wealth . The rich , in this as in other cases , procured others to do that for them , which the poor were compelled to do for themselves . observed , that he intended to propose a clause , by way of rider , which would do away the objections of the hon . baronet . While the militia was on he whole above that establishment which had been thought sufficient , there were some regiments considerably below it ; and this clause would leave it in the power of the crown to raise such reduced regiments up to their complement , whenever it might seem proper . This measure would keep alive the idea of ballot ; and as to the question of bounty , since it was not proposed , at present , to have recourse to it , he would leave it open for future discussion.—The bill was then read a third time , and Mr. W. brought up a clause , enabling his majesty , if he shall think fit , to direct the ballot to take place , for supplying vacancies in regiments reduced below their establishment . This clause was then made part of the bill , by way of rider , and the bill was passed . The report of the committee on the Training bill was then brought up ; and on the question being put , that the report be now read , said , that he thought the country had reason to complain that ministers had delayed bringing this measure forward till so late a period of the session , when it was now impossible to ascertain the real sense of parliament on the subject . It was certainly desirable , considering the wild notions which have been lately introduced into the construction of the regular army , and that it was intended to suspend the laws which relate to the militia , that an efficient force should somewhere be created on which the country might rely in case of any unexpected emergence : but disapproving of the principles on which this bill was founded , and the provisions it contained , he did not consider it as that best calculated for such a purpose . It very much resembled the plan brought forward at the commencement of the war , in many respects , though it essentially differed from it both in the 905 circumstances of the country at the time it was suggested , and in some of the must prominent features of its character . The former