charge any individual with a criminal misapplication of the public money : I am only desirous to do justice , and to ascertain where the fault lies ; and I believe the Barrack-master-general will turn out to be a very ill-used man , in the delay of settling his accounts . appealed to the house , whether government could be said to have lost any time in proceeding on the suggestions of the Report of the Military Commissioners . He had himself made a distinct statement to the house on the subject of that report . He did not deny the right of a member of parliament to interfere with the enquiry delegated to the commissioners . He only appealed to the hon . gent 's discretion ; an appeal of which , after what he had just heard , he should be inclined to doubt the success . recommended to the hon . gent . to substitute the word `` buildings '' instead of `` barns , '' and to make the motion general . thanked the hon . gent. , but would defer that till another day . The question was then put upon the first motion and agreed to . The hon . gent . then moved , for a `` copy of a letter to the late secretary at war , dated 29th Dec. 1805 , from the then Barrack-master of Sandown bay division , inclosing proposals on , the part of Mr. James Day of Brading , for the building of a Barrack at Brading '' wished the hon . gent . would explain to the house what . was the object of his motion , and the nature of the letter . observed , that he was prepared to give an answer , but he thought he was entitled to the papers , Upon the grounds he bad already stated . He ob served , that there seemed a disposition to resist him in every step he advanced upon the subject , instead of thanking him for his endeavours to expose to the house a system of delinquency in the public expenditure . His object in moving for this paper , the contents of which he already knew , was to produce what the learned gent . would call legal evidence . having looked at the written Copy of the motion , wished to know whe- 242 ther the letter alluded to , was a letter to or from the secretary at war . From , sir , if you please . The hon . member having in his verbal motion spoken of the letter which is the subject of it , as being a letter from the secretary at war , and the written motion being for a letter to the secretary at war , the object of my question is to know which the hon . gent . meant . To , sir , if you please ; as it is written in the paper now in your hand.— [ A laugh . ] said , he was confident that if his hon . friend had not felt himself perfectly acquainted with the business he had undertaken and the objects of the motion he had offered , he would not have moved them . His hon . friend had moved for papers upon a subject of grave and serious importance , no less than a gross and corrupt profusion of the public money , to which it was at all times the duty of that house to attend ; and he thought his hon . friend had experienced a levity of treatment ill comporting with the gravity of the house , or the respect due to one of its members . was not aware that there was any ground for the charge of levity , when the house had discovered every disposition to grant the information required . He trusted the house would act always with becoming gravity , and .that when the papers granted for its information were produced , it would not countenance any proceeding upon them derogatory to the commission it had appointed . did not think it decent