perseverance and patriotism they so eminently display in continuing to be associated for that object . `` —The motion was seconded by Mr. Vansittart . then said , that , however painful it might be to his feelings , thinking so highly as he did of the zeal and patriotism of the volunteers , yet when he considered the nature of the debate that had taken place that night , and the diversity of opinions that had been manifested , he felt himself called upon to move the previous question . observed , that though the present motion fell short of what he had wished ; yet having failed in his first object , this motion should have his cordial support . said , that no man was a warmer friend to the volunteers than he was ; but he could not see any present call for such a measure . It was a possible event that peace was at no great distance , when it would be much better to pass a vote of thanks to the volunteers when their services were finished , then it would be to anticipate such a vote at present . supported the amendment , and concluded with observing , that he trusted that a time would come , when a motion for thanks would be proposed that was not dictated by party motives , or the fancy of individuals . expressed his astonishment that the noble lord should ascribe a motion to party motives , that was proposed by a distinguished member of the administration to which he belonged , and that had been seconded by an honourable secretary . He would therefore leave it to these gentlemen to determine which were influenced by party motives . Those gentlemen who had formerly supported a vote of thanks , were equally bound to do so now . said , that , having formerly concurred in a vote of this nature , he felt it impossible to refuse concurring with it now . A division then took place , and there 1120 appeared—For the previous question , 69 ; against it , 39 ; majority , 30.—The house then adjourned at four o'clock on Saturday morning . On the second reading of the bill for more effectually partitioning lands in Ireland subject to ascertaining rights of common , lord Redesdale made several observations , for the purpose of proving , from the nature and provisions of the bill , that it ought not to be further entertained by the house , and concluded by moving , that the bill be rejected . The motion was supported by lord Eldon and the lord Chancellor , and agreed to.—The Usher of the Black Rod having appeared at the bar , and informed the house that the commons were ready for a conference in the Painted Chamber , a committee of conference was appointed , consisting of the earl of Westmeath , the earl of Limerick , lord Carleton , the bishop of Winchester , the bishop of Ossory , lord Redesdale , and lord Arden , who went forth to the Painted Chamber . On their return , the earl of Westmeath reported to the house , that they had received from Mr. Bankes , on the part of the committee of commons , a paper which his lordship read , containing a resolution of the commons ( relative to a former resolution of their lordships , communicated to the commons , respecting the examination of lord Teignmouth ) referring to the precedent of the examination of the earl of Balcarras before the house , who , not being a peer of parliament , was ordered to attend the house , whilst , on the same occasion , earl Cornwallis , being a peer of . parliament , was requested to attend by a message to the house of lords ; also stating that lord Teignmouth , not being a peer of parliament , or having a place or seat in the house of lords , was , in the same manner as the earl of Balcarras , ordered to attend the commons to be examined ;