retain all the inconveniencies of our colonial system . You are obliged to burthen your people with very heavy duties , for the purpose of supporting this colonial produce , and you are now giving up the advantages of that produce to America : you are now giving to America more than if you were about to enter into a treaty , to cede to her the whole of your colonies for ever ; for , in that case , you would say to her , Since you must have the colonies to yourselves you must take the burthen of them as well as the advantages ; but , instead of that , we give to America the choice , at least , of taking all the advantages , without their being liable to one of the burthens of the West India colonies.—But the hon . baronet ( sir W. Young ) was pleased to state , that it was wise to repeal your navigation laws in part , for the sake of restoring your commerce . I will not argue the general proposition of what is of a superior , or what of a subordinate or secondary nature ; whether commerce is not essential to the support of the nation , and , consequently , to our naval strength ; 1003 and whether , without commerce , we could support the state , or could have a navy : these are general propositions , which , as I have said already , I have no inclination to dispute ; for , I always distrust them in argument , because I am never sure that they apply to the case in discussion . The general proposition of the hon . baronet therefore , that the protection of trade is essential to the welfare of the empire , I do not dispute ; but the question is this—is the bill now before us of that description which will tend to the protection of trade in the manner which the hon . baronet supposes ? Of what use is it that we should hear stated and established these general propositions which are true in all cases , unless the measure now before us falls within their policy ? I may , on the other hand , with as much truth say , and insist upon it , as a counter-proposition , that just in proportion as you surrender your navigation you surrender your commerce . But the question is , whether the case , as it arises out of this bill , comes under the one or the other of these propositions . I alledge it does : I do say that , by this bill , you lay the foundation of the ruin of your trade , by the surrender of your navigation : I do say that , by this bill , you surrender your navigation to a degree that is absolutely extravagant , besides being a total surrender of the power of parliament to revise what may be done under it , such as hitherto has been the habit from year to year . See what the necessity , which ministers contend to be the foundation of this bill , will lead them to , and does lead them to—that of surrendering the navigation of this country , so as to put the American shipping on a footing with the British ? That would be a pretty strong thing for a British parliament to consent to ; but this is much stronger , for here you relax your navigation law , in favour of American shipping , to a degree to which it never was relaxed in favour of British shipping . Sir , I do not know that the framers of this bill know it , but it most unquestionably is the fact , that the trade to be carried on with the colonies , in British shipping , is confined to certain specified articles ; whereas , to the American shipping , it is unconfined and unlimited . For , when once the American fillips are got into your colonies , they may take the produce of