the abandonment of any of the privileges of parliament . finding the sense of the house was against him , proposed to withdraw the resolution . He then moved—6 . That all demands outstanding , under any of the following heads of service , viz . Treasury , Navy , Army , Ordnance , and Barracks , ' and which shall remain unsatisfied on the 5th of Jan. aforesaid , be carried to the charge of the ensuing year ; but inasmuch as the amount of these demands may be considered as floating debts from year to year , that provision should be made , in the supply of each year , for the discharge of such part of them only , as , upon the estimates to be laid before the house for these several services , may be stated to be an excess of such floating debt at the commencement , over and above the amount at which it may probably remain at the close of such year ; and that the amount of such probable excess ( if any ) be regularly stated in , and form a part of , the several estimates aforesaid . '' 7 . `` That an account of all such floating debts be laid annually before this house , in the same manner , and at the same time , as the account required by the 4th of these resolutions . '' 8 . `` That the annual surplus , or growing produce of the consolidated fund of Great Britain ( forming part of the ordinary annual revenue ) , and now granted for one year , terminating on the 5th of April next , in case it should be 1126 thought fit , at the expiration of that period , to continue the grant of the same , be further granted from the said 5th of April , 1807 , to the 5th of Jan. 1808 , and from thenceforth , from year to year , so that the grant of each successive year should terminate on the 5th of Jan. of the year ensuing . '' 9 . `` That , in the account annually laid before parliament , intituled , —An account of the disposition of grants for Great Britain , ' the amount of each separate vote or grant of this house , as enumerated in the appropriation act , the sum paid upon each such vote , and the sum ( if any ) remaining to be issued from the exchequer , be specified separately and distinctly ; and that this account be made up to , and closed on , the 5th of Jan. in each year , and not carried on to any later period . '' availed himself of this opportunity to observe , that it was impossible to follow the resolutions as they were read ; he suggested the propriety of printing them before they were agreed to , more especially as there was no urgent necessity for their being immediately agreed to by the house . reminded the hon . gent . that by the constant practice of the house , every resolution was printed . No resolution had the force of law . It was merely a recorded opinion , which the house might subsequently change . hoped the hon . gent . did not mean to originate any bills on these resolutions , during the present session . replying that he did not , the resolutions were agreed to . finding that the resolutions of the hon . gent . did not go so far as he had expected , said , he would submit to the house certain Financial Propositions relative to the national debt , & c. similar to those which he had been in the habit of submitting for the last two years . He did this without notice , because it was his intention , immediately after the reading of the first resolution , to move that the debate on it should be adjourned to a future day . The first resolution was then read , and the debate was adjourned to Friday . The