be near so great in future , as the principal part of it , arising from desertion , would he in a great measure done away . He was much more sanguine in his expectation of immediate success than his right hon . friend , and conceived that it was in his character a trait of that generous policy , which , according to the practice of our ancestors , legislated as much for the good of posterity as for the present time . Some gentlemen had said , `` we were well enough as we were . '' Whoever would look on the 537 map of Europe , and see nothing but France , excepting the territories of our magnanimous allies , the emperor of Russia and the king of Sweden , could hardy bring himself to think that `` we were well enough as we were . '' He concluded by expressing his firm conviction , that this would not only be a most efficient measure , but that , in time , it would be a very popular one . He had conversed with many military officers on the subject , and they had all , without exception , considered that the army would be benefited by it . He also had Conversed with several soldiers who had been discharged , and they all agreed that such a measure would be `` the making of the army . '' This , he was sure , would be the general feeling of all the soldiers in the army , and of all those classes from which soldiers were to be obtained , and he therefore thought that the measure was the most likely for rapidly recruiting the army . said , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) looked to the army not as an Englishman and a soldier , but as a philosopher , and as a philosopher of a very bad school , who knew nothing of the human mind on which his speculations were to operate . He had had some experience of limited service in Portugal , when the baron de Rolle , who had the command of a Swiss regiment , did not dare put them to ordinary duty , lest those whose time was expiring should quit the military life . Then wit , imagination , history , and every tiling else was pressed into the debate , excepting what belonged to it , for the mere purpose of doing what the lawyers called `` blinking the question . '' Among the rest , the French service was held up as an example , and he would admit the wisdom of the maxim , Fas est , et ab hoste doceri ; but in the present case the precedents adduced had either no application at all , or were opposed to the argument of the right honourable gentleman . The truth was , the officers of the army had been heartily tired of the prolixity of ministers . Colonel Manly Power had written a letter , stating that he was gaping for what Mr. Windham 's plans would be ; that he was completely sick of waiting for the system , and that he had applied for a months absence , as every thing was at a stand still . He added , that he had removed his small battalion , and that his men were doubled by the additional force bill ; and further , that every man fit for general service had volunteered into it on receiving the bounty . An hon . 538 gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) had talked of Roman discipline , and then had reverted to his favourite republic ; but what applied to the Roman phalanx mid legion was wholly inapplicable to modern warfare . The hon . judge Advocate had spoken of Scotland , as of a country peculiarly sensible where money was concerned , as if the Irish and English were not equally susceptible of the mercenary feeling . The general did not understand either the policy or the propriety of this local reasoning . From the view he took