to take the most speedy and practicable means to abolish it . Surely , if it were the sense of the house to adopt , in the present session , any measure more prompt and efficient for the purpose , this resolution would oppose no impediment to a purpose so desirable . The noble lord who had just sat down had said the resolution was vague and indefinite . Its object , he conceived to be .unequivocally explicit , and its purpose to revive the resolution of the house in 1792 , which had not been acted upon . It was not his wish at this moment , to enter into a general discussion upon the Slave Trade , for what could there be offered to the house in vindication of a commerce so detestable , but arguments already refuted , and assertions long since disproved ? It was hardly fair to say , the house had not done any thing in pursuance of its former resolution ; for in the session before last it had passed a bill for the purpose , which was rejected in the other house of parliament , and . another was brought in last session , which miscarried , owing to the accident of a thin house , and a concerted plan to defeat the measure . He knew well that sometimes corrupt systems 591 were long continued in nations that had not courage to enquire into them ; but that was not the case in this country with respect to this system , because there had been no want of courage to enquire into it ; and after the opinion expressed by the committee , who in 1792 had investigated the subject with the most patient deliberation ; whose opinions , and the evidence upon which they were founded , stand recorded on the journals of the house ; and who solemnly declared , that this most atrocious traffic had been , and continued to be , carried on in the most wanton and barbarous manner , could any argument be necessary now to prove the propriety of its abolition ? Or could the house feel the necessity of longer delay , when they were told , that since the adoption of those resolutions to abolish this infamous trade , no less than 360,000 wretched individuals had been torn from the coast of Africa , in consequence of war , and violence , fomented for the purpose of seizing and consigning them to slavery in the West Indies . An hon . general had said , that if this trade were to be abolished , his constituents of Liverpool must come to that house for compensation , and that a great source of revenue must be destroyed : be it so , at any expence , rather than hold the detestable principle , that the debts of England were to be paid with the blood of Africa . The noble lord had said , that the progress of abolition must be gradual , and that it could only be effected in concert with our West India planters . In such a case , indeed , the prospect must not only be far distant , but utterly hopeless , as the Planters were a set of men whose assent could never be obtained ; and he would beg leave to refer to the former correspondence of lord Seymour and the West India planters on this subject , to show their intention to blindfold and mislead parliament upon the subject . He trusted the house , in its final decision , would not be guided by such testimony . said , that with respect to the Abolition of the Slave Trade , unless the house did something effectual , they would do a great deal of mischief ; for the subject would now be stirred afresh ; it would go abroad , and be talked of in other places ; it would be agitated with warmth in the colonies , where it would rouse feelings that had in a great measure subsided , raise expectations that would be disappointed , and , in fact ,