total amount of our effective force at home and abroad , including the troops serving in India ; and the second battalions . He should take their number at the following periods : 1st of January 1806 , 240,953 ; 1st of May 1806 , 250,994 ; making an increase of 10,041 men . It appeared , therefore , that while our army was increased by above 10,000 men , the expence of it would be diminished by near half a million . His majesty 's government might therefore take credit for having provided an army on much cheaper terms than their predecessors . After the head of guards and garrisons , the next head which presented itself was , that of the regiments serving in India ; but , as the East-India company paid the whole expence , he should not state them in the estimates . Next came the recruiting establishment , for the regiments which came under the same observations . The next head was , the recruiting staff contingencies for the supply of the army . This had been estimated last year at 50,000l . recruiting establishment , 50,000l .. contingencies , and 25,000l . for the recruiting establishment in Ireland . The same sum would be Sufficient for the present year , although a somewhat greater proportion should be allowed for the recruiting establishment in Ireland . In the next head the hon . general ( Tarleton ) would find some of those reductions which he had been looking for , and that was in the general staff of the army . The estimated reduction was 54,553l. , but the real reduction would be considerably more , and would , as he supposed , amount to 90,000l . This difference would proceed in a great measure from the discontinuance of the Brigadier-Generals to inspect the volunteer corps , who were in future to be inspected by more subordinate officers . There would be also a reduction in the expence of the militia , on account of the number who entered from the militia into the regular army . The next estimate he had to state , With great pleasure , was respecting the volunteers 309 He hoped this statement would do away the unfounded alarm which had prevailed very generally about the supposed intention of government towards the volunteers . It would shew that as ample a provision was made for keeping up that body as was consistent with the rules of economy . The chief difference was with respect to the volunteer officers . It was intended that for the future they should not in any case have the command of field officers of the line . When he recollected how zealously and meritoriously those gentlemen had come forward in the defence of the country , he could hardly believe there was a single volunteer officer who would be dissatisfied at not being allowed the command over officers who had been regularly bred . The estimates for the volunteers were as follow : for the last year , 1,600,000l . ; for the present , 1,028,000l . ; total of saving , 572,000l . This sum included 132,000l . for clothing , which would fall in after the present year . The right hon . secretary then read the different items which formed the total sum at which he reckoned the saving in the expences for volunteers : among the principal items was 298,000l . to be saved by discontinuing the permanent duty ; 50,000l . ; by discontinuing the ten days ' exercise when permanent duty was not required ; and for discontinuing the matching guinea , 198,000l . He also stated other reductions that would take place from reducing the pay of the drill serjeants from 1s . 6d . a day to 2s . 6d . per week ; as also in the expence of the field-officers . After a few general observations , he moved his first resolution , which was , `` That 121,529 men should be voted for the regular army of the united kingdom , from the 25th of June till the 24th of December , both