subject of enlisting for a term of years , or for any other military arrangement ; and those who supported the bill now proposed 25 to be repealed , entered at large into all the points of the military plan of his rt . hon . friend , as if the present bill ought not to be repealed if any fault could be found with any part of that military plan . The real state of the matter was this : that military plan , embracing as it did , a variety of points , was opened altogether by way of public convenience , that the outline of it might be seen at one view ; but it did not thence follow that none of these parts should afterwards be discussed in detail separately ; on the contrary , they must be so from their very nature . It might as well be said , when his noble friend opened the Budget , that if any objection could be started against any of the taxes , that therefore the terms of the contract of the loan were bad , or if any objection could be urged against the tax on Iron , or the Property Tax , the whole Budget of taxes must be rejected , however unconnected the rest of the taxes might be with these two . But his rt . hon . friend gave away the produce of the parish bill , because he knew that he was giving away a loss ; and this was warranted by a calculation of that produce , as would appear by comparison . He had at first stated , that the produce of the bill was nothing , he must now state that it was even less , it was a minus quantity . He would not allow that the average of the general recruiting had been fairly taken , for it could not be expected to have been the same during peace and war ; or , that during the operation of the army of reserve act it could produce as many men as it otherwise would have produced ; he should , however , state the actual increase of the army , both by the regular mode of recruiting , and by the assistance of the parish bill , at two different periods . In the months of Oct. Nov. and Dec. 1804 , 88 men only were produced by this bill , and 3058 by general recruiting . In the three corresponding months of the year 1805 there were 913 raised by the act , but by general recruiting only 2388 . On casting up these sums he must allow that the army had increased 152 men in the latter period ; but when he should compare the three months following , Jan. Feb. and March , 1805 , and compare them with the corresponding months of 1806 , he found that in the former there were 525 raised by the bill , and 3562 by general recruiting ; but in the latter period , although there were 661 raised by the bill , there were but 2517 raised by general recruiting . Adding , therefore , those sums together , it appeared there was a deficiency of 909 in the number which the 26 army had gained during the latter period . This statement appeared to him a fair comparison of the effect of the bill at the different periods ; and he should vote for the repeal , if it was for no other reason than because it was evidently an impediment to the present recruiting service of the army.—When the parish bill ceased to give its noxious assistance to the army , more might be fairly expected from the ordinary recruiting . Gentlemen said they had done much with their favourite bill . The child had done something ; but he had kept away the workmen . There was no gent . who could think that it was not a most desirable thing to increase the disposable force . All the arguments he had heard against the plan , did not weigh a feather