and in such an advanced period of the session ; however , in the ensuing session , such an enquiry might be taken up with great advantage ; and , in this view , he had shaped his proposed amendment . The noble lord then moved , `` that instead of 'until six months after the expiration of the war , ' the words '1st day of July , 1807 , ' be inserted . '' On the question being put , made a few observations in favour of the bill in its present shape . A noble and learned lord , said , he observed , on a former evening , that the Bill was new in its principle : it might be so , but it was a change of principle for the bet- 95 ter , as a reference to the experience of six or seven years would evince . The bill went to place the responsibility of the measures to which it referred , where it ought to rest ; besides , the present state of the West-India islands required a regulation of the kind . The noble earl concluded with some remarks upon the superior policy of cultivating a good understanding with , and even the friendship of , the Americans , on the grounds of their similarity in habits , laws , language , origin , and dispositions , with the people of this country , to whom it had often served for an Asylum . observed , that in almost every instance he perceived the incorrectness of the statements and assertions of the friends of the bill ; and he was become still more anxious that the first court of judicature should not lie under the imputation of refusing to hear the complaints of the people , and how their concerns have been misrepresented . He should therefore , notwithstanding his objections to the principle and to the whole measure , agree to the amendment , if he could obtain a fair hearing for the petitioners , and an investigation of the subject . His lordship said , he would state , in proof of the necessity of examining the assertions to which he alluded , what the real state of ship-building is in the port of London . Noble lords had ventured to say , that shipbuilding flourishes even beyond what it has done at any former period , and that the increase of foreign shipping in our trade did not keep pace with the increase in our own shipping . His lordship then read an account of the ships which have been built , or are now building in the river Thames , since December , 1802 , to the present period , viz . For the King 's service eleven ships ; East-India Company seventeen ships ; merchants ' only four ships ; fisheries one ; the whole in three and one-half years , except a very few small vessels ; viz . one sugar , drogher , three hoys for the East-India Company 's service , two ballast lighters , one mortar-boat , and one pleasure yacht . At this moment only two ships ( part of the above four ) are building for the merchants ' service . This melancholy statement he was ready to prove at the bar of the house , and that it was in general the same in every port of the kingdom . As to the assertion , that British shipping in our trade has increased in proportion to the foreign , he should prove , even by the same documents as were made use of by his noble friend , ( lord Auckland ) , and which were known to be exaggerated , 96 that in a period of ten years ending , 1803 , the increase of foreign shipping was threefold , and the increase of foreign shipping so employed , compared with the increase of British shipping , was in the proportion of twelve to one . Or , to consider it according to a scale ; in the year 1789 the proportion which foreign shipping employed in our trade