affected so many of the franchise rights of Ireland , the right hon . bart . would not , in the absence of so many Irish members , press a bill now on the 19th , which was only brought in on the 14th of this month . It was a serious thing to impose a penalty of 1000l . on a returning officer , for omission or neglect ; and 500l . penalty in him , if he was a revenue officer , and gave a casting vote . If the measure was now persisted in , he should oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair . said , that if the gentlemen opposite wished the bill to be well understood by the corporations in Ireland , the best mode of doing it would be , to have the blanks first filled up in the committee , in which all the objections they proposed might be obviated . thought , that as the objections went merely to the clauses , it would be right to go into the committee , and after they were filled up , he understood that his right hon . friend would consent to defer the report for ten days , during which there would be time to collect the sense of the corporations in Ireland . said , he should consent to allow foureen days for consideration , after the blanks were filled up ; but if he deferred it for twelve months , the consequence might be , that a number of electors stood a chance of being deprived of their franchises . did not think a fortnight , by any means , sufficient to collect the sense of the corporations in the distant parts of Ireland . said , that if any modification of the provisions was desirable , that would be done best in a committee . thought that as there were so many objections to the bill , he should vote against the Speaker 's leaving the chair , unles it was agreed that the blanks should be filled up in the committee , and the further consideration of the measure deferred till the next session . That house , he thought , should be careful , and particularly in the absence of so many Irish members , how it interfered in the elective franchises of Ireland , and of Ireland only . Were it even early in the session , he thought 14 days would be insufficient for the considera- 775 tion of a measure , which involved the elective franchise of the whole of Ireland.—The house then divided on the question for the Speaker 's leaving the chair , when there appeared for it 27 ; Against it 26 ; Majority 1.—The house then resolved itself into a committee on the bill , Mr. Hobhouse in the chair . stated his objections to a measure which affected the rights of all the corporations of Ireland , comprising not less than 300,000 electors . He was called to order by who thought it irregular that he should take that opportunity or entering on the general merits of the bill . was again proceeding , when he was interrupted by who observed , that it was then on the stroke of five o'clock , and that an understanding had last night prevailed , that no other subject should be discussed , till the examination of witnesses on the Charges against the Marquis Wellesley was concluded , and therefore moved 'that the chairman should report progress , and have leave to sit again . ' said , there was an understanding that all other business should give way to the examination of witnesses . considered this interposition as the exercise of ministerial influence . remarked , that it was irregular in the noble earl , to take advantage of his speaking to oreder , for the purpose of making a motion ; the noble earl rose either in order or disorder . The house was pressed by the right hon . bart . into this committee , and the clock had not since moved so rapidly , but he might have