the guardian should not enter into any explanation or promise as to his intentions , lest he should place himself in an anxious and arduous dilemma , either to do that which might , under the circumstances , be injurious to his charge , on the one hand , or forfeit his word of honour , on the other . He should therefore enter into no explanations of the kind . With respect to the present situation of miss Seymour , he had deemed it incumbent on him to make particular inquiries , when apprehension of her removal was entertained ; by what he could learn , such a step was likely to be attended with danger . He meant no reflection whatever on his noble relatives , but their lordships knew that men might see things in different lights . He had seen his niece at his own house , and at other places , and had every reason to he pleased with her manners and behaviour , the formation of which seemed to be attended to with par- 671 ticular care . The same could be said of her religious education ; as , independent of what he was assured by the bishop of Winchester , it might be perceived , that greater attention had been paid to that important consideration , than was usual with the generality of young ladies . Should he undertake the guardianship , it would be accompanied by an understanding , that he pledged himself to nothing ; should he deem it likely to conduce to the benefit and advantage of the child , he would suffer her to remain ; should he think it necessary to remove her , such a step should be taken : this was before known to be his solemn determination ; and so far , he solemnly declared it to he his opinion , that were his late brother and lady Horatia alive , they would not blame him for such a line of conduct . Whether such a plan would eventually prove the most prudent or politic , was another consideration . He had to observe , that the child was long in a most miserable state of health ; that in fact her mother was in a dying state nearly the hole time of her pregnancy ; end to add , that if any circumstance should make it necessary to remove the child , his house should be her home.—The questions were then put , and the Resolutions agreed to . gave notice that he should bring forward his propositions relative to the Judicature of Scotland on Wednesday next , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned.—Lord Auckland observed , that as a measure was about to be brought before Parliament for increasing certain allowances to seamen , it was necessary that their lordships should be in possession of information upon the subject when it came under discussion in that house . He therefore moved for several accounts relative to the revenue of Greenwich hospital , and the chest at Greenwich , which were ordered.—The Irish Malt Duty bill and the Chelsea Hospital bill were read a 2nd time . brought up the report of the committee on the Forfeited Estates in Scotland.—The Irish Election bill was brought up , and read a first time.— 672 The Gibraltar and Malta postage bill was brought up , and read a first time.—Sir J. Newport moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Irish Spirit License act of last session.—Sir J. Newport moved for leave to bring in a bill to revive and amend an act of the Irish parliament , of the 28th of the king , for appointing commissioners to examine into the state of the funds and revenues of the schools in Ireland . He stated that the powers of this act had been continued by others acts up to the year 1796 . Though great abuses had been discovered , no legislative measure had as yet been brought forward for remedying these abuses , and preventing the misapplication of the funds in future . The object of