of the respondents in the appeal relative to the guardianship of Miss Seymour , the lord chancellor , after observing that cases respecting the right of guardianship peculiarly demanded an early hearing and decision , moved , that the appeal should be heard on Tuesday , the 3d of June . The duke of Norfolk suggested , that the business connected with the trial in Westminster-hall , would not probably be terminated soon enough to allow of fixing so early a day . The lord chancellor then proposed , that the appeal should be heard on Tuesday , the 10th of June ; which was agreed to.—The marquis of Sligo moved for copies of certain proclamations issued in the West Indies , respecting the conquered islands . Lord Holland and lord Auckland objected to the motion , on the ground that the bill , to the object of which these papers referred , having passed the house , the papers moved for by the noble marquis could be of no use . The marquis of Sligo agreed to withdraw his motion , giving notice that he should move for the production of these documents in the next session of parliament . On the motion , or Mr. Graham , a new writ was ordered to be issued for a member for Westmoreland , in the room of sir M. Le Fleming , deceased.—The inspector-general of imports and exports , presented an account of sugars imported from the Virgin islands.—The Irish butter , and Irish Distillery bills , were read a 3d time and passed.—The Irish Revenue Collection bill , was read a 2d time , and ordered to be committed the next day.—Sir J. Newport moved the commitment of the Irish Customs bill , but post- 292 poned it till the next day , at the request of Mr. Foster.—Mr . Matthews moved the 2d reading of the General Turnpike bill . Mr. Giles made a few observations on the mode of recovering the penalties . Mr. Matthews said , that persons were so harassed in sueing for the penalties in the courts above , that many of them were put to an expence of 4 times the penalty , without the cause even being brought to trial ; by which means the farmer was terrified to compound with the informer . He therefore thought it preferable to submit the information to two magistrates , with power of appeal to the quarter sessions.—The house divided ; For the 2d reading 22 ; Against it 27 ; Majority against the bill 5. rose to give notice , that early in the next session of parliament , he should have the honour of proposing some regulations for the amelioration of the poor laws of this country . He hoped to be indulged in a few Words of explanation of his intentions , beyond what was usual upon giving notices in this way . The poor laws of this country , had grown into a system so complicated and embarrassing , and were become such a heavy and increasing expence upon the country , that some revision of them was absolutely necessary . He had had a plan of this nature in contemplation for some years past , which had occupied much of his attention , but he found it extremely difficult to reduce to a shape , in which to offer it for the consideration of parliament . One of two things seemed necessary in this case , either to simplify the present poor laws , by some short , clear , and comprehensive plan , or to suggest some new regulations for remedying their defects , and checking the abuses which continued to obtain under them as they now stood . To neither of these modes would he at this moment specifically pledge himself ; but he should , however , early in the next session , propose to the house some plan upon the subject . said , that he too had had in contemplation , for a considerable time , a proposition of a similar nature , and that an intimation of his purpose had been given to the