and the report was ordered to be received uu Monday . The house proceeded as usual to Westminster-hall , and returned about half past three . Strangers were not admitted for some time afterwards , during which it was understood their lordships appointed Wednesday se'nnight to take into consideration the evidence adduced on the trial of lord Melville.—The Mutiny bill , the Irish Loan bill , and the Irish Treasury Bills bill , passed through committees , and were reported . suggesting that doubts seemed to be entertained respecting the time of publication of the trial of lord Melville , with reference to the order previously made by the house upon that subject ; and an idea appearing to be conceived , that , the trial being over , publications of the proceedings might now freely take place ; he thought , therefore , the sense of the house should he known to he public on that head . agreed with the noble earl , that the sense of the house , on an affair of this kind , should be publicly known and clearly expressed . Such an idea as his noble friend alluded to , had been entertained , as appeared from a paper put into his hand by one of the reporters . It appeared to him , however , to be contrary to the sense and intention of the house in framing the order ; and his opinion was , which he thought should be generally known , that all publications of the trial were strictly prohibited , until after the house should deliver its final judgment . entirely concurred in the sentiment expressed by his noble friend on the woolsack , and farther , he thought , an express order should be made upon the occasion , in order that all doubts upon the point might be set at rest . His lordship then wrote an order at the table , 251 which he moved forthwith , for the adoption of the house ; and , which , being read from the woolsack , ran nearly as follows : Ordered , `` that no person whatever shall presume to publish any account of the proceedings , & c. laid before this house , touching the impeachment of Henry lord viscount Melville , until . after this house shall have delivered its final judgment upon the said impeachment . `` —The question , being put , it was ordered accordingly , and read a second time by the clerk at the table . A message from the lords informed the house that their lordships had agreed to the Slave Trade Importation bill.—Bills to regulate the offices of the Receivers-General of Excise and of the Post-Office were brought in , read a first , and ordered to be read a 2d time on Monday , and printed.—Several accounts from the chief secretary of Ireland , relative to the Revenue department , were presented , and ordered to be printed.—The Franking bill was a read a third time and passed . Earl Spencer stated that it would be inconvenient for a noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) to attend the discussion of the bill for repealing the Additional-Force act , the second reading of which was fixed for that day ; and therefore he would , with the permission of their lordships , move that the order be discharged , and that it be read a 2d time the next day . Ordered.—Lord Auckland moved , that the report of the proceedings of the House in giving judgment in cases of impeachment for high crimes and misdemeanours made in the case of Warren Hastings , esq . which he then held in his hand , should be printed for the use of their lordships . Ordered.—The Mutiny , Irish Exchequer , and Loan bills , were read a third time and passed.—Lord Stanhope moved that the second reading of the bill for the Discovery of Truth be postponed until Friday se'nnight . Mr. Hutchinson , from the bank , presented an account of all notes of the bank of England , including bank post bills ,