he been present at the time the accusation was made by that right honourable gentleman , he most probably should not have felt it necessary to take any notice of it . But he now thought it proper shortly to remark upon the cases alluded to . And first , with regard to the removal of sir A. S. Hamond from the navy board , the fact was , that the hon . baronet had made application for leave to resign before the patent of his appointment to the admiralty was actually made out . The application acceded to , and he had felt it his duty to recommend that the honourable baronet should , as is usual in such cases , be allowed three-fourths of his salary during life . At the same time , he had to mention , that the reason of this grant was solely on account of the honourable baronet 's length of services . The noble lord added , that the ground of the honourable baronet 's application for leave to resign was indisposition , and consequently inability to attend to the duties of the office ; but yet he was happy to see that the hon . baronet was already so far recovered as to be able to attend all the debates of that house . To sir A. Hamond a successor ( captain 679 Dickens ) was appointed , in every point of view unexceptionable ; but this gentleman being disqualified by illness to act , capt . Nicholls , an officer of character equally unquestionable , was substituted for him . Of the other three new appointments made in the naval department , the noble lord declared that so far from having any view to patronage , the only desire was to procure persons capable of an efficient discharge of duty in a branch of service where such efficiency was but too visibly wanted ; and of those who were appointed he had to state that not one was at all known to himself or any of his colleagues in any other way than from the report of their qualifications . There was a fifth appointment about to be made in his department to which , perhaps , some part of the right honourable gentleman 's censure might be pointed ; that was with regard to sir C. Saxton 's office at Portsmouth : that officer 's age unfitting him for his present station , he was about to retire , but required that which he thought it his duty to resist , namely , that he should be allowed to retain the whole of his salary . Upon the retirement of that honourable baronet , the noble lord stated his intention of recommending an officer ( captain Grey ) to succeed him , his connection with whom should not prevent him from saying that he was fully qualified for the office . With respect then to his own conduct the noble lord felt that the right honourable gentleman 's imputations were as unfounded as those which he had thought proper to direct against the proceedings of his noble friend , and the measure before the house . thanked the noble lord for the opportunity afforded him by the allusion which he had thought proper to make to the subject , of explaining the sinecure granted to himself . He was before disposed to do so , but he now felt it to be necessary , and should enter into the explanation upon a future day . The right hon . gent . panegyrised the talents and public services of Sir A. S. Hamond . was astonished at the line of argument taken by the noble lord who spoke last but one ; namely , that because a public man held a particular sinecure , he should be precluded from objecting to the establishment of any further sinecures . Would the noble lord argue , that in consequence of his right honourable friend the secretary of state for foreign affairs holding two sinecures , ( Mr. Rose 680 exclaimed three ) , and his noble friend at the head of the