. Mr. Francis then said.— '' I can by no means accede to this opinion . I do not think the directors of the India Company were competent to make this agreement ; and , even if they were so , I still think it was their duty to have resorted to parliament in the first instance , and not to have come to any conclusion with the creditors , without a parliamentary sanction . All I desire is , that the house will look at the transaction and weigh the consequences before they determine that the public have no interest in it , nor any right to be considered as a party concerned in the adjustment of it . If they have such an interest and such a right , then I say that it can not be safely trusted to a private compromise between the Company and the claimants , and that it can only be protected by the careful interposition of parliament . In this view , the amount of these claims is the first thing to be considered , I find them stated , first and last , at 9,289,250l . ; —of which it appears that .3,658 , 432l . have been paid since the year 1784 . The remaining demand of a capital debt of 5,630,838l . is now to be adjusted by these commissioners , and , as far as it can be established to their satisfaction , it must some way or other be satisfied out of the territorial revenue of the Carnatic ; and yet it is contended that this is not a public question ; and that it may legally be settled without the authority or even the knowledge of parliament ! I advise his majesty 's ministers to consider what they are doing . They know the situation of the India Company . The present services and interest of debts abroad far exceed the revenues , If the funds in India are wasted or diverted to private purposes , the deficiency must be provided for out of other sources ; that is , by this country ; I know of no other . The enormous amount of these supposed claims would lead one to conclude that all the wealthy natives of Change-alley and Lombard-street had gone to India , for the benevolent purpose of lending their money to the princes of that country . I doubt it . I do not believe that a single shilling of real English money was ever lent to a nabob of the Carnatic . If any thing was lent to them , it was out of their own property . When you see what these credits are , and what they amount to , I think you will have but one question to ask , 'Where did the creditors get the money ? ' By , an act passed 942 in 1784 , and quoted in the preamble to the agreement , it was enacted , `` That the court of directors should take into consideration the origin and justice of these demands , and , in concert with the nabob , establish a fund for the discharge of those debts , which should appear to be justly due , '' & c. By this clause , the investigation and the settlement are explessly committed to the court of directors . The trust was confined to them specially . They were delegates , and could not delegate . Against their opinion , however , and against their remonstrance , and without any investigation whatever , above three millions a half sterling were paid by the direct interposition and authority of the board of controul . Since that period , a new , or an old debt of five millions six hundred thousand pounds has started up ; and this is the debt which . is to be examined and liquidated by the present commissioners . Now , I think , sir , that on the principle , and in the spirit of the act of 1784 , the directors themselves were bound to perform this duty ; or , if they were unequal