his general character he stated , that he was a man of dignified . manners , and very princely deportment ; that he was well versed in all the literature of the East , and was possessed of an excellent taste in architecture and other arts ; and that in private life he was social , and fond of horses , of hunting , and of all field amusements . Notwithstanding the intimate acquaintance that the witness had with him , he never saw any great depression of spirits in him on account of the changes introduced by marquis Wellesley . His cavalcade was not quite so great as that of his predecessor , but it was better appointed . He had now in his stables about 3000 of the finest horses , including about 130 Arabian saddle-horses . He had about 1300 elephants , and in all the other expenses of his state he was more sumptuous than before ; he went to 787 more expence in building palaces , and furnishing them ; and upon the whole , according to his opinion , had had no reason to be dissatisfied with the change . He had , it was true , changed his turban for a while , and suffered his beard to grow , which in that country was considered as a sign of affliction ; but since that time he had appeared perfectly reconciled . When Holkar inveded the Dooab he advanced ten lacks of rupees , ( About 100.000l . ) of his own free will , to enable lord Lake 's army to march against him ; and there was no less than 400,000l . collected at Lucknow for the same purpose . As to the police that subsisted formerly at Oude , nothing could be worse . It was true , there were but few executions by law , but then it was equally certain , that there was no security either for property or life . The country wasinfected with banditti , who plundered or murdered those who were not well guarded . As an instance of this , he mentioned Mr. Metcalf , who , having gone on a hunting party from his house , was attacked and maimed by some of those banditti , although he had all the necessary Mabratta passports about him . The nabob himself requested marquis Wellesley to suggest to him some improvement in the police and government et his country ; to which the marquis replied , that he would first try , as experiments , on the ceded provinces , what he thought would be adviseable , and that if they answered there , the nabob could adopt them with greater confidence . The tendency of the remainder of the testimony of this witness was to exculpate the noble marquis from the matters charged against him.—Some questions were put to him , which he declined answering , on account of the violation that it appeared to him that this would be of private friendship and confidence . Some of the questions were then withdrawn.—Upon the examination as to the charge of the marquis having kept all Europeans from advising with the nabob during the negotiations , the witness was asked , had not the marquis accused Mr. Treves of advising the nabob contrary to the interests of the company ? The witness objected on the ground that the answer might implicate the character of Mr. Treves , who was then out of England , and in the service of the company . This objection was , however , at length , over-ruled ; and upon the witness being again asked the question , he submitted another objection , namely , thin he had no sort of knowledge except from confidential letters from friends , which he hoped the house would 788 not urge him to disclose.—A long debate took place in the committee respecting this objection and upon the motion of Mr. Johnstone , it was ordered that the gallery should be cleared . Strangers were not again admitted ; hut after some further examination of major Ouseley , and of Mr. Johnstone ,