moved the order of the day for the house to resolve into a committee of ways and means . The noble lord then rose , for the purpose of bringing forward the tax he meant to propose in lieu of the duty which had been abandoned on Pig-Iron . He said it would be in the recollection of the house , that not many days since he had proposed to defer the further proceedings in the committee of ways and means , for the purpose of devising some tax less objectionable to the house , and to the great body of the country , than that upon Pig-Iron , which he had been induced , in compliance with the prevailing sentiment , to decline . He now , therefore , rose to propose , in lieu of that tax , a substitute , which he hoped would prove more acceptable . He considered it properly ma substitute , because it would fall principally upon one article , and one to which he thought the least objection was likely to arise , in providing for the pressing exigencies of the country . Notwithstanding the popular error , that the luxuries of the wealthy were the fittest objects of taxation under such exigency , yet it was a fact incontrovertible , that the produce of taxes upon such luxuries would be so very small , as to prove rather harassing than lucrative , and therefore it became his duty to look to one more connected with general consumption , and , of course , more likely to be efficient . On giving an attentive consideration to those objects , which promised to be productive , .and were likely to fall the lightest upon those who were to be immediately subject to the impost , he considered Private brewing as one of the fairest that presented themselves for adoption . The private brewer , notwithstanding that he paid the duty on malt , had still considerable advantage over the public brewer , and all the consumers of the liquor he produced . Private brewing was carried on to such an extent , and produced so great a saving to the individuals who adopted it , for the supply of their families , that it greatly lessened the consumption of ether beverage , the duties on which would add considerably to the public revenue ; he therefore conceived the country , under its present circumstances , had a right to 256 look to the private brewer as a fair subject of taxation , and to bear his part in the public burthens : but at the same time , the tax he proposed to lay would be so moderate as still to leave the object of it in possession of considerable advantages over the public brewer . With regard to the produce to be computed from this tax , it was difficult to obtain any precise data upon which to calculate with exactness but taking the best be could find , namely , the whole quantity of malt charged with the malt duties , and deducting from that the quantity which appeared from an average of returns to be consumed by the common brewer and distiller , the remainder would afford a tolerable criterion of what the private brewers consumed . The whole quantity of malt , then , charged with the duties upon an average of the last few years , was about three millions of quarters annually , of which it appeared that the public brewers did not consume more than two millions : of the remaining million it was extremely difficult to ascertain what proportion was consumed by the distilleries . It appeared , however , from enquiries made during the last scarcity , that the average consumption of the distillers was about 250,000 quarters ; so that the remaining 750,000 quarters appeared to be the consumption of the private brewer , which , rated in the scale he was about to propose , would produce about 500.,000l. , a sum adequate to that at which he had estimated the tax upon pig-iron . The scale of taxation was estimated from