, therefore , how it was competent for parliament to interfere with this agreement . The only question before the house was , whether they should lend their authority to the better execution of the agreement , by enabling the commissioners to administer oaths , for the purpose of rendering their enquiries more complete and satisfactory ? He admitted that there was a very considerable mixture of fraudulent claims with others that were well founded . But the commissioners were appointed for the very purpose of separating the fraudulent from those that were just ; and the present bill was intended to enable them more effectually to accomplish this purpose . He admitted that the public were interested in the claims made on the East-India company , and might indeed be considered as parties in the agreement . But he could not think that they had the sole right of appointing a commission for adjudicating the claims of the creditors , without the express consent and appro 290 bation of the company , and the creditors themselves . He considered also , that the interests of the public were protected by the board of controul , whose sanction was necessary to the appointment of the present commissioners . It was certainly just in itself , that some fund should be appropriated for liquidating the debts of the nabob , since the East-India company , by acquiring his revenues and possessions , were placed in his room , and became liable for his public debts . Accordingly , a sum of 260,000l . per annum , had been set apart for this purpose ; and , as the nabob was indebted to the East-India company , in 1798 , in the sum of 2,800,000l. , a division of the original sum had been made , and only 136,000l . a year had been appropriated to the payment of the private creditors . It had appeared , that the company were possessed of assets derived from the nabob , fully sufficient to provide for this annual sum of 136,000l . The simple question , therefore , before the house was , whether the original agreement should be carried into full effect , and the commissioners be enabled to carry on their investigations , on the oaths of the parties . Thinking this to be the proper state of the question ; and believing also , that the commissioners were possessed of every qualification necessary to conduct their enquiries to an honourable and successful termination , he felt it his duty to support the bill . said , that the noble lord appeared to him to have delivered some very new and extraordinary doctrines , to which he wished to call the attention of the house . But he thought , from the present thinness of the house , that the discussion could not now take place in a very satisfactory manner , and he therefore wished the debate to be adjourned to some future day . He therefore moved , that the farther consideration of the bill be deferred to this day fortnight . observed , that if the ground of the hon . get 's motion was the thinness of the house , he feared that this ground would not be removed by a fuller attendance on a future occasion . But , if it was the general wish of the house , that the discussion should be postponed , he should not object to the motion , though he could see no reason for so long a delay as a fortnight . said , that there were several subjects of great importance demanding the attention of the house , be 291 sides the interval of the recess . He therefore thought that Friday se'nnight was the earliest day on which this subject could again come before the house.—The debate was therefore adjourned to Friday se'nnight . The Irish Debenture bill , and the Franking bill , were read a 2d time.—The Additional Force Repeal bill , passed through a committee , and was reported without amendment.—On the order of the day being read , for taking into consideration the petitions