be felt as an adequate compensation . The rt . hon . gent . had conceived , that in order to render the recruiting service more effective , reliance was not to be placed on high bounties , but an appeal to the honourable feelings of the soldier : if this could be effected , it would certainly be desirable ; but he doubted the propriety of depending on such a principle . Something he thought certainly ought to be done for the encouragement of the army , in the same manner as was proposed a few nights since by a noble lord ( Howick ) for the navy , by increasing the number of petty officers in each regiment , and thereby not only rendering the discipline more perfect and orderly , but pointing out more frequent opportunities of preferment for good behaviour . This was a principle prevalent in all the military services of the continent , and had the best effect in exciting men to signalize themselves : he would wish it adopted in relation to subaltern officers as well as common soldiers , particularly where the approbation of a commander in chief was mentioned in general orders , or pointedly expressed to government . This was the practice in our navy . He did not expect to hear from a strong government so timid a pretence , as that of declining to recruit from the militia into the army of the line to the extent which might be done . It had been proposed by the rt . hon . gent . gradually to reduce the militia down to its original force of 40,000 men . Why not do so at once , and thus set 20,000 men at liberty to join the regular army ? or why not recruit the regiments of the line from the militia to the utmost possible extent , and then ballot the counties over again ? This had been done in 1799 , and had no prejudicial effect whatever on the militia service . In the last year 14,000 men were recruited from the militia , and he would appeal to the country whether it had done any injury to the service . Without some such measure , how was the proposed force of 200,000 men to be raised for the service of the united kingdom ? It might be thought , he would allow , a measure of harshness ; but it was one to which he was sure the country would cheerfully submit 4 under the present exigency . He complained that in the growing wealth of the country many arrangements had taken place to defeat the objects of the militia law , and to deprive the service of many valuable men . He instanced the lowering the fines to 10l . upon persons balloted , and not choosing to serve personally . The parishes , out of their rates , in most instances , paid those fines for the poor man , and the money went to raise a man for the militia who would otherwise have enlisted for the line . recurred to a statement he had made upon the last night this bill was in discussion , respecting the practice on the continent of enlisting men for limited service , even in time of war , which an hon . gent . on the other side of the house was pleased totally to deny . He was not just at that moment prepared to refute the hon . member , by the production of any authority on which he could positively rely . But he had since felt it his duty to make more minute enquiry from persons most competent to give him information , namely several French officers , now in London , all of whom had corroborated his former assertions , and stated , that both before and since the revolution , the practice had prevailed in the French service , and had been attended with the best effects in recruiting the army . In fact , groups of young fellows entered this service for 8 or 10 years , as it were