to dismiss from office an old , meritorious , and highly useful servant of the public ( sir G. Barlow ) . From the conduct , therefore , of such ministers , the honourable gentleman professed his incapacity to entertain a hope of much public good . in allusion to the remarks of an honourable gentleman on the other side ( Mr. S. Bourne ) , observed , that having been but a short time in office , and being comparatively unacquainted with the business of his department , he should feel it a great presumption for him to act without taking the advice of others . said , whatever sense his hon . friend might now ( at the end of three months ) find in the expression of `` the bed of roses , '' his right hon . friends about him felt it , however their duty might compel them to occupy it in a situation of toil and anxiety , beyond what they could ever hope to be repaid for by the consideration of the country . He maintained the necessity of an enlarged investigation . detailed the manner and circumstances of drawing the bills from the West Indies ; and contended , from the facility of suppressing the evidences there , 682 that the best chance of tracing them was through the indorser in this country.—The bill was ordered to be read a 3rd time to-morrow . moved the third . reading of the mutiny bill : said , after the full discussion the bill had undergone , he would not detain their lordships by going over the same ground again . His object now was to . move an amendment , which was calculated , in his opinion , to render the measure before the house less objectionable . Many of the arguments urged by noble lords against the bill , still remained unanswered , and formed in his mind very strong objections to the measure . He way still of opinion , that if a choice was allowed to persons enlisting to enlist either for life or for seven years , that ninety-nine out of a hundred would prefer the former . The only fair way of trying the measure in this way would be to allow persons to enlist in either way , giving 16 guineas bounty for enlistment for life , and 12 guineas for 7 years . As it was , however decided by the house , that enlisting for a limited period should become a general measure , it only remained to him to propose what he conceived would be a beneficial alteration of that period . He was of opinion that enlisting men for the short term of seven years would produce little benefit to the army , whilst at the same time it would not be any real advantage to the men enlisted . He thought that 20 or 21 years would be a period much more likely to prove advantageous . Let a man serve for that period , and then , if he survived the contingencies of the service , be entitled to a pension for the remainder of his life . The army would , by this means , always have a certain number of experienced soldiers ; the value of whom were well known to all military officers . On the other hand , it was to be feared that if men were enlisted for only seven years , they would become restless and unsteady , and the army not derive much benefit from soldiers of that description . The present bill rendered the period of military service shorter in this country than it was in any other state in Europe , without , as he conceived , promising any adequate advantage . On the contrary , great inconvenience must necessarily arise 683 from such a system in drafting regiments , and with respect to our colonial service . His lordship , after recapitulating some of the former arguments against the bill , concluded by moving to insert in the oath the period of twenty years , instead of seven . expressed his