the previous question ; he was also adverse to referring the papers to a committee of the whole house , as he thought no public good could possibly arise from it . He confessed he could not speak on this subject without partiality , as he was prejudiced in favour of the noble earl , having had the honour to act with him and approve of his measures . He thought the question should have been gone into in some shape or other , and really wished the vote of thanks had come in some better way , as the manner in which it was to be carried , would cer- 214 tainly deprive it of that value , which the noble earl would otherwise have set upon it.—The question being loudly called for , strangers were ordered to withdraw . In their absence , the previous question was negatived , and the original vote of thanks was carried without a division.—Adjourned at three o'clock on Thursday morning . The house proceeded as usual , to Westminster Hall , and returned about 4 ; when an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord Melville to-morrow , and a message was sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith.— The house resolved itself into a committee on the Insolvent Debtors ' bill ; several amendments were made , on the motion of lord Holland . The house having resumed , the report was received , and the bill with the amendments was ordered to be printed . —Mr . Williams , from the commissioners of Naval Enquiry , presented the 13th report of that board , which , on the motion of earl Spencer , was ordered to be printed . A message from the lords acquainted the house , that their lordships would proceed further with the trial of lord viscount Melville to-morrow , in Westminster Hall.— Mr. II.Thornton presented , pursuant to order of the house , an Account of all sums of money paid to the Sierra Leone company pursuant to grants of parliament ; also an Account of the disbursement of said sums.—Mr . Williams presented the 13th report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—The Irish Loan bill , and Irish Treasury Bills bill , were read a third time , and passed.—The Mutiny bill was read a third time and passed.— The speaker stated to the house , that he had received a letter from admiral Duckworth , dated the 1st of May , in answer to the vote of thanks of the house to himself , and the officers and seamen under his command . The letter was to the following purport : `` Superb , off Cales , May 1 . Sir ; I have received yours of the 25th of March , conveying the highest honour that can be conferred on any officer in his majesty 's service , the Thanks of the Imperial Parliament of his Country . However feebly I may be able to express the high sense 215 which I entertain of this high and distinguished honour , I certainly feel it deeply . The best return that I can make on this occasion for the proud distinction which the house of commons has conferred on me by its approbation of my conduct in the battle of the 6th of February off St. Domingo , is to request you to assure the house , that I shall shew my gratitude in the manner which will be most agreeable to them , and that is by using my best efforts in opposing the enemies of my king and country . They have done me a particular favour when they desire that I should communicate their thanks to the officers under my command , and no lesser favour when they desire that the captains of the several vessels should communicate to the seamen and marines the most honourable reward of their services , the thanks and approbation of the representatives of the nation . I beg leave to return my particular thanks to you for your