errors therefore might occur , the treasury would be enabled to rectify them and to make up in some measure for any defects which might escape the notice of parliament in pass- 793 ing the bill . As the establishment was by this plan undoubtedly considerably increased in the first instance , it was proposed to have the advantages of this increase with as little expence to the public , and with as little additional power to ministers as possible . With this view a provision would be introduced into the bill , by which in no instance in case of a vacancy by death could the loss be supplied till the number was reduced to five , without coming to parliament , and on such occasions the house would have an opportunity of dicussing the necessity for , or the expediency of , the several appointments , and of ascertaining how The work went on . This would afford employment to the ten commissioners till they were reduced to the permanent number , which was six . But in the event of the business getting on faster than was expected , a thing not very likely to occur , there was a provision by which the commons , by address to his majesty , might suppress any of the commissions . However , parliament would have the whole under its own eye . But the great provision respecting the current accounts was , that there should be a compulsion extending to all accountants , by winch they must send in their accounts from year to year . He had once some doubts whether this provision could be now introduced , but he had the satisfaction to find , upon examination , that it might be done , and accordingly tins provision was introduced into the bill . It was proposed , that within the space of three mouths from the 31st of December in each year , every accountant should send in an account of his receipts and expenditure for the year preceding , together with the vouchers connected with them ; and it was moreover proposed that immediately upon these accounts being given in , an examination should forthwith be entered upon , and a comparison take place between the accounts and the vouchers , so that they should at least be so far examined at the time they were delivered . And also in those cases where officers must , from the necessity of circumstances , examine their accounts at different periods , it was proposed that the accounts should be given in there three months before that period , instead of the three months from the 31st of December , as in other instances . Another part of the bill , though a subordinate one certainly , was to enable the accountants to have their accounts attested wherever they should be , before any of the commissioners of the exchequer , 794 which , as these were spread over the whole country , would be a very great convenience Anger part of the bill he considered as of great importance , and that was the provision by which all those public officers who authorised the expenditure of the public Money , should be charged with that expenditure , and made accountable for it . He mentioned the instance of a general officer who in the West Indies during the last war , had authorised the expenditure of 200,000l . By mere accident he had not a commissary with him . If there had been a commissary , as the commissary would expend and the officer would have the controul over him , neither of them could be charged with it . As it happened , however , the officer was responsible , and when that account came to be examined it was disallowed . It was therefore provided , that all who authorised the expenditure of money should be responsible ; but at the same time an appeal was allowed them to the exchequer in case they felt themselves aggrieved . It was also provided that when accountants paid in any part of the funds which