for he did not know that in this respect they exceeded their proper proportion , but in point of discipline . But then came the objection , that the numbers of the volunteers would be much diminished by withdrawing the June allowances . Though gentlemen seemed to hold out such considerations as these , somewhat in the way of a menace , yet he was willing to hope that this menace or expectation was ill-founded . It ought to be considered , that if the allowance was diminished , the duty was also diminished . To that part of Scotland , called the Lowlands , certainly the bill might be more applicable ; but still it was thought proper to try the experiment in England , and not to include Scotland in the first instance . There might be reasons why it should not extend to Scotland at all , though he rather thought it might at some future time ; but at all events it would be imprudent to extend it to Scotland now . Another reason was the advanced state of the session , when many gentlemen of that country were out of town , and , therefore he would oppose the amendment . saw no reason why the provisions of the bill should not extend to Scotland . It might not apply to the highlands ; but why not extend it to the Lowlands , which was the more populous part of the country , and that part too which was most exposed to attacks from the opposite coast . He allowed the excellence of the volunteers in that country , but it was to be considered , that on account of the distance from the capital , there was but a small regular force kept there , and therefore it ought to have the advantage of every other mode of defence . Whether or not the volunteers would be diminished , he should not say , but he hoped that , whether the provisions of the bill were to be applied to Scotland this year or not , they would be afterwards applied to it . observed , as to the point of the bill 's not being applicable to Scotland , that the provisions of the bill of 1803 had , in fact , extended to that . country . The reasons given for not extending this 846 measure to Scotland were perfectly nugatory , for they would apply equally well to many parts of Wales , Cumberland , and Westmoreland , in the mountainous districts of which the population was very much scattered . But at any rate there was no reason why the bill should not extend to the Lowlands of Scotland . Though the people might be more military and better trained , still the king ought to have the power of calling them out ; and this he might exercise according to his discretion , and exempt particular districts , as circumstances should require . There was no difficulty in executing the militia laws in Scotland , and why should not this measure be extended to that country , when the principle was the same ? But then it had been said that the volunteers were in a better state there . It was certainly to be considered , that these were to be deprived of the June allowances , and scarcely any motive but their zeal would remain to keep them together ; and here the reasoning of the ministers themselves , that a variety of motives , such as the ballot for the militia and the army of reserve , were necessary to induce men to continue in these corps , might be turned against themselves . He would certainly , therefore , support the amendment . observed , that the militia laws were new in Scotland , and had at first occasioned considerable dissatisfaction there . He thought , therefore , that it would be better to wait for another year , before the principle of this bill should be extended to Scotland . said , that his reason for not wishing to extend the provisions of the