was in contemplation to remove him so soon ? All the powers of governor-general would have remained with him , by devolution , till the appointment of a suc- 1198 cessor , except the power of exercising the highest functions of the office without the consent of the council—a power so extraordinary , that it had never been exercised . The charge , therefore , remained in full force . considered the bon . member ( Mr. Paull ) was completely wrong , in supposing , that so large a sum as 10 millions was to be due in 1807 . He shewed , from a variety of calculations , that the greater part of this sum would not be due until the years 1809 and 1810 . If there was a large floating debt at the end of the war , there were , also , floating securities in the hands of the Company , which balanced it . He denied , that the loans in India had been contracted for on such unfavourable terms as the hon . gent . had represented . said , that the reason that the loan appeared to be contracted on better terms in India than it really was , was , because above two-thirds of it was contracted at Lucknow and Benares , where the value of the rupee was considerably less than the Calcutta rupee . The interest of the debt being paid in Calcutta rupees , and the principal contracted in the rupees of Lucknow and Benares , it made the real interest from 12 to 14 per cent. , instead of 8 . He contended , that the Company actually owed 6 millions to the country , on account of the 12 years arrears of the half million annually ; for which consideration their charter was renewed . India had , ever since , been a drain to this country , both in men and money ; and not a single advantage had been derived from the possession . He was sure that , at the time the charter was last renewed , no one had the most distant idea , that it would ever be renewed again , except on terms much more advantageous ; but , if they could not pay half a million , they could not pay more , and Great Britain would be the only country prohibited from trading to India , and this without any sort of consideration . in general , vindicated the accounts which he had brought forward on the second night , see p. 1153 . With respect to the amount of the Indian Debt , he continued of opinion , that considerable arrears of the expences of the two wars , in which we had recently been engaged , remained still to be brought to account . The experience of former wars , carried on upon a less extensive scale , justified this opinion ; and he was , upon the whole , persuaded , that it was reasonable to estimate the Debt , on 1199 the 30th of April , 1806 , at 30 millions sterling , after allowing for the purchases made by the Sinking Fund . As to the Sinking Fund , he had admitted it to have aided in improving the credit of the Company 's paper ; but maintained , still , that the establishment of that scheme , constituted as the fund was , circumstanced as were the affairs of the Company , and pledged as the Company were , to apply every valuable surplus of their revenues to the discharge of Debt , was liable to objections which outweighed any incidental benefit resulting from it . That no considerable part of the Indian Debt was to be charged to the commerce of the Company , he contended to be satisfactorily proved by the documents he bad adduced on a former night ; documents framed with great care , by the able officers of the India-house , and founded on fuller and more accurate materials , than those statements could well be , with which the hon . general had been furnished ,