points of accusation as speedily as possible . Any person who had looked into the papers upon the table must have observed , that great part of the charges bore upon the political conduct of marquis Wellesley ; that they accused him of various illegal and corrupt abuses of his authority ; of extorting money from several of the native princes of the country under his government , which he employed in expensive and ruinous wars , contrary to his duty , and to the interests of the company who employed him ; and with profusely squandering or corruptly appropriating to his own use several enormous sums of money : charges , undoubtedly , of a very flagitious nature , and which the house , in the ordinary confidence it was bound to give to one of its own members , could not refuse to entertain . without some very solid and substantial reasons — The country , however , had , within the last 20 years , experience enough to shew , how injudicious it was to meddle with impeachments . Besides , by what kind of tribunal was the party accused to be tried ? Before one , certainly , where the guilty man might escape through delay , or the most innocent man be ruined through expense ; and , therefore , if there were any other legal or competent jurisdiction , before which this cause could be tried , the house ought not , for the sake of speedy and substantial justice , to proceed by the ordinary mode of impeachment . He was happy to know that such a tribunal did exist , for under two clauses of two acts of parliament , namely , of the 24th of the king , cap . 25 , and the 26th of the king , cap . 57 , for further regulation of the first , provision was made peculiarly for the case of trying charges of delinquency in India , and a discretion was vested in the court of King 's Bench , to originate criminal proceedings against such delinquents , if it should appear just so to do : in consequence the house was empowered to nominate a certain number of its members , who , with a certain number of the lords , and three of the judges ( one of whom should constantly preside ) would form a court for the trial of all such accusations . Conceiving , then , that the charges now laid on the table against the noble marquis were precisely of the description which came legally within the proper cognizance andjurisdiction of such a court , he strongly recom- 66 mended it to the house , and to the hon . gent to proceed in the : manner he suggested , and make his application to the court of King 's Bench . He expressed high respect and friendship for the noble marquis , who had his best wishes ; and he earnestly hoped , that the charges would ultimately prove unfounded : but the cause of public justice was a motive superior to all private considerations . said , that he recollected the clauses to which the hon . gent . alluded , and disapproved of them at the time they were under discussion . He agreed with the sentiment of the hon . gent . that the house ought not to assume judicial function is where it could be avoided ; because the judicial functions of that house was a powerful weapon , which ought not to be used every day , and upon every slight subject . But the judicial functions of the house was a privilege of too much value and importance to be abandoned or surrendered upon any occasion without due consideration and great caution ; for convinced he was that by the exercise of its functions the house of commons had done more towards placing this country upon the high constitutional ground it now stood than any other part of its deliberative proceedings . He therefore wished that it never should be supposed for a single moment , that the house had