for , the house divided , when there appeared for the motion 114 , against it 15 ; majority 99.—When the gallery was again opened for the admission of strangers , we found Mr. Fox on his legs , proposing that a me , sage should be sent to the Lords , by lord Henry Petty , requesting a conference with their lordships , upon a subject of justice and humanity . Which motion was carried without a division . then rose , pursuant to notice ; and having prefaced his motion by a short speech , moved the House . `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , beseeching his majesty to take such measures as in his wisdom he shall judge proper , for establishing by negotiation with foreign powers , a concert and agreement for abolishing the African Slave Trade ; and for affording assistance mutually towards carrying into execution any regulations which may be adopted by any or all of the contracting parties for accomplishing their common purpose ; assuring his majesty , that this house , feeling the justice and honour of the British nation to be deeply and peculiarly involved in the great object they have in view , will be ready , at all times , cheerfully to concur in giving effect to such measures as his majesty may see fit to adopt for its attainment . '' The question was then put , and carried in the affirmative . Their lordships proceeded further in the Appeal `` Seymour v. the earl of Euston and lord Henry Seymour . '' Mr. Perceval was heard on the part of the respondents , after which the further consideration of the appeal was postponed till Friday.—The Earl of Elgin took the oaths and his seat.—Earl Stanhope rose to address the house with respect to the form of proceeding the next day in Westminster Hall . Upon which strangers were excluded , and the discussion continued for near two hours.—Lord Eldon presented a petition from W. Watson , esq . the serjeant at arms , stating the inadequacy of the emoluments attached to the office , which were unequal to the expenditure necessary in executing its duties ; and praying for such relief as the house should think fit . His lordship supported the object of the petition , and was seconded by Earl Spencer . The petition was ordered to be referred to a committee on Monday.—An undefended appeal having been heard and decided upon , Lord Eldon took the oportunity of giving notice , that he should , next session , bring forward some measure respecting costs in appeals , as at present the house could not award more than 200l , although the expences might actually amount to 7 or 800l . It then became an object with some persons to appeal to that house , merely for the purpose of gaining time , in cases where the interest of the money in the mean time , before the appeal could be . heard , rendered the costs to be ultimately paid a matter of little consequence . The , Lord Chancellor said , it was a great abuse , and ought to be remedied . adverted to the opinions which had been given by several general officers on the subject of enlisting for a term of years , and which , he said , had been called for in consequence of an opinion entertained by members of the late and preceding administrations that such an alteration in the mode of enlistment would be productive of benefit to the army . In consequence , however , of . the tenor of the opinions which were given to his royal highness the Commander in Chief on being then called for , the idea of proposing enlistment for a term , of years was abandoned . The present administration had , without any additional grounds whereon to found an 605 opinion , adopted a contrary sentiment , and he was anxious that the house should be in possession of those opinions of military officers to which he alluded , in order that noble