to . It should further be recollected , that the whole property of the bankrupt in prison , was taken possession of by 153 a process issued for that purpose ; whilst in the case of a debtor , not subject to the bankrupt laws , he might go to prison , if he chose , with 100,000l . in the funds , which his creditors could not touch . He believed , and he appealed to the recollection of the noble and learned lord opposite ( Ellenborough ) , that , on the rejection of a similar-bill to the present , some time ago , many debts then deemed hopeless were at length , paid . He agreed the noble lord ( Holland ) , that some amendment of the law was necessary but , whether by an extension of the bankrupt laws to , those debtors who were not now subject to them , or by any other mode . he could not now attempt to determine . He thought , however , that , in such cases , a general principle should predominate ; but that the house never should proceed upon such a false principle as that held forth by the present bill . Were the property of such debtors to be vested in the hands of assignees , with full power to treat for the general interests of the creditors , proceeding on a general principle , he might be inclined to agree to it . But even this should be prospective in its operation , and should be undertaken with the utmost caution . If any general regulation , founded upon such principles , could be suggested , he would willingly give the best of his humble assistance in digesting and maturing it . He thought , however , that one hardship might be immediately removed . As the law now stood , the discharge of the person of a debtor , when charged in execution , was an effectual surrender of the claim of the creditor . This , of itself , reduced the creditor to the necessity of keeping his debtor in prison , or renouncing his demand . This , in his opinion , might be remedied , by reviving an act which has , some time since , been expired ; and by introducing into it some amendments , which , he thought , he himself should be able to suggest , allowing the contract between debtor and creditor to remain untouched , notwithstanding the release of the latter , if the consider it . However painful , and however liable to misapprehension , such conduct might be , he still felt it his duty to join his noble and learned friend ( Ellenborough ) in opposing the bill ; and he thought that , if it were now rejected , many debtors now in prison would find the means of discharging many demands which their creditors now considered as hopeless . said , it must be in the recollection of their lordships , that he had , on all occasions , uniformly exerted his humble talents to procure some general legislative provision which would obviate the necessity of recurring , as a temporary or partial remedy , to those measures , of the effects of which the noble and learned lords so much complained . He felt all their objections to acts of insolvency ; but , at the same time , he was of opinion , that justice and humanity required the adoption of the one now proposed . His noble friend behind him ( Holland ) had correctly stated the circumstances which gave rise to the present measure ; but , at that period , he was not aware that his official avocations would have allowed so much leisure as he had found they did , otherwise he would , most certainly , have brought forward his promised measure ; which the advanced state of the session alone prevented him from immediately submitting to the attention of their lordships . He declared his perfect acquiescence in what had fallen from the noble and learned lord ( Eldon