for a moment longer suppose that the abolition of the slave trade could injuriously affect the interests of the West India colonies . I am aware that a calculation was once made , and pretty generally circulated , by which it would appear , that were the importation of negroes into the islands put an end to , the stock of slaves could not be kept up ; and if I recollect right , the calculation was made with reference to the island of Jamaica . Fortunately , however , for our argument , the experiment has been 585 already tried in North America , where the trade was abolished ; and the effect of it shewed , that the population of the negroes was nearly equal to that of the whites . As that is the part of the world where population proceeds more rapidly than in any other , and as we know that within the last 20 years , the population of whites has doubled , and that of negroes very nearly so , without importation ; it affords , I will not say a damning , but a blessing proof , that our adopting a similar course would ultimately produce the happy effect of a gradual emancipation , of increasing population , of enabling negroes to acquire property as the reward of long servitude ; and thus place these islands in a state of safety beyond any thing that could be done by fleets or armies . Nothing now remains for me , sir , but to address a few words to those members opposite me , who are so fond of quoting the opinions of a right hon . gent . deceased ( Mr. Pitt ) , and profess to entertain so profound a respect for his memory . They all know that there was no subject on which that right hon . gent . displayed his extraordinary eloquence with more ardour than in support of the Abolition of the Slave Trade . His speeches on that subject will not easily be forgotten ; and , therefore , in supporting the present motion , they would not only have an opportunity of manifesting their private friendship for him , their admiration of his splendid talents , and the sincerity of their zeal and respect for his character and memory ; but also the opportunity of quoting him with great advantage : added to which , they may now display all this for the public good , and on a subject upon which they can not be suspected of making that respect and admiration , only a vehicle for party purposes.—The different proceedings held in the course of the motions for the Abolition of the Slave Trade were then read . After which the right hon . secretary moved the following resolution : `` That this house , conceiving the African Slave Trade to be contrary to the principles of justice , humanity , and sound policy , will , with all practicable expedition , proceed to take effectual measures for abolishing the said trade , in such manner , and at such period , as may be deemed advisable . '' rose to second the motion . He should always , he said , endeavour to suppress a trade so unjust and so degrading to humanity ; and he wished it to be remembered , that he had on every occasion given his vote for the abolition of 586 it . He had been uniformly of opinion that the slave trade was a ruinous and destructive traffic , that it was contrary to every principle of sound policy , justice , and humanity , as had been stated by the right hon . secretary in a much more able manner than he could do . He was happy to say that the majority of his constituents concurred with him in these sentiments . He was persuaded that the cultivation of the colonies could be very well carried on without any fresh importation of slaves , and concluded by seconding the motion . said he felt some astonishment at the manner in which , and the