country might undoubtedly , and did in many respects require ; but no necessities of the country call require that the house of commons should be called upon by ministers to engage for the discharge of great expence , without those ministers condescending to endeavour , in complaince with the strong calls made upon them within this house , to let the house know what they thought , on the best estimate , or the best conjecture at least which they could form , of the amount of that expence . But this was not all ; their regard for the public money was further apparent from the grant of a great pension , as he understood , to a convicted Irish judge , to purchase the resignation of his judicial office , which he should be considered as having forfeited by offence which he had committed . That judge had been prosecuted , he said , by himself , when attorney-general , and had been convicted of one of the grossest libels against the Irish government that could be published ; a libel outrageous and intolerable , if published by any man , but how aggravated , when considered as the act of a judge ! but perhaps an offence against a former government , was merit in the eyes of this ; if he understood right , ( and his learned friend the Attorney-general would contradict him if he was wrong ) this convicted 636 judge was not to be brought up for punishment , but was to be rewarded with a considerable pension . Other extravagant arrangements , he had understood , were likewise to take place ; other resignations to be purchased upon terms equally in violation of every decent regard to economy ; but as they were not yet finally closed , he should press them no further . Another instance of regard to economy , he said , was displayed in a measure , part of which was to be under the consideration of the house the next day ; he meant the appointment of new commissioners for auditing the public accounts—their numbers were all at once to be encreased from eleven , the number now employed , including three new ones appointed by Mr. Pitt at the end of last year , to no less than nineteen ; and he was convinced , he said , it would be seen , that this measure , to the extent to which it was proposed to be carried , was unnecessarily extravagant and expensive in the extreme : and he could not , he said , pass by this article of economy without observing , that it was not enough to say , such and such an application of the public money was no improper expence , was congenial to our feelings of generosity , and consistent with the character of a great and oppulent nation ; but , considering the necessary calls upon the public purse , no new ones should be admitted without proof not only of their propriety , but their necessity . For how , he said , did the house stand at this moment , with respect to the ways and means of the year ? The 300,000l . from the sugar tax had failed , the 500,000l . which was first to be had on iron , and then upon private breweries , and now at last was to be fixed on the assessed taxes , was to be reduced 200,000l . by abatements and allowances , there remains then a deficiency at this day in the ways and means which the noble lord proposed to raise , as necessary for the year , of no less than 500,000l . : and when he represented those ways and means to be necessary , we had not then had opened to us the blessings of the right hon . gent . 's military plan . The additional money voted for the increased pay for the navy , the increased expence arising from these military plans , had occurred since ; so that he did not think he was going beyond