gent . would contend that parliament would in such case be bound to ratify the order ; and if that was so , he desired to 630 ask in what respect the power and controul of parliament was reserved by this amendment ? But he said , he had argued this hitherto , as if the amendment meant that the order was to be ratified at least in the next session of parliament ; but if that were so , nothing could be so unhappily chosen as the words of it—for he observed that the words were `` that he should be entitled to a pension , for the payment whereof money should have been voted , & c. '' Now the pension was not to be due in any case till 14 years after enlistment , and in many not till 21 year . Was it intended then seriously that the house of commons should next year vote money for the payment of a pension which would not be due till 14 or 21 years hence ? it could not be so meant . The house of commons would , according to its usual course , not vote money for the payment of a pension till it was due ; and consequently would not vote it till the 14 or the 21 years were elapsed ; and during the whole period of the solder 's service it would depend upon the future vote of the house of commons , whether he should or should not have the pension ; and this was the vested right that the right honourable gentleman provided , in order to bring recruits in abundance to the army . But then he desired again to know what was meant by `` voted by parliament ? '' Did it mean the vote of the house of commons ; or the grant of the whole legislature ? if it meant the vote of the house of commons , he said it certainly did not express its meaning , because the house of commons was not parliament . If it meant the whole legislature , then the whole legislature never vote money , but granted it , or appropriated it , and though he said the right honourable secretary for foreign affairs seemed to laugh at this observation , as a mere verbal criticism , yet he owned , he did not think that such incorrectness of language was at all that which was proper for parliament to use : but , he said , the slovenly appearance which it exibited , in common with every other act of the present administration ; for if it only affected them he should not care , for their character for accuracy , or any other merit , he did not affect any anxiety ; but he did , he said , feel for the character of parliament , and he pointed out his objection , which his learned friend ( the Attorney General ) might remove by a mere stroke or two of his pen , before the third reading of the bill , in order that the character of that house should not be involved in the disgrace of that slovenly inac- 631 curacy which so justly belonged to the administration itself . They will judge , indeed , he said , whether they will think it worth while to make any alteration in this respect ; possibly , as they must feel the whole act totally inefficacious , and merely waste paper , they would rather it should pass with this additional blemish upon it , than by submitting to adopt any alteration suggested by him , give another acknowledgment under their own hands , as it were , of the imperfection of their own unassisted ertions . But this was to give the soldier , he said , a legal vested right . Therefore the inaccuracy in the expression was not a mere clerical or critical error ; for as no action could be brought till the money was not only voted , but was raised , and was got into the hands of some public officer