before , and by expressing his conviction that in order to secure this desirable object the present plan was the only one which offered even a chance of success . expressed his astonishment at the opinion expressed by the noble lord , who was himself a soldier , and of justly high character , as to what might be the consequence to , or the disposition excited in the minds of military men , by being called to give their evidence at their lordships ' bar ; and he totally denied the justice of the inference . With respect to the bill , he was a friend to its principle , but feared it would be inefficacious , and ought only to be tried partially as an , experiment . rose with the sincerest satisfaction to recommend most earnestly to their lordships the adoption of a measure of which , for many years past , he had entertained the most perfect conviction , that it was the only measure likely to become permanently efficacious in keeping up the necessary force of the country , under the unfortunate necessity that of late years had been imposed upon the countries of Europe , of keeping up large armies ; and as most 659 congenial to the spirit and feelings of Englishmen . It had been asked early in the debate , what statesman with a statesman 's mind , had ever proposed to any country such a measure for adoption ? He would declare the statesman on whose authority he would offer the measure . It was that consummate statesman ( Mr. Pitt ) whose irreparable loss the country so recently had to deplore . It was from him that he had learned the principle . It was one which he knew occupied his great mind , and was decisive in his opinion for very many years . There was not a single argument that had been offered against the bill in the course of this debate , that had not been urged by himself against the principle to that great statesman , in repeated discussions between them on this subject , and that was not ably and convincingly answered by his right hon . and lamented friend . He had considered , with the most mature deliberation , the subject over and over again , and the more he considered it , the more thoroughly was he convinced of its propriety . As to the measure being an invasion of the royal prerogative , he was astonished to hear it asserted , particularly by those who had had so much share in the military measures of the last four years . Could it be pretended that any army which was to be maintained in this country could be maintained independently of parliamentary sanction and controul ? The king incontestibly and by the first principles of the constitution possessed the command of every species of military force ; but that force was subject to the regulations of pay , controul , & c. which parliament directed . Nay , after we had seen that the very regulations as to limited service had been adopted as to what constituted peculiarly our home defence , would it be pretended that it was unconstitutional that the regular army , that which might be employed abroad , should be enlisted on terms which had been sanctioned in the other ? It was in vain therefore to say , that this was an invasion of the royal prerogative , and hostile to the constitution . Indeed , after the able and convincing speech of an illustrious person ( the duke of Gloucester ) that night , it was clear what were the sentiments entertained by every branch of the family on the throne on this point . Never since that illustrious house sat on the throne had any pretention been countenanced of an army not subject to parliamentary controul.—His lordship then entered into a consideration of several of the objections , particularly as 660 to the expence of the plan . He argued that it might be assumed as a doctrine , that of the persons surviving