the notice which he had given on a former occasion , not with a view , in the present state of the house , and at this late period of the session , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the better regulation of the treasurership of the navy ; but for the purpose of moving , that , early in the next session , the house should take into consideration the act of the 25th of the king , intitled , `` An Act for the better regulation of the office of Treasurer of the Navy . '' Every member who now heard him , he apprehended , had read , with attention , the report made by the committee appointed to examine the journals of the house of lords , relative to 1098 the late impeachment ; and , if they had read it , he trusted that they had taken it into their most serious consideration ; as , according to what appeared in those journals , eleven of the judges of England had given it as their opinion , that the law gave no hold to the public on its officers ; that , without violation of the law , such officers might make use of the public money for their own private purposes , if they pleased ; and , on proof being had of such application , that the officers were not punishable by information or indictment . If that opinion was called for , and if the majority of the peers , upon the opinions of the judges delivered to the above effect , had pronounced the acquittal in the late impeachment , then it was high time that this should be declared to be law , if it was law ; or , that , if it was not law , it should be declared that it should become so in future . He regretted that , at this late period of the session ; he could not propose , with propriety , to bring in a bill on that subject ; but he hoped , that early next session this would be done . As to the act of the 25th of the king , it did now appear , from the opinions of the eleven judges , that the public had , from the moment it was passed , up to the present time , been under a most gross delusion , with respect to its provisions ; and that large sums of public money , ( as had lately happened , to the extent of 150,000l. , ) might be drawn from the bank , and deposited in any place whatever , by the treasurer : and that not only he , but one deputed by him , might thus dispose of money , and lodge it in any place , even beyond the controul of the treasurer . He found not only that the assigned balances might be disposed of in this manner ; but , also , when another object was in view , and when it appeared that the motive of the treasurer of the navy , or his deputy , was to make use of the public money for their own profit and advantage , we still found , from these decisions , that such practices were not cognizable by law , and that the parties were punishable on information or indictment . He wished that he could , even in this session , have brought forward a bill for the regulation of the office of treasurer of the navy , and the greater security of the public . As that , however , could not conveniently be done , he trusted , that early next session his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Sheridan ) would introduce such a bill ; or , if he did not , he himself would do it ; and he sincerely hoped , that his right hon . friend would succeed better in a mea- 1099 sure for the regulation of his own office , than his noble predecessor had done . The