Is it possible to suppose that ministers will so use these powers ? Or is there any reason to believe they will in fact authorize any greater infraction of the system than has latterly taken place ? The answer to all this is , if so , why pass the bill ? Is it not an insult to their understandings to suppose that they take all this trouble 976 to accomplish what experience has shewn the necessity of the case in itself effects , without such interference ? And why , if ministers really mean to do no more than what has hitherto been done , do they come to parliament to ask for powers to do that which never has been done , and which they declare they do not mean to attempt ? And why is parliament to be called on to adopt this new and most unconstitutional system of legislation , of granting excessive powers to ministers , who either can not or will not satisfactorily explain for what purposes they are wanted , or to what purposes they mean to apply them ? Such was the case in the Chelsea bill , such is to be the case in the training and other bills to which we are called upon to give our assent . To such a course of proceeding I must , on every principle , object , and I certainly have seen nothing in the mode in which his majesty 's present ministers conduct public business , which , either in point of efficiency or discretion , is calculated to command any very peculiar confidence.—The bills which passed immediately after the peace of 1783 , and which were alluded to by the rt . hon . secretary of state , ( Mr. Fox ) afford as little countenance to the present measure . They took place immediately on the separation of the American colonies . It is not to be wondered at that in the moment of such a convulsion , and when the supreme power of regulating all commercial concerns rested on the separate legislatures of the respective American states , that parliament should , for a time , entrust the privy council , under circumstances so new and anomalous , with the regulation of our intercourse with America , and accordingly a bill was passed to this effect , but it was only , an annual act , not for an indefinite period like the present , and it was discontinued with the necessity on which it was founded.—But even whilst these acts were in force , and whilst the power to regulate the trade was in the privy council , by proclamation , the intercourse between America and the West Indies was , as early as Dec. 1783 , confined to British ships , and so it continued till 1788 , when an act passed for the regulation of that intercourse.—It is material to compare the provisions of this act , viz . the 28 Geo . III . cap . 6 , with the bill now proposed ; the latter enables the privy council to open the colonial ports 977 to importation of every description of produce without reserve , from all states in amity , to the prejudice of the supply from the mother country . The former permitted import from America alone , and that was confined to certain enumerated articles , the principal of which were lumber , live-stock , and grain.—The present bill permits an unrestrained export of colonial produce to neutral states ; the former confined it to goods not then prohibited by law to be exported to America , and to certain specified articles in addition ; but the intercourse was in all cases to be carried on by British subjects and in British ships.—So jealous was the legislature at that time of any infraction of our navigation system , that in making provision for admitting the like articles from the foreign islands in the West Indies , in cases of peculiar emergency and distress , the permission to import was strictly confined in like manner to British subjects and British ships ,