of the regular army may be , we Would rather acquiesce in that augmentation being more limited or more slow , than sacrifice , at once all the other military establishments of the country for the purpose of hastening and extending it . In this difference of opinion I will admit for a moment that the right hon . gentleman may be right , and we wrong ; but it requires arguments , and better than any I have yet heard , to prove us so ; and till that has been proved , it can not be asserted with truth , that we are wilfully opposing that which we have acknowledged to be best calculated to obtain our object . And this , sir , leads me unavoidably to the recollection of the opinions expressed on a former night by the right hon . gent . opposite me , ( Mr. Fox ) , respecting the general state of our regular force , and the expediency and necessity of maintaining and extending it as much as possible : opinions , which , coming from a person of his pre-eminence both in talents and situation , from one whom it is impossible to consider as any other than the leading minister of the country ; could not but excite the most serious attention and solicitude . I am ready to allow , that with much , indeed with most , of what the right hon . gent . has said on that occasion , I cordially agree ; indeed upon much of it there Could be no difference of opinion . He told us that with an extensive and efficient regular army , an army not only in as perfect a state of discipline and military spirit as he admits our present army to be , but augmented to such an extent as to bear nearly the same proportion to the armies of the other powers of Europe , and particularly of France , as subsisted between our army and theirs in those periods of our military history to which we refer with most exultation , the wars of king William and queen Anne ; he told us , that , with such an army , he would engage to maintain the interests and honour of the country ; that , with such an army , he would continue , to vindicate our rank among the nations of the world . And he added most justly , and if with justice , I need not say , with that commanding eloquence with which he is always able to enforce any proposition ( but which was perhaps hardly necessary to enforce this , in which there is so general a concurrence ) that it was by maintaining our rank among nations , and our connection with the other nations of Europe alone , and not by any fanciful and selfish system of seperate interest and insulated policy , that we could ultimately hope to maintain even our own independent ex- 552 istence . All this , sir , I heard with admiration , and still recollect with satisfaction . But that which was wanting to complete my satisfaction , that which I still feel to be wanting , and which 1 wish I could hear the right hon . gent . this night supply , is the other alternative . 'Give me a great army , ' says the right hon . gent . 'such as I describe and require , and ' I will answer for the honour and interests of the country . ' But how , if after all our endeavours , if after resorting to every practicable plan for en-creasing the regular army , —how , if it should so happen , that physical causes , that the insurmountable difficulties arising from a limited population , combined with the demands of other concurrent and indispensable services , should prevent us from gratifying the right hon . gent . with an army to the full extent and amount which he requires ? How are we then to Understand the right hon . gent ? Are we then to