, by desertion , expose himself to that punishment , when he had the prospect before him of a release from the service , if he chose to leave it within a limited time . They must be much mistaken in the character of the soldier , who supposed that such a prospect would have no influence upon them . Indeed they must be quite irrational , unreflecting persons , if such a prospect had no effect . But the lower orders of the people who entered into the army , seemed to be much misunderstood by some gentlemen in that house . Those people were by no means the thoughtless , insensible , mere animals , which those gentlemen seemed , from the nature of their arguments , to assume . On the contrary , his firm belief was , that the calculation which this project served to encourage , would reconcile many to enlist who would not otherwise have endured the idea . And when once men got into the military life , he had not much fear that a desire would arise to any extent among them to leave it . The probability was , indeed , that but few would quit the service at the end of the first 7 years , when , from their efficiency , it would be most desirable that they should remain . Those however , it was to be remembered , who wished to leave the army after 7 years , it 452 would be in the power of their officers to retain for 3 years longer , if they thought fit ; and was it not likely that such men would rather prefer enlisting for a bounty for 7 years more , than remain for 3 years without any bounty ? With respect to the discontent and uneasiness said to exist among the army in consequence of the agitation of the proposal before the house , he could assert that nothing could be more unfounded . He therefore had no hesitation in saying that it was extremely unbecoming in any member to offer such an assertion . Before such an assertion was publicly made , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , who so confidently used it , ought at least to have taken the trouble to enquire into the fact . Even if the , thing did exist , it would have been unadvisable to notice it in the way the house had heard ; but as it was untrue , the assertion was highly reprehensible . The right hon . gent . had stated . that jealousy must naturally be expected to prevail among the present soldiery , as the benefit of this plan was not to extend to them . But no such jealousy did , or could exist ; for the advantages which the alleged cause of jealousy proposed to confer upon the present army were many and important . What ! was it nothing to hold out to the old soldier , after leaving the army , a more comfortable subsistence than he had heretofore enjoyed , or had any reason to calculate upon ? and the additional allowance to the men who had already served the time of 7 or 14 years would be important in a soldier 's estimate . The pot of beer at the end of the week would be to the soldier an acquisition of value , although so insignificant and so much the subject of ridicule with the right hon . gent . The situation , then , of those soldiers who had served 7 or 14 years , would be improved by the plan under consideration ; and such as had served 21 years , he understood it was in the contemplation of his right hon . friend to have immediately discharged , and granted , during the remainder of their lives , a shilling a day for subsistence . Could it then be rationally supposed that such a project was likely to excite discontent in the army ? or rather was it not natural that they would feel the warmest wish for