30,600 Per ann . 3,67,200 Total increase of the military charges in Sonata Rupees 60,19,200 Ditto in Sicca Rupees 56,40,000 Ditto in Pounds Sterling £705,000 ABSTRACT . Civil Charges , Pensions , & c. Sonant Rupees . Sicca Rupees . Pounds Sterl . Total £ Sterl . 40,64,000 38,20,160 477,520 Military Ditto . 1,182,520 60,19,200 56,40,000 705,000 1069 The increase of the military establishments required in India , and which I have now estimated beyond those of 1802-3 , are two regiments of native cavalry , and seven regiments of native infantry , in Bengal ; one regiment of native cavalry , and four regiments of native infantry on the establishment of fort St. George ; and one regiment of native infantry on thr establishment of Bombay.—In the general distribution of the armies in India , which was made subsequently to the treaties of peace , concluded at the end of the year 1803 , it was settled , that the army of Bengal supply the troops required for the subsidiary force to serve with Scindeah ( being six battalions ) , and the subsidiary force to serve with the ranah of Gohuo , ( being three battalions ) , as well as troops for the company 's territories under the presidency of Bengal , including the acquisitions in Bundlecund , those made from Scindeah in the Doab and in Hindustan , and the province of Cuttack.—By the same distribution the government of fort St. George was to supply , as it had formerly done , the troops to serve with the Nizam ; and all those required for the southern parts of the Peninsula , including the garrisons and provinces on the coast of Malabar ( with the exception of Goa ) , and one regiment of cavalry for the Peishwah ; —and the government of Bombay was to supply six battalions for the subsidiary force to serve with the Peishwah , three battalions to serve with the Guickwar , a garrison for Bombay , a garrison for Goa , and troops to occupy the territories ceded by the Peishwah and the Guickwar in Guzerat , and in the neighbourhood of Surat.—The establishments in the year 1802-3 having been formed on the lowest scale , compatible with the tranquillity and security , and with a view to external peace , it stands to reason , that they could not supply the additional troops required from them , without some additions . The establishment of Bengal required an addition of six battalions to serve with Scindeah , and three to serve with the ranah of Gohud.—The smallest number that could be required for the protection to be given to the cities of Delhi and Agra , to the person of the king , and to the territories in the Doab , in Hindustan , and in Cuttack , is two regiments of native cavalry , and five battalions of native infantry ; which numbers complete the augmentation ( viz . fourteen battalions ) made to the Bengal array since 1802-3.—By the late arrangements made 1070 in India with Scindeah , it appears that the subsidiary troops for that chieftain , and for the ranah of Gohud , will not be required for those services ; and if it had been intended to make a more favourable statement of the finances in India , than their situation warrants , it would have been possible to strike off from the estimate of increased military charges , ( amounting , as I have already shown , to upwards of 60 lacks of Rupees , ) the expence of four regiments of native infantry , at least : but it is apprehended , that the service of a portion of these troops will be required in . Bundlecund for some time ; and , at all events , that the number of two regiment of native cavalry , and five battalions of native infantry , is scarcely sufficient to perform the additional services which will be required from the Bengal army , in consequence of the additions made to the territories under the Bengal government , by the treaties of peace concluded at the