in the highest degree , unconstitutional ; and that he troops of the line are , strictly speaking , parliamentary army . The Mutiny bill , indeed , on the face of it , recognizes the right and authority to which I refer ; and any king , or any minister who should advise a king to deal with that army in any manner 497 inconsistent with the prescription of parliament , would be guilty of a breach of the Bill of Rights . The noble lord , instead of augmenting the difficulties which the right hon . secretary had to encounter , should rather endeavour to remove them . The public mind should go along with the measure . ( Hear ! hear ! ) You should be more adverse to France than to one another ; and this is not a time to be occupied about little objects . You must ; said the right hon . gent. , direct your minds to higher considerations , than those discontents which , we are told , may possibly arise among the navy , or among veteran soldiers . Let your difficulties be measured by your danger ; and those difficulties must be great , that should obstruct your progress . Look at the perilous grandeur of the power that assails you , and reflect upon the means necessary to maintain your own elevation . Do not suffer yourselves to be drawn aside from the proper provisions for your security by financial calculations . You were told , that America could not support her expenditure , and must , therefore , submit to your arms . The same argument was applied to France . But the calculation was wrong with respect to both . The Americans and the French were victorious . When a great nation determines to sacrifice wealth , and maintain a great principle , there may be danger ; there may be such a thing as death ; but there can not he defeat . said , he well , knew , and greatly respected , the abilities of the right hon . gent . who spoke last ; but he thought him mistaken in his view of the noble lord 's argument . The right hon . gent . argued , that if the measure did not produce men , it would not be attended with expence : now , the objection was , that it would be attended with immense expence , without producing any men . .The right hon . gent . commended the measure for merits which it did not possess : for , surely , it did not go to give any new civic benefits to the subject . The right hon . gent . also differed very widely from what the right hon . mover of this measure thought the soldier ought to be . If the right hon . gent . had heard the right hon . secretary 's opening speech , he would have heard him say , that the character of the soldier ought to be distinct from every thing else . The right hon . gent . contended , that it ought to be united and blended with the character of the artisan . One general objection to the trial of this experiment was , that we had no experience 498 to direct us ; for , there was no example of any country trying it , in the same manner , to the same extent , and under the same circumstances . The example of France was cited , but with all admission , that there the principle was found inconvenient as soon as the American war broke out , and departed from by a precise ordonnance , that no man was to be discharged during the war . If an act of parliament could be violated with as much levity here , as a royal ordonnance was there , the consideration would not be so serious . He was sure the hon , officer opposite , when he said , the other night , that the country would have the benefit of this measure ten