length into the arguments which were now brought forward : but as a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had seemed to consider his silence as in some degree contumelious to the house , he must say that there could be no contumely in not replying to arguments which did not properly belong to the subject of debate . He did not mean to say , that there was any impropriety in the right hon . gentlemen 's introducing those topics , or that they ought not to have been introduced , but he must complain that they dwelt exclusively upon topics that had a very distant connexion with the subject , and hardly said a word upon the subject itself . Surely the nature of the bill that was to be repealed , was a consideration as material as any topic that could be connected with it . He had expected a different line of argument when the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) moved for such an immense mass of papers ; but instead of that , he was much astonished at hearing that noble lord himself afterwards say , `` that he gave little weight to arguments that were drawn from papers . '' The argument from the papers must have been much against the noble lord before he could make such a declaration . It reminded him of the very bad symptom in the case of Sir Roger de Coverly , when he `` lost his roast beef appetite ; '' and when the noble lord could speak with contempt of papers and details , it was pretty evident the arguments they afforded were much against him . Not being willing , however , to imitate the example of the gentlemen opposite on this subject , he would confine himself to the consideration of the act , the repeal of which was now before the house . For a year after it had passed , nothing was heard of it ; not only in the town but in the country . Every body was asking what had become of it . At last it was considered dead . Then came the famous letter from lord Hawkesbury , and , as appeared by the first volume of papers on the table , a kind of coroner 's inquest sat on the act . As a it seemed to be the fashion in modern novels , to begin instead of ending with a marriage , by way of giving a new turn and astonishing their readers , so in the details in these papers , they commenced with the death of the hero of them . He should be very unwilling to disobey the admonition `` de mortu 's nil , nisi `` bonum , '' but the fact was that he was not 131 really dead . This was soon suspected . A looking glass was applied to his mouth , and it was with joy found that he stained it with his breath . Immediately the whole apparatus of the Humane Society was set to work . Bellows , flannels , hot water , and friction , were used with persevering industry , and by slow degrees resuscitation began to take place . The act , it seemed , was like those aromatic plants which would not yield their scent , until they had been chafed and rubbed a little . The title of the bill was `` a bill to provide a permanent force for the defence of the country ; '' but in its operation it was any thing else . There was a mortal principle in the very stamina of it , which went to destroy it . If it succeeded , it would have been but a temporary measure . He must , indeed , allow that there never was any great danger of that , or any likelihood of its becoming felo-de-se on account of its success . If the quota it was to raise was 9,000 men , after a certain time , no more could be expected from it than to supply the casualties of that quota