bill was introduced when we were at the beginning of a war , with our own military establishments on a very reduced scale , while the enemy had a large and well disciplined army actually on foot , with which he threatened us with immediate invasion . At such a moment any plan was judicious which placed arms in the hands of such a proportion of the loose population as the government thought canal to any necessity that might arise . But this was not the case at present : we had now a larger military establishment than the country had ever known ; our militia. , by long experience and discipline , was little inferior to the regular army and we had 300,000 volunteers , most of whom had been reported fit to act with troops of the line . There was nothing in the situation of the country to create dismay , or to justify calling on the public to submit to the onerous and oppressive operation of this bill . The bill of 1803 gave a distinct option to the country , either to raise the number of volunteers prescribed by government , or to incur the inconveniences of the levy-en-masse . The country did not hesitate to accept the alternative , and the number of volunteers were raised without the least difficulty , and the government might have had three times as many if they had chosen to accept them . It was a distinct bargain made with the country , that by raising the volunteers , they should exempt themselves from compulsory training . After the country had scrupulously performed their part of the covenant , the government was precluded from resorting again to the measure which was now brought forward , without a manifest breach of public faith . The bill was also very objectionable , as it imposed an intolerable tax on the lowest orders of the labourers , the manufacturers , and the artisans , of whom this force was to be composed . The ordinary earnings of such persons might be taken at three shillings a day , whereas the pay allowed by government would amount to only is . so that each man would lose 2s . a day for every day he went out . This would amount to no less than 480,000l . supposing the whole 200,000 men called out for twenty four days . The bill was also partial and unjust as applying to Eng- 906 land alone . Why was Scotland excepted ? If the bill was a benefit , as some contended , why was that part of the united kingdom to be exempted from such benefit ? or , if it was a burden , what had Scotland done to redeem herself from her share of the pressure ? No man could doubt the zeal and loyalty of that part of the kingdom , and no man could doubt that in case of invasion the coast of Scotland was as much exposed to attack as that of England ; and why were they to be defended both by men and money at our expence ? The bill had been called an experiment , and as such should be first tried on a cow fined scale : that might be a very good argument to Scotland , who was exempted from the burden , but would hardly be satisfactory to us who were to bear the whole expence . As to the volunteers , this plan was not calculated to encourage them : it took from them not only much of their allowances , but also many of those advantages which had contributed to raise them to the high state of discipline which they had attained . The language of contempt which had so lavishly been bestowed on that system , coupled with the provisions of this bill . must effectually damp the spirit and activity of the volunteers . It could not be expected from men , who served at great inconvenience and trouble to themselves , to continue in the service when they had so much reason to think that their exertions were