it was a mere skeleton , a caput mortuum , and did nothing , or worse than nothing : at one time it was totally inefficient , and again it was most mischievously efficient . It was at first utterly inadmissible , on account of certain obnoxious clauses , and now it seems it was rendered much worse by the expunging of those clauses , 622 Now really , with all due deference to the profound logic and consistent precision of the noble lord , these were properties which could not by possibility exist in the same measure . The bill , in a committee , had certainly undergone considerable alterations . It had been reduced in point of volume and extent ; but it was thereby rendered more compact and precise , and therefore more simple in its operation : but , perhaps , the noble lord thought this an imperfection , and judged of it , not by its strength and clearness , but its bulk , as ignorant people do sometimes of a medicine , conceiving that a pill can have no virtue , because , instead of being like a musquet ball , it is no bigger than a pin 's head . But the value of a thing did not alway consist in its bulk , and it was by no means impossible to render either a speech or a bill better by abridgment , as the present bill and the last speech would evince . The bill in fact , in its present shape , did every thing which it ought to do ; it established and declared a principle , and left the application of that principle , where it ought to be left , in the hands of his majesty . It did by legislation all that legislation ought to do , and left to regulation what properly belonged to it ; and as to the performance towards the soldier of every thing the bill promised , it stood upon the same ground as the pay of the army , the provisions of the mutiny bill , and the present allowances of Chelsea hospital , namely , the faith of parliament , which was not the less honourable or the less punctually kept because its votes were only annual . The noble lord complained that the bill was unintelligible as to its objects ; but he had made a very long speech to prove the contrary , at least so far as respected himself ; and he believed the noble lord was the only person in the house who could plead weakness of intellect on the subject . Another charge was , that he had not made a speech to explain his own view of the subject , or the mode by which he meant to carry the bill into effect , But he should conceive , if that were really necessary , the charge of unintelligibility would be justly incurred . The bill had gone through its regular stages : every regular opportunity for discussion had been afforded , and if the noble lord was still unenlightened upon the subject , he must refer him to the bill , which would speak for itself . after some preliminary observations , said , that whether this all wise , this all perfect administration ought to form 623 an exception , whether the house could safely confide in them to the extent demanded , was a question upon which , perhaps , there might be some difference of opinion upon the different sides of the house ; but after the experience we have had of the inaccuracy , in all detail , the imprudence , and the peculiar indiscretion of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , who presided as it should seem , with such uncontrouled sway , over this branch of the national service ; whether the house should vote away thus blindfold the money of the people , reposing implicit confidence that it would be discreetly applied , was a question on which , he believed , there could be no difference of opinion on either