, without hearing and attending to the opinions of all the experienced officers that were members of it . He had listened with great attention to the able and eloquent speech of the right hon . gent . without being convinced , or induced to alter any part of his former opinion . The discussion then pending was a question to leave out an usual clause in the Mutiny bill , for the purpose of introducing an innovation that was not likely to produce any practical good effect , and might be attended with much mischief . He was one of those who thought , from the delays that had occurred between the opening speech and the production of the measure , that his majesty 's ministers had abandoned the project , or 439 resolved to put off the consideration of it for the present , because he thought that otherwise they would not , upon what appeared to him shallow pretences , have refused to the house such lights as could be derived from the written opinions of experienced officers , one of which , if he was rightly informed , had been given in lately . He had hoped , that they had re-consulted those general officers , and were disposed to act upon their opinions . But as they had not , he , upon a feeling of duty , felt himself called upon to enter his protest , in that stage , against this dangerous innovation . He did so , not according to the distinction made by the right hon . gent . relative to the sworn servants of the crown , and those on the side of the house on which be was speaking . He , as a member , sworn of his majesty 's council , was bound , if called on , to give his advice to the best of his judgment , as he gave his opinion there as a member of that house . A great objection which he felt to this measure was , the manner in which it was attempted to be ingrafted on the mutiny bill , because it was wholly unnecessary in the first place , and unconstitutional in the next place , for his majesty 's ministers to attempt to introduce it in this manner . It was unnecessary , because , as the right hon . secretary had observed on another occasion , that house ought not to legislate on subjects that did not require legislation . He should ask that right hon . gent . why introduce the matter into this bill , if the undoubted prerogative of the crown were sufficient ? On what pretence , then , engraft this clause on the Mutiny bill ? The measure now in agitation might be done by an order of his majesty , without any interference of the kind . Was there any fear or doubt of government ? Was there any doubt on the part of the soldiers of his majesty ? Then why introduce any thing respecting their service into a legislative act ? There were within his knowledge , and not in the very best of times , but two instances of similar attempts ; one in the reign of queen Anne , under the administration of lord Bolingbroke , and the other during the American war , in lord North 's administration . It was taking advantage , both of the parliament and of his majesty . It was like packing extraneous matter into a money-bill , which must pass , As to his majesty , it was depriving him of his prerogative . He had a right to exercise his prerogative , and to withhold his consent to the measure ; but 440 how could he do so , when it was engrafted on a bill , which , in the nature of things , must pass ? There were , besides these , many objections to the measure itself ; some of which he should state . He had no very confident expectation , that any thing he could say would have much effect with the present