iron ones , an object which this tax must in a great measure defeat . Yet it would even then be felt most severely in the construction of these wooden railways . The ramifications of injury that the tax would cause were innumerable . Was the noble lord aware how it would affect the coal trade ? On a moderate celculation , it would raise the price of coals one shilling per ton . The quantity imported into London within the year exceeded a million of chaldrons . Thus from this small advance 50,000l . burden would arise . The utmost at which the friends of the tax computed its annual amount was 300,000l . The opponents of it thought not so much . The additional charge , therefore , merely on coals brought to London , came to a sixth of the whole produce of the tax ! Another baneful effect of the tax would be , that by its operation on the machinery of our manufactories , horses would be substituted in many cases , and this at a time when we were paying millions annually to the continent fur foreign grain . Was the noble lord aware of the increase in the price of wood that this tax must necessarily occasion ? At the present moment iron was applied to purposes for which large timber would then be used . Would it be wise to increase the demand for timber of this description at a period when it was already so alarmingly scarce ? With regard to iron of the higher and finer kind ; in many manufactures it had to pass through three or four different hands . 76 In each of these stages an augmentation of price would take place . But this was a part of the subject winch he would leave to those who were more conversant with it than himself . He would confine himself to the notice of those large works , many of which , if this bill were to pass , would be compelled to be closed . There was at that moment a canal constructing , the trough of which was forming of iron . Was it possible that this could be carried on under the oppressive effect that the tax must produce ? Amidst all the increases that had taken place on the various articles of British traffic and manufacture , no increase had been made on the price of iron . This was attributable to the skill and activity of our manufacturers ; but if this bill passed , the greater part of them would be ruined , and the business being then monopolized by a few , the most injurious consequences must ensue . He was justified in asserting , that only men of very extraordinary capital , and who had the power of enlarging that capital at pleasure , could then commence iron works ; for , supposing the distance from a work to the mine to be but 30 miles , an increase of capital to the amount of 21,000l . would then become necessary merely for the additional expence of the iron railway . He had last session opposed the tax on agricultural horses , as directly affecting the interests of the husbandman ; but when he compared that tax with the one in contemplation , he could not but prefer the direct tax to one which would operate more heavily , though in a circuitous manner . It was supposed , that the proposed measure would be equivalent to a duty of 12s . on each husbandry horse ; and when the quantity of iron used about a farm was considered , this was , perhaps , not an exaggerated supposition . He would take it , however , at 5s . a horse . The number of husbandry horses in use was a million , and thus would the farming interest incur a burden at least , and on the most moderate calculation , of 250,000l . There were 200,000 pleasure horses , the additional expence on each .of which would be 10s . making 100,000l . which added to