side of the house . Yet that was what the house would be called upon to do ; for he defied any man to say when he voted for the passing of this bill , whether the pension to the discharged soldier was to be one shilling a day , or two , or five , or ten . That all was to depend upon the orders hereafter to be made by his majesty , which orders the prudence of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) would have to frame . And the disgraceful state in which the house , as the guardian of the public purse , was placed by this proceeding , was the more remarkable when it was recollected what had been said by the right . hon . secretary for the war department . For it had been admitted by him , that the house could not possibly discuss or consider the alteration which had been adopted in the mutiny bill without having under consideration at the same time these Chelsea regulations . For this purpose , the two bills were to be in the house together , their progress through the house was to be concurrent , and they were to be taken into consideration , as far as the forms of the house would admit , at the same time . To enable the house to do this , he said , the bill now under consideration was originally introduced with the several clauses , affecting to detail several of the regulations which were to be adopted ; they were clauses , which , till the blanks were filled up in them , it was impossible to understand ; and the only mode which the house had had of guessing even at what the effect of them would be , was by such recollection as might remain of the right hon . gent 's speech ( Mr. Windham 's ) ten or twelve weeks before . But when this bill went into the committee the house , he said , had some hopes that these blanks would be filled up , and that it would come out of the committee in a state in which it could be understood . But no ; 624 the very reverse of these expectations took place ; the committee instead of filling up the blanks in the clauses , struck out the clauses : instead of filling up the blanks , made in this respect one great blank : one great blank , una litura , was the amendment . And here again , he said , the right hon . gent . had misconceived his noble friend ( Lord Castlereagh ) ; for imagining that the noble lord had objected to this course of proceeding , as taking the house by surprize , he had reminded the house that there could be no ground for that charge , because the bill had been recommitted . But his noble friend , he said , had not adverted to this circumstance with a view to charge any want of candour on the proceeding . He had mentioned it only to account for his having delayed , till so late a stage of the bill as the third reading , to make any observations upon it . In the stages prior to the committee , the noble lord had shewn that it was impossible to make any , because , till the blanks were filled up , there was no understanding the clauses ; when the clauses were struck out , there was no possibility of doing it on the recommitment ; unless it could be supposed that it was the duty of the noble lord on the recommitment , to try what he could do at framing clauses to execute the right hon . gent . 's seemed to have despaired of being able to do himself , and therefore had struck the clauses out altogether . When therefore these clauses were struck out , the objections to the bill assumed a new shape ; a formidable objection to its principle arose , that ,