order to make it complete , than to pass another on purpose to supply an omission . said , that the injustice which would result from the omission was so apparent , that the amendments would certainly be made in the house of lords ; the consequence of which would be , as they related to the dispensation of money , that the bill would be altogether rejected on its return to this house.—After the Speaker had explained away a doubt of Mr. Fox 's as to the forms permitting the bill to stand over , Mr. Secretary Windham withdrew his motion , that the bill do pass , and the bill stands over for to-morrow , in order to have the amendments added . said , he had before put a question to the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) as to the time when he would bring forward the measures which the country had been for some time expecting ? As neither courtesy , nor a sense of duty on the part of the rt . hon . secretary had induced him to return an answer , he ( Mr. Yorke ) repeated the question . replied , that he did not know that he was bound to answer the interrogatories of the right hon gent. , but he would say , if a day had been open which he could have fixed upon for the purpose of bringing those measures before the house , the right hon . gent 's . question would have been unnecessary . He had already said , that what he had to submit was ready ; and he would not add , that a day would soon be mentioned for the purpose . replied , that he had asked the question as a matter of courtesy . He did not know whether , after the bills were ordered , it was not in the power of any member to move that they be brought in forthwith . observed , that if so , the right hon . gent . might make a motion on the subject , but could not compel him to answer his question . On the motion of lord Henry Petty , the house then went into a committee to consider his majesty 's message of yesterday , lord viscount Howick in the chair . then rose and said that , in the terms of his majesty 's most gracious 142 message , he should have to move , first , that a sum of 5000l . per annum for ever be granted to his majesty out of the consolidated fund , as an annuity to the family of the late lord viscount Nelson , and the persons succeeding to the title of earl Nelson ; and , secondly , that a further sum of 120,000l . be granted to purchase an estate to descend to that family . Although he was convinced no persuasion could be necessary on his part to induce the house to adopt these propositions , indeed that there was not a man in the kingdom who could be brought to think any tribute too great to the memory and services of such a person , yet he could not bring himself to submit the proposition altogether without comment . He felt it to be one of the highest gratifications of his life that it had fallen to his lot to submit this subject to the house . Much as it was his duty , strongly as it would accord with his inclinations , to bring forward any measure which could increase the finances and add to the resources of the country , not even that agreeable duty could he perform with more pleasure than he now called on them to pay away this large grant . From the consequences of that grant , he hoped , would spring more valuable advantages to the country than any money could bestow , in the emulation which the respect and admiration in which his glorious deeds would be seen to have been held , must inspire into the breasts of our future commanders . The