acceded to , and the report was made , and permission given accordingly . The Clyde Canal bill was read a third time , and passed.—The Solicitor General brought up the bill for altering and amending the several laws relating to Bankrupts , which was read a first time.—Mr . Vansittart , brought up a bill for regulating the Auditing of Public Accounts . Read a first time.—Mr . Dugdale moved the further consideration of the Report of the Birmingham Canal bill ; a conversation ensued on an Amendment moved by sir J. Wrottesley , that the report be taken into consideration this day three months ; and a division took place ; for the amendment 57 ; against it 33 ; majority 24 . The bill was of course lost for this session.—Mr . Alexander brought up the Report of the East India Shipping bill , which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday.—Sir John Newport , pursuant to notice , moved that the Order of the Day for taking into consideration the County of Wexford Election Petition , on Wednesday , the 3d of July , be deferred to Wednesday the 10th of July , Ordered.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the house in a committee of Ways and Means , agreed to a resolution for granting a sum of 4,500,000l . from the arrears outstanding of 14,500,000l . voted as the produce of the war taxes of the year 1805 , and remaining to he received on 30th May 1806 . This was to make good a like sum issued on Exchequer bills , on the aids of this year to replace Exchequer Bills of last year to the same amount , called in.—In answer to a question from Mr. Huskisson as to the amount of the outstanding balance of the war taxes for that Year on 30th May last , Mr. Vansittart stated , that the amount received at that time was about 4,900,000l . He could not however , state exactly ; but in a few days the account would be accurately made up . The report to be received on , Monday.—Mr . Hobhouse reported the answers of general Craig to the questions put by a committee of the house , in relation to the charges against marquis Wellesley . Ordered to be printed ; as were 857 also the minutes of evidence taken before a committee of the whole house upon the Oude charge against the noble Marquis . The house went into a committee on the bill for the suspension of the militia ballot . thought that though it was not intended now to extend the training to Scotland , correct lists of the population of that country would be useful with a view to its eventual extension to it ; and that in a country where military spirit was so prevalent , the suspension of the ballot would be useful with a view to recruiting . thought the continuance of the ballot in that country would operate as a stimulus to volunteering . The lists of the population may be called for at the same time that the training was extended , if at a future time that should seem fit.—The report was brought up , and ordered to be taken into further consideration On Tuesday . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the bill for incorporating the Philanthropic Society . The bill was read a third time , and , after a short adjournment of the proceedings on the third reading , in order to afford time for engrossing a clause proposed by Mr. Tierney , with a view to make the society responsible for any costs or charges that might be incurred by the parish , in case any of the persons educated in the institution should hereafter become a burthen to the parish , the clause was brought up , but opposed by Mr. Holford and Mr. Perceval , on the ground of the absurdity of such a provision , which would have the effect of subjecting the charity to repay to die