they should therefore forego their official salary . But he had not heard that it was ever proposed , that the duke of Bedford , for instance , should relinquish his official salary as lord lieutenant of Ireland , because he possessed a large private fortune . Many of the field-officers of the militia were possessed of very moderate fortunes . He had belonged to that body for 20 years , and he had found his pay fully exhausted by his contribution to the mess , and by his house-rent alone when on service : an extension 1037 of the additional pay to those would , therefore , prove acceptable . Every private gentleman who entered the militia as an officer , gave up his time to the service , and was , in a great degree , incapacitated from attending to his private affairs . He therefore deprecated the measure as unconstitutional , and not founded on any analogy with what took place as to individuals in other official situations . observed , that field-officers in the militia must possess a certain degree of property in the country , and therefore there was not the same reason for making an addition to their pay , as for increasing that of field-officers in the regulars , who were in general very differently situated . contended , that the principle of the measure went to spew , that officers of the militia should have no pay at all.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill , which was accordingly brought up by the secretary at war , who moved that it be read a first time . protested against the principle of the bill , which would give a deathblow to the militia . The Secretary at War said , that the notice which he had given was , that an increase of pay should be given only to officers of a particular rank , and in certain cases , as it was expressed in the bill . This was not exactly a measure for a general increase of pay , therefore the hon . baronet might as well complain that it was not extended to colonels . said , that , from what he now understood the bill to be , it gave much greater powers to ministers than what were necessary for the object which they had in view . The law at present was , that the militia , as to pay , should be exactly on the same footing with the infantry in the regulars . But now it appeared that , in certain cases , an increase was to be allowed to the one and not to the other . But the particular object was to give the increase of pay to the militia subalterns , and to withhold it from the other officers . There was no such particular distinction , however , in the bill . Besides , the principle would certainly go this length , that no pay should be allowed to the superior militia officers at all , and the measure could not be defended on any other ground . This might be a good principle , but it certainly was one which deserved some consideration before it was established ; and therefore to 1038 propose it at this late period of the session , was not very fitting . stated , that this Would not affect the officers now serving in the militia , as they were not put upon a worse footing than when they entered , and this went only so far as to say , that they had no claim to a participation in the proposed increase.—But the learned gentleman objected to the principle . The principle , however , was not what he had stated it to be . It was not that the militia officers ought to have no pay at all , but upon the plain and obvious one , that different kinds of service ought to be differently rewarded . The pay , it was true , had been the same hitherto : but was that a reason why it should not be