released from military duty occasioned discontents ; and most gentlemen would know , at least as a matter of history , that , at Portsmouth , a spirit of this destructive kind prevailed in the 77th regiment , and that important garrison was placed in the most alarming situation . Such was the state of the army at the conclusion of the American war . The navy and the finances were disorganised after the American war ; and when party spirit should subside , justice would be done to that great man who had brought both back font their disorgarnised state . As to the right hon . gentleman 's assertion , that the measure would have no effect on the character of the soldier , he was convinced , when the soldier had a definitive time to look to for his discharge , he would feel uneasy , and , consequently , not perform his duty with alacrity . That had been the case with the militia , when inlisted for three years , until , in the year 1781 , a change was made in engaging them during the war , which made them look to the service as to a profession . He was surprised to find , that the right hon . gent . stated only , as he had before opened , his plan , without any explanation of the mode in which he expected to get rid of the inconveniences of it . The next object to be taken into our view was , the particular inconvenience in our colonial service , which must inevitably result from this plan . His majesty 's ministers , however , had not stated to the house , or to the committee , with any degree of precision , what were their dreams on this subject . The right hon . gent . had stated , in his opening speech , that in case of a regiment entering on foreign service , the men whose terms were near expiring , might be drafted into second battalions . There would , however , be numberless inconveniences resulting from this plan in the minutiæ of every regimental ar- 445 rangement ; and the right hon . gent . migh depend upon it , that if men had about 6 or 8 months to serve , and that they were ordered out to India , that circumstance would occasion a considerable degree of discontent among them . The army in the East Indies presented another obstruction . By the time the men had arrived , and had been seasoned to the climate , and prepared to face the enemy , so considerable a portion of their time would be expired , that they could be of very little use to the service . He should have considered it a dereliction of his duty , if he had not called upon the house to pause before they agreed to a measure that was not supported by a single fact . He might ask the right hon . gent . to state the means by which he expected to supply the casualties of the troops even in India , where the peace establishment can not hereafter he less than 25,000 men . He was not able , he confessed , to follow the calculations of the right hon . secretary ; but this much he observed , that the casualties of our army , from the discharges that would take place under this clause , would , in a few years , be so great , that our military force would not be sufficient to maintain our position among the powers of Europe , and that some other plan should then be resorted to for the purpose of recruiting our army . Could the right hon . secretary suppose , that , if a serjeant said to a man that he would inlist him for only the term of 7 years , and that he was afterwards kept for 2 or 3 years longer , in the service , could he expect that , in such circumstances , more men would be got