had moved to refer all those papers upon the table to a committee of the whole house , he wished to know if the hon . member proposed to do any more in the committee than merely to propose his resolutions . The noble lord thought it would have been a more candid mode of proceeding if the hon . member had proposed the committee in the first instance . professed himself but little acquainted with the forms of the house ; and having already discharged , as he thought , his duty , was willing to submit to any mode of proceeding the house might think it proper to adopt . Having stated the charges he thought it his duty to make , he was ready to be advised by the house as to the best mode of proceeding for giving them effect . replied , that it was rather extraordinary the hon . gent. , if he was so ignorant of the proper order of parliamentary proceedings , did not consult with somebody who could have directed him . The honourable gentleman , however , had availed himself of the opportunity of making a long speech , in crimination of the character of a noble earl , in the hope that at all events his object would be answered by the publication of this speech , if no one should oppose the motion , so that his speech might go forth in print , unrefuted in the first instance . He would therefore advise his honourable friends , who meant to vindicate the character and conduct of the earl of St. Vincent , to proceed in the debate on the present question . said , that if that was the wish of the noble lord , he should be well pleased to go immediately into the discussion.—The question being then put , rose , and , in offering himself to the notice of the house , for the purpose of refuting a series of charges , , which he conceived to be the most unfounded that ever were offered to any house of parliament , he could have wished the task had fallen into abler hands than his own . He must also lament that he was not so well prepared with an arranged series of written documents as the hon . gent. , to read in defence of the noble lord whose cause it was now his task to vindicate . But these were not the only difficulties with which he had to contend . Through the whole course of this proceeding , the hon . gent . had most studiously avoided giving the slightest hint as to what direction his charges would take ; for if the hon . gent . had given any explanation upon that head , it would not have been necessary for him to have troubled the house with moving such a number of papers , or impressing upon their consideration so voluminous a mass of documents , as the proofs necessary to his purpose would have lain in so much narrower a compass . It was not until 1 ? o'clock that day that he had read the heads of those charges that night adduced by the hon . member , in a speech of such unusual length ; and pressed as he was by the avocations of his official duty , from nine every morning till six in the afternoon , he had not much time to prepare himself for an answer to the hon . gent . Trusting , however , to the indulgence of the house , he would proceed , as well as he could , in reply to the charges which had been urged against his noble friend . The first point adverted to by the hon . member related to ship-building ; and he stated that the number of ships of the line added to the navy , from Jan. 1793 to 1801 , including captures , was 66 ships ; but conceiving it an unfair statement to include captured ships under the head of building , he must beg to dismiss them from the