question had been asked , if a service is eligible for seven years , why should it not be eligible for life ? There might certainly be men who would choose to serve for life , but at the same time could it possibly be contended that men , generally speaking , would not be much more willing to enter into the service when they were assured that , in case they did not like it , they might leave it at the end of 7 years ? If they did like it , they might still continue in it till they had served 21 years . He should think that there was scarcely any one who would insist much upon that argument when it had so often been the practice to give men this option with a view to induce them to enter the service . The thing was consonant to the feelings of mankind . The change in the terms of the service must , in the nature of things , have a most powerful effect in rendering the condition of the soldier more eligible , and consequently in inducing men to enlist . It might , therefore , be confidently expected that this measure would produce men . Now , an hon . general ( sir James Pulteney ) had argued that , as we had already a mixed kind of force , we must procure more men than if there was only one single kind : and this , he said , no one could deny . He did how- 428 ever , deny it . For though you might get inert between the two , which you could not get for one sort of service , it did riot therefore follow that you could get more . He said that the soldier , by means of our mixed force , had an option given him either to engage for limited or unlimited service ; and that thus every one who chose to serve at all , might do so in either of these ways most agreeable to himself ; and , consequently , that many were induced to engage who would never have entered the service at all , had there been no such option . He said , that we offered the man one sort of service , limited both as to time and place , and another sort , unlimited in both cases . Did he consider this as all we had to offer ? The men might say that they liked limited service in point of time , but that they did not like one limited in point of space . Unless men disliked limited service in point of space , what induced them to enter the regular army at all ? Yet men did enter the army , and that too from the service said to possess so many attractions . Yet it might be said , why does the person who would wish a limitation in point of time , dislike a limitation in point of space ? Why , he might think it disagreeable to stay at home . He might wish to go abroad ; he might wish to be a real soldier , to engage in such actions as those of which he had heard so much , and. , to see those heroes who entitled themselves to the applause and the gratitude of their country . But , though he desired no limitation in point of space , yet it might be a most valuable object to him to have a limitation in point of time , instead of entering upon a service of which he could not see the end . He might eagerly desire to come back to his own country , after a certain term of service , in order to describe what he had done and what he had seen , in order to talk of `` Antres vast and deserts idle . '' He might have some rustic Desdemona , to whom he would wish to detail his `` hair-breadth scapes i'th ' iminent deadly breach , '' his `` moving