could nut be considered , by any means , fair towards any of the parties concerned , but particularly towards the petitioners , who had been for many years applying to parliament for redress . Their case was of such a nature as to call for a satisfactory decision , and he felt encouraged to persevere in his exertions to obtain it , from the result of the investigation respecting the woollen manufactures , which the house had heard to-day , and which he had never relaxed his endeavours to produce . While the parties , in that case , were left in suspense , the determination of their business being long postponed , great distress prevailed among them ; and such must naturally be expected to arise among the parties in this instance also , it the house declined much longer to decide upon the object of their application . He did not mean to propose taut the house should come to a final decision upon the subject , in the course of the present session , but merely to refer it to a committee , who would not , he ventured to state , require more than one hour 's deliberation to determine upon it , in such a way as should satisfy the parties , and form the basis of a legislative arrangement , which be pledged himself to bring forward early in the next session . was glad to understand hat it was not the hon . gent . 's intention to propose any legislative provision in the course of the present session , as the attendance was so thin from the Northern part of the country , to which his business was so particularly interesting.—The mo- 1015 tion was agreed to , and a committee appointed to sit to-morrow . brought in the bill for granting additional annuities to the younger branches of the royal family . said , he took great shame to himself , that he had not , by attending his duty on a former evening , had an opportunity of stating his sentiments upon this subject when it was originally brought forward . That such a proposition should have been submitted to parliament , under the present circumstances of the country , and particularly by the noble lord , so distinguished for the profession of economy , was , to him , he confessed , no less a matter of regret , than of astonishment . The house , in general , indeed , must have been taken by surprise in this proceeding ; for nothing had , he ventured to say , ever been brought before parliament in a similar manner . He begged the house to recollect , that the noble lord had , in the first instance , introduced this measure to the house , as a bill merely to rectify a mistake in a former act ; but , immediately afterwards , comes a proposition to make a considerable increase in the salaries allowed to the junior branches of the royal family , recommended by a message from his majesty . When the situation of the country was taken into view , when it was considered that the income tax was raised to 10 per cent. , that several persons , of a certain rank in life , paid 17½per cent. , and that , indeed , most people paid no less , in public contributions , than 50 per cent . of their whole revenue , the country must be amazed to hear of this bill . For the illustrious personages , who were the objects of this bill , he professed the utmost respect ; and he would be very ready to pay his own proportion of any contribution that might be necessary to the maintenance of their splendour and happiness . If the lords and commons were , alone , called upon for a contribution of this nature , he would most cheerfully assent to it ; but , feeling for the people , who were already so borne down , he could not consent to increase their burthens , particularly upon such grounds