found their opinions entirely on a fallacy ; they spoke as if they considered that a system , which in fact was nothing more than a provisional regulation for the benefit of our shipping , and for the occasional supply of our colonies . These gentlemen , however , who were so extremely tender about the navigation laws , and who were so constantly in the habit of extolling the great virtues of the rt . hon . gent . now no more , ( Mr. Pitt ) did not seem to recollect any thing about the Dutch property act that was passed during the administration of that gentleman . When it was apprehended that Holland was about to be annexed to France , at first an order in council was passed , permitting the landing of Dutch property in this country from neutral vessels . This practice was afterwards by a positive law extended , and was in that extended state continued for upwards of 4 years , to the total ruin of our navigation laws . Let those gentlemen then triumph in their long experience in that administration ; but let them not at the same time affect a tenderness about our navigation laws . rose , merely to state the effect that the proposed regulation had produced in Ireland . The persons concerned in the provision trade , instead of supposing themselves at all injured by this bill , considered that it would promote the export of provisions from that country . They considered that it would be much safer to embark in the trade of supplying the West Indies with provisions , when the discretion was in the privy-council , than formerly when it was vested in the govern- 729 ors of the islands . At the same time they had now sufficient notice , that if they were not able to supply the markets , the port would be open to the American vessels He felt a considerable degree of surprise a finding that this bill was opposed by the ship-owners , as it appeared to him that it was much more to their advantage , that the discretion which must rest somewhere , should remain with the privy council , than that it should be given to the governors of the islands , who sometimes might be supposed to act capriciously , and from the influence of the planters . In letting this discretion remain with the privy council , the decisions was brought to their own door . As to the provision trade , when the latter had been so much dwelt upon , the gentlemen on the other side should also have considered the bounties that were given on exportation from our colonies , and the pains that were taken to give this country and its colonies every advantage in supplying the West India market . He could declare most positively , and he could bring documents to prove it , that when the persons concerned in the provision trade in Ireland had been applied to upon this subject , their answer was , that they would embark in the trade with much greater confidence and spirit , when they knew that it would be governed by a fixed rule , laid down by the privy-council , than they would have done when the discretion remained entirely with the governors of the islands , and when they were not sure but that on the arrival of their provisions some arbitrary and capricious order might , by giving an advantage to the Americans , prevent the sale of them . He concluded by declaring , that this measure had given more satisfaction to the Irish merchants concerned in the provision trade , than all the measures which the boasted experience of the gentlemen on the other side of the house could in twenty years enable them to suggest.—The house then divided , when there appeared , For the second reading 112 : For the amendment 54 Majority 58—file bill was afterwards read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Friday . List of the Minority . Ashley , C. Castlereagh