the inspection of parliament , as they were before . remarked , that the expences were always hitherto before the house , but that it was now binding its faith to make them good without knowing their amount . answered , that the parliament would have cognizance of them when it was called upon for the payment . said , the clause would give the soldier a legislative right to a pension , whether he by his conduct deserved it or not , as it went by length of service . He hoped some regulations would be made to prevent men , who had behaved improperly , from enjoying that benefit ; and , upon the whole , thought it would be better to leave it , as before , at the discretion of the crown . said , in reply , that if a man behaved improperly , he was liable to be deprived of the benefit of the provision by the sentence of a general court-martial . said , he could not help re- 575 marking on this sort of objection ; for the gentlemen at first complained , that the new plan would destroy the undoubted prerogative of the crown , and now objected , that it would give the king too much power . explained , that he did not mean to object to the clause , but should prefer leaving all such things , as usual , at the discretion of the crown . thought that house should always reserve to itself a controul in the disposal of money , which it was now parting with . observed , that the clause gave the crown no other power , but that of granting the pensions ; the house retained the discretion of providing the money . also stated , that the measure did not , in that respect , put the country in a different situation from what it was in at present , in respect to the prerogative of the crown , and only bound the parliament to make good the engagements entered into with the soldiers.—After some further conversation , the different clauses were agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . said , there was an order in the paper for the second reading of the Linen Drawback bill . Counsel were to be heard on it ; and he would be guided by the gentlemen at the opposite side of the house , whether it should be postponed or not ; for his part , he thought , that on account of the state of the house , several gentlemen being absent who wished to hear the matter discussed , it would be better to postpone the 2nd reading until Wednesday next , to which day he then moved it should be deferred . said , that being convinced that the measure was not yet advisable , he would move , that instead of Wednesday next , should be inserted this day three months . made a few observations on the state of the trade , from the consideration of which he said , he was very desirous of seconding the motion of the noble lord . said , he thought it necessary that this business should be explained to the house , before it was absolutely decided on . The board of trade had formerly come to a resolution to allow a drawback on the duties on striped and checked linens , but not on plain ; the object of this was , to encrease the exportation of our plain linens ; but , by a mistake in the working of the 576 act , the plain , as well as checked linens , were inserted . Now , on the faith of this act of parliament , the merchants here had sent orders to the foreign markets ; so that if this bill was now to pass , it would act much to the disadvantage of these merchants . For this reason be thought parliament was pledged to hold them harmless , and he , therefore , conceived himself bound to support the amendment .