which were upon a repetition of the motion , `` That the chairman do now leave the 481 chair. '' . The business terminated by the speaker 's suggesting , that an amendment should be proposed on Monday , pro formá , so as to admit of a further discussion on the principle of the clause . The Irish Revenue Collection bill , and the Irish Malt bill , were read a second timeߞMr.Alderman Combe brought up from the commons the Temple-bar and Skinner-street Lottery bill ; which was read a first timeߞStrangers were then excluded , and their lordships proceeded to resume the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord viscount Melville . The house continued to sit till 12 o'clock , when the further consideration of the subject was postponed till to-morrow . The Sorry Iron Railway bill was read a 2d time ; as was also the Croydon Iron Railway bill ; which were respectively ordered to be committedߞOn the motion of Mr. Calcraft , a new writ was ordered to be issued for the borough of Honiton , in the room of the hon . Cavendish Bradshaw , who , since his election , had accepted the office of one of the tellers of his majesty 's exchequerߞSir W. Curtis presented a petition from the shipbuilders , mastmakers , blockmakers , boatbuilders , & c. of London , against the American Intercourse billߞThe Philanthropic Society Incorporation bill was read a . 2d time , and ordered to be committedߞMr . Vansittart obtained leave to bring in a Bill to abolish the fees of the Custom-house Officers of the Port of London , and to regulate the attendance of the said officers.ߞMr . Vansittart observing that a paper relative to the Barrack Department had been omitted by a noble lord , in his motion the other night , moved , that there be laid before the house a copy of the letter from major Davis , assistant barrackmaster-general in the Isle of Wight , dated the 31st of January , 1806 ; together with a copy of the affidavit of W. Ward , transmitted therewith . Ordered.ߞOn the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the house went into a committee of supply ; to which the accounts , presented on Friday last , relative to the amount and issue of Exchequer bills was referred . A resolution , that a sum of 4,500,0001. , in exchequer bills , be granted to his majesty , for paying off ex- 482 chequer bills issued for the service of the year 1805 , now outstanding and not dis , . charged , was agreed to ; and the house being resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . gave notice , that , on Monday next , he would present a third charge against marquis Wellesley . wished to know from the hon . gent. , when it was his intention to move some specific day for the house taking into consideration the charges which he had already brought forward ? It was the more necessary , that no time should be lost , as a direct charge of murder had been brought against the noble lord ; and should the hon . gent . decline fixing any day , he himself intended to move for some specific day , on which the charges might be considered . answered , that all the papers , on which the charges were founded , were not yet before the house , though it was likely they would be presented to-morrow . When the papers were presented , he should propose an early day for their consideration , though , in this matter , he was resolved to consult only his own ideas . He also complained , that certain papers had been detained at the board of controul . expressed a similar impatience , that the charges against his noble relation should be , as speedily as possible , brought under the consideration of the house , and particularly that which conveyed an accusation of murder . He observed , that though the papers alluded to were