whom the duties of examining and adjusting those accounts devolved , should be brought forward , and made to account for such an extraordinary delay , and apparently gross and unpardonable negligence ; and if they could not satisfactory account for their conduct , that they might be subjected to that shame and reproach which should appear to be due to it . With a view , as early as possible , to accelerate that enquiry , he should , to-morrow , move for several documents , in order to shew to the house , distinctly , what were the accounts that had been proceeded upon , and what were not , with the real sums under each distinct head of military expenditure still unaccounted for . He had no objection to name , now , the papers for which he intended to move ; and if the noble lord , after hearing them specified , wished to add any more , he might move for them at the same time , as it was his sincere wish to give every aid in his power to the enquiry . The papers for which he meant to move were , Accounts of the sums issued from the Exchequer to principal accountants , and by them to sub-accountants , to be disbursed for military purposes , from the close 336 of the American war to the time of appointing the commissioners of accounts , and since ; and also what part of those sums had been investigated , and what part not ; together with several other documents , The right hon . member repeated his earnest solicitude , that the enquiry should proceed with the strictest scrutiny , and , if any circumstances of delinquency should appear , let the parties implicated be who they might , it was his earnest wish , that , without favour or affection , they might be dragged into public notice , and punished with a severity adequate to their guilt . moved the order of the day for the further consideration of the Election Treating bill , to which bill he understood he was to expect the opposition of a right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) . He did not wish to press the house , now , to a discussion upon the subject , as there was another subject pending , of more urgent importance . But , if it was allowed that the bill should pass the present stage without discussion , those gentlemen who were opposed to the bill might take the debate upon the third reading , and name their own day for that purpose . could see no objection to the course pointed out by the right hon . gentleman ; upon which , the amendments were agreed to , and the bill ordered to be engrossed , and read a third time on Monday se'nnight . moved the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of the motion of Monday last , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorising his majesty in council to allow the importation and exportation of certain goods and commodities , in neutral ships , in time of war , into and from his majesty 's territories in the West Indies and continent of America . '' hoped that the noble lord would not press to a discussion , in so very thin a house , a measure of such importance as this , so deeply affecting the interest of the merchants and ship-owners of this country , and repealing the Navigation act , under the salutary operation of which , the commerce , the prosperity , and the naval strength of this country , had attained their , present superiority . He deprecated any proceeding upon a measure of such vital importance in the absence of so many commercial gentlemen , whose interests 337 were materially at stake , and hoped the noble lord would defer the business to an other opportunity and a fuller house . said , that if ever