; who have for upwards of a century , been endeavouring to impress upon the world a conviction that your navigation laws are at war with the rights , and hostile to the interests of other countries . I trust that you will not do for your enemies that which they have never been able to accomplish for themselves ; I trust that you will not deliver up to ministers the whole foundation of your greatness ; I trust you will not thank that you will triumph by teaching foreign powers to say the policy of G. Britain is changed ; they have given up the system of their navigation laws , by an act of parliament , into the hands of the ministers , who now see it will not do for them any longer to maintain that oppressive preponderance by which they were the masters of the ocean ; they have given up that system , and gradually it will be suffered to die away , under the wisdom of a truly enlightened administration , who will not suffer that terror and death to the hopes of other nations at sea , the navigation law , to stand any longer in the way of those great , philosophically pacific arrangements which they have formed.— Sir , I trust that a British parliament will never enable the enemies of G. Britain to hold out such language to the world : I trust that a British parliament will not give up that guardian power it possesses over the interests of the British empire , by passing a bill which contains provisions that no man has yet been bold enough to say he would enforce to their full extent ; I trust you will not give up that system by which you have grown up into your present power ; a system on the preservation of which it is my entire conviction , that not only your prosperity , but your very existence entirely depends . replied to the right hon . and learned gent. , in support of the bill , and contended , that it went merely to place under the controul of his majesty in council , and by law , a practice which , for thirteen years past , had been uniformly assumed by the governors of the West-India islands , without law , and upon the presumption of future indemnity . He contended , also , that it was the very selfsame principle of controul and discretionary power of dispensing with the rigour of the navigation laws with respect to America , and the East-India trade , which had existed in his majesty and the privy council , ever since the conclusion of the American war , and this , too , under bills successively brought in by a late right hon . gent. , and supported by his supporters , without any of those apprehensions for the safety of the navigation laws , or the ruin of our commerce , our navy , and our national power , which seemed , that night , to excite so much clamour in the vigilant guardians of our prosperity and safety . spoke in opposition to the bill , and contended , that neither the noble lord who introduced it , nor those who supported it , really understood it : for that it did not merely , as they had alledged , open to the Americans the advantages of our navigation laws , with respect to the furnishing our West-India islands with provisions and other produce and manufacture , but that it opened the same privilege to all neutral ships of all nations whatever . conceived , that it was totally unnecessary that his majesty 's ministers should rise seriatim to answer arguments , which had been repeatedly advanced and overturned . If a bill of indemnity , however , had been spoken of , it was not the time to desire that yet : something must be done first , and when that time did arrive , he should hope that the house would indulge him so far as to say , that they did not