that you have nothing to trust to , but direct and absolute power , to insure submission to arbitrary distinctions . So much for the obligation of a supposed contract . But perhaps some stronger arguments , in favour of the exemption , may be deduced from general principles of government , or from those of the English constitution . In the first place then , I ask , for what purpose are taxes levied on the people ? For the support of government . But why should , government be supported ? Because , in return for support , it gives protection . To whom and to what ? Generally to persons , and principally property . Persons , in some cases , may protect themselves ; in others , they may evade or escape . Mere property can do neither . Persons who do not live under our jurisdiction , do not want our protection , nor are they within the reach of it . But their property lives here , and ought to contribute to its own defence . If the owner , when he remitted his fortune to England , had followed it himself , I sup- 403 pose you would hardly exempt him from taxation , because he was an alien . What sort of merit he derives from the circulation of his income in an enemy 's country or what reasonable or equitable claim to exemption the residence of the proprietor abroad gives to his property here has not been stated . Who knows that many of those aliens , whose income is not to be diminished even for the security of the capital may not be employed in that very army , which we are told is destined to invade us ? On this part of the subject , I have heard some general declamations , and loose inferences from ancient forms to present practice that is , from times when the case not only did not exist , but could not have been fore seen or thought of . As to sound reason or solid argument , I have heard none.— In the last resort , however , an appeal is made to a fundamental principle in the constitution , which is supposed to furnish a final and triumphant answer to all my objections on the score of policy , convenience , and abuse , and even to the obvious claims of equity , by which the natural relation between service and payment , between protection and contribution , are established and acknowledged . Undoubtedly the power that protects , may relinquish its right to a return of support , by positive concession , or by any other gratuitous or discretionary act of its own . No such specific act has been alledged . We must look to the constitution then , and see what sort of countenance it gives , what shelter it affords to the proposition , that foreign property in our funds ought not to be subject to the same duty with all the rest , because the proprietors are not represented in parliament . That principle , if it prevails , will include other objects , for which , I believe , no exemption is intended . The foreign merchant , who sends his goods or merchandise into England , for sale or security , is no more represented than the foreign owner of stock . But even these are inconsiderable objects , compared with the consequences , which must be admitted , if you reason right on your own premises . They who establish the principle , must let it take its course . In fair and honourable argument , they have no discretionary power to govern the conclusion by any rule external to the principle , or to limit the operation by arbitrary exceptions . This is not the first time that the general question between representation and taxation has been agitated in this 404 country . In the general theory of this constitution , I am as ready as any man to maintain the affirmative ; and for that reason I have at all times