. That it would be well to satisfy every clause in an act of parliament , I agree ; yet I would wish that some should remain unsatisfied rather than you should assume a jurisdiction so inconvenient to exercise , and so perilous to the subjects of this realm . One thing remains to be said . Suppose you were now called on to consider only the question of expediency . We have arrived , by no want of diligence on the part of this house , at a period of the session in which no man can lay his hand on his heart , and say , that whatever may be your desire , such an attendance can be procured as every man would wish to see upon such an occasion . When you are called upon to arraign an individual , and that individual a judge , every one must be anxious that the attendance should be as full as possible . It is therefore I conceive utterly impossible that this proceeding can go on in the present session of parliament . Then the question is , whether the proceeding , being necessarily , by no fault of your lordships , postponed to a period of the sessions in which it can not be proceeded in , shall it be kept hanging over the head of the party , and that party a judge , who , it is not pretended , ought to be divested of his office till a final hearing ? Let me ask your lordships , whether it must not be detrimental to the country to continue a judge in such a state of suspence ! Should he , who is in the constant course of administering justice to others , and arraigning others , be at the same time arraigned himself before your lordships as a criminal ? I do conceive that no expediency can justify the hardship to the individual , and the inconvenience to this house . I heartily wish the matter had never been mentioned . If my poor voice had been heard it never would . You are entertaining a proceeding 763 which I consider unlawful , and shall feel it my duty to take every opportunity of condemning . I am the more called on to do so , when I think there is not the slightest ground of expediency . The same course Which in this case is illegal , is inconvenient and inexpedient , and in all its effects most destructive of that object which your lordships can only have in view , the securing the due administration of justice to the people of Ireland . Nothing , I am convinced , can tend more to weaken the authority of the law , and to render more prevalent disobedience to the law , than a proceeding of this nature . No man is more desirous than myself that your lordships should discharge the duties you all owe to the united kingdom . No man can be more desirous than myself to provide , that in every part of the united kingdom a strict attention shall be paid on the part of every judicial and executive magistrate to those principles , by which alone any country can be well governed . To govern solely according to law , is the grand secret . It has been shewn by all history , that the only mode by which any part of any dominion can be well administered , is to govern strictly and conscientiously , according to the letter of the law , without admitting of the least deviation . In order to secure this , you must secure respect to those who administer the law ; and , in my conscience , I think nothing can be less calculated to secure it than such a proceeding as this is . If any judge has transgressed , the law is open . If he has acted criminally , let him be acted against criminally . It is in that manner we ought to teach the subjects of the country , high and low , that all are on