. These he stated to be merely of a formal nature , and similar to those which had been last presented to the house . They were estimates formed for the period of a month only ; and the reason why he proposed them for so short a time was , that the present Mutiny Bill would expire on the 24th inst . It therefore became necessary , in order to give the house an opportunity of fully discussing the military plans that had been brought forward , to introduce a Mutiny bill founded on similar estimates to the preceding , to continue in force for another month . Should the new military measures proposed to the house be adopted , proper estimates , founded on these measures , would of course be presented at the close of that period . He now wished that these estimates should merely be laid on the table ; and to-morrow he would move for voting them in a committee of supply . said , that he could have no objection to give ministers full time for maturing their military plans . At the same time he must say , that this was the only instance , within his recollection , of such short estimates being from time to time presented , during the continuance of war . At the conclusion of a war , before the peace establishment was fully settled , such a practice had been not unusual , but it was certainly extraordinary while the country was engaged in war . The rt . hon . secretary had often charged the administration with which he was connected , with culpable delay in bringing forward their military plans , but it now appeared that , after so long a period had expired , his own measures were not even now in any state of forwardness . The house and the country would compare the conduct of the two administrations , and would decide to which of them the charge of dilatoriness was most applicable . With regard to the distinguishing part of the rt . hon . secretary 's plan , the limitation of the soldier 's service , he would call upon him to consider , whether this might not be better done by the king 's prerogative , than by parliament ; and thus an experiment be made , which the legislature might either sanction or reject . He merely , however , threw out this hint for the consideration of the rt . hon . gent . acknowledged that it was perfectly fair for the rt . hon . gent . to call upon the house to draw such a comparison ; but it would also be proper for them to compare what the delay in the one case had produced , with what it had produced in the other . The reason why estimates for so short a period were presented , was merely for the purpose of giving the house an opportunity of fully discussing the plans that had been submitted to them . With regard to the suggestion of the rt . hon . gent . it could not be said to bear much relation to the present question ; and it might be sufficient to observe , that whatever might be enacted on the subject of limited service , the legislature would every year have the power of making whatever alterations might appear proper . There would always be sufficient opportunities for discussing the subject , and the discussions might be founded on the basis of experiment . suspected , that the farther extension of the present army estimates for a month would be found insufficient . It was now a full month since the rt . hon . secretary laid open his plan to the house , while it did not appear that any difference of Opinion existed among ministers on the subject ; at least the rt . hon . secretary for the foreign department had declared his full concurrence with the plan of his colleague . It was not , therefore , unreasonable to suppose that , if ministers had required a