balance of 90 millions , the only scrutiny or audit upon that was at the Navy-office . Upon the whole , it would appear , that though the noble lord insisted there were 450 millions unaccounted for , there were of that sum 429 millions which remained in departments which did not admit of the possibility of abuse , though it certainly was right that all the accounts should be audited . Going back , then , to the office of the auditor , he said , that , on having discovered and pointed out to Mr. Pitt some impropriety in that department , he brought in a bill for the purpose of checking it , which was opposed by the gentlemen then in opposition ; and , on the third reading , a division took place , in which he had the honour of being a teller with the present first lord of the treasury . In pursuance of that bill , a commission was appointed , for the purpose of checking the accounts every way , and taking the discretion out of the hands of the treasury ; and in order to shew that they were person every way qualified for the office to which they were appointed , he would , with the permission of the house , read their names which were , sir Wm . Musgrave , Read , a gentleman of the treasury , Mr. Banks , a gentleman of the law , and the two comptrollers of army accounts . He wished the whole of the accounts in the different departments to be regularly examined into in order to shew which of them was in the wrong . There was no duty of the house more sacred , not even that of impeachment which had so lately occupied their attention , than that of scrutinizing the public accounts ; and it was for that purpose that he should first propose the production of the accounts , and afterwards move that they be all referred to a committee , with instructions to report the names of the persons who held balances in their hands , so that regular proceedings might be taken against them . The act he alluded to had been in force for 21 years , and this was the first time he heard that it had been ineffectual . He knew not who the persons were whom the noble lord meant to call before his commissioners ; but e knew of several that would not appear to be defaulters ; as 356 in some cases , though he believed it was not sanctioned by law , the responsibility was by some means or other transferred from the principal to the sub-accountants . The next point he had to advert to , was that of an immense expenditure , of no less than 10 millions annually , in the War-office , which never was accounted for . Having noticed this , in the course of his enquiries in the last year , he mentioned it to his right hon . friend , now no more , ( Mr. Pitt , ) who meant to make it the subject of a distinct measure . He had since put the sane statement into the hands of one of the commissioners of military enquiry , who returned it this day ; and an examination of it would shew that there were , in the present year , upwards of 9 millions unaccounted for by the secretary at war . The noble lord , amongst other things , had stated , that upwards of 700,000l . had been annually paid to a Mr. Trotter , and was yet unaccounted for . Why the noble lord selected that gentleman , he knew not , unless it was for stage effect , as he happened to be of the same name with a person who was under the displeasure of that house , The noble lord stated , that , besides being the manufacturer and purveyor , he was also his own comptroller and examiner , and had , after all , only charged a modest commercial commission