by that very circumstance , to have a larger house , and pay more to the Assessed taxes ; and to equalize the system , would require a particular law for every particular family . A man also , on account of having the number of working horses , windows , or other things necessary to his trade , and having also a large family , might be obliged to pay more than 401. to the Assessed taxes , and therefore the additional 10l . per cent . into the bargain ; but if from other circumstances his Assessed taxes should be only 39l . he would pay nothing to this duty ; though he would be saddled with the whole , if his taxes amounted to one shilling above 40l . replied , that as to the general inconvenience of taxes , if it was applied to individual cases , it would be impossible . to agree about any one of them . The object of the measure was not to afford a general , but a partial relief , and the inconvenience complained of would be much greater , if the principle had been introduced into the Property tax . As to whether it should be made perpetual or not , that must be matter for future consideration , and , dependent on the circumstances of the times , and was a subject on which he would not pledge himself , and could not tie up the discretion of parliament . The principle and object of the measure was , that when a man kept a large house , not for luxury , but from the necessities of his family , he should be exempted . did not think that there was any difficulty applicable to the same principle in the Property tax , which would not apply to this . observed , that if there 580 was to be any limitation at all , it must begin somewhere . thought it no more than fair and just , that persons who were obliged to pay more to the Assessed taxes on account of the largeness of their families , should have an allowance made to them upon that account . wished to know how much these exemptions would take from the produce of the tax ? replied , that he supposed they might take about 2O0,000l.—The resolution was then agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . rose , in pursuance of the notice he had given , to submit to the house a Resolution on this subject , and spoke as follows : —Before , sir , I proceed to state the grounds on which I look with confidence for the almost unanimous countenance of the house in this measure , I feel myself called upon to say a few words by way of apology for being the person to come forward upon the present occasion . For the last sixteen or seventeen years of my life , I have been in the habit of uniformly and strenuously supporting the several motions made by a respectable gentleman ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who has so often , by his meritorious exertions on this subject , attracted the applause of this house , and claimed the admiration of the public . During the long period that I found it in such excellent , hands , it was impossible for me to feel the slightest disposition to take it out of them . I am still of the same opinion ; and can not but think it would have been much better , if the same hon . member and his friends had retained it in their own hands , and they might certainly have depended upon me , and those with whom I have the honour to act , for the same ardent support which we have always uniformly given them . But , sir , the hon . member , and many of his friends , seem so strongly to entertain different sentiments in that respect , from me , that I submitted my own opinion to theirs , and now assume