bill been a measure of repeal . But it was merely a matter of regulation , enabling the government to do that by law which had been for several years past done without law , or against it . However , he would postpone the second reading of the bill till Friday.—The papers were then granted . rose to give notice , that he should on Tuesday next bring forward a resolution respecting the final Abolition of the Slave trade . He conceived it would be too late in the present session to propose any bill upon the subject ; but as it was one of those important subjects upon which his majesty 's present ministers had pledged their opinions to the house , he thought it high time to evince their determination of carrying those opinions into effect . wished to know the specific tenour of the right hon . gentleman 's intended motion . said , he had no wish to conceal from the hon . gent . the purport 509 of his motion ; but he had not yet shaped it into any specific form of words . His object , however , was , that the house should pledge itself to some resolution for entering , as early as possible , into the consideration of this subject , with a view to the abolition of the slave trade , but without settling any particular period for that purpose . pursuant to the notice he had given upon a former day , now rose for the purpose of moving a specific day , for taking into consideration the charges of high crimes and misdemeanours against the marquis Wellesley , laid upon the table by an hon . member , on the 28th of last month . He hoped it would not be necessary for him to preface his motion by observations to any great length . But as the hon . member , who had brought forward those charges , had named no particular day for moving the house to their consideration ; feeling , as he did , the nature and importance of those charges , to be such as called for their full investigation with the least possible delay , he now rose for that purpose . Gentlemen , who had looked into those charges , must have felt them to be of the most weighty nature . They directly imputed to lord Wellesley , not only every species of public delinquency that could brand the character of a public officer , but every charge of private depravity that could stain the personal reputation of an individual . He had no doubt , that the hon . gent . who brought forward those charges , had done so under a self-persuasion of their truth , and a belief that he should be able to substantiate them in evidence . He would not pay the hon . gent . so bad a compliment , as to suppose he would bring forward such charges against any man , much less against the noble lord , unless he was himself persuaded they were founded in fact , and without being prepared with evidence which he himself conceived competent to sustain them . But the hon . gent . must allow that , notwithstanding the strength of his own persuasion upon the subject , it was still possible the noble lord might possess a confidence in his own innocence , superior to every accusation of such a nature , and must feel extremely impatient for the opportunity of his own vindication ; more especially , when those charges included one of a nature more atrocious than all the rest , and such a one as called for the most immediate investigation , namely , the charge of a foul , deliberate , and cruel murder . In this charge was 510 also included another person , not a member of either house of parliament ; for whose account , also , much anxiety must be felt , though he had not the honour even of a slight personal acquaintance with him , namely , Mr. Henry Wellesley . But