thus tended to a material increase of the produce of the tax . But , agreeably to the established usages of the house , no measure of this kind could be proposed , except in a committee . When the bill , therefore , had already been read a third time , he submitted to the house , whether the present motion was not irregular . wished the discussion to continue , though his hon . friend had perhaps unadvisedly postponed his motion , as it was a question in which the country 410 at large would feel materially interested . He said , it was his intention to have delivered his sentiments on this measure . He had examined the bill minutely , and he did not find a single sound or solid principle in it . spoke to order . After the very clear statement on the subject , which they had heard from the chair , he did not think it correct to go into any farther discussion at present . The only mode he could see for gentlemen to attain their object , and have the matter fully considered , was , for some member to give notice , that he would , on a future day , move , that the house should resolve itself into a committee , to consider of the propriety of subjecting foreign property to this tax.—After a few words from Mr. Francis , the motion then fell to the ground.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , clauses were brought up to exempt stock , or dividends , the property of his majesty , in whatever name they may stand ; and also stock the property of accredited ministers from foreign states , when duly authenticated.—On the question that the bill do pass , said , that he could not omit that last opportunity of entering his decided protest against the bill , inasmuch as it charged the landed interest with what he thought equivalent to 13 per cent. , and the funds with 10 per cent . ; while on professional men , it operated only as a voluntary tax . The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Vansittart ) had argued the measure as if it was a land-tax ; if so , he should have liked to have the bill made annual , as the land-tax always was . could not see the utility of its being merely an annual bill . Besides , it would be always subject to the revision of parliament . said , that , looking upon the bill as unjust in most of its provisions , nothing should ever reconcile him to it . He had , very lately , received a letter , from a family whose small annuity would expire in 18O8 , that is , in little more than a year and a half , and yet they would be compelled to pay as much , in proportion , as the man who had a permanent income , arising from landed or funded property . agreed with every syllable that had fallen from his hon . friend ; and contended , that it would oblige the man who derived a small income from the funds , to sell his capital , and , ultimately , drive him to the workhouse . He was sorry 411 the noble lord had departed from the two principles with which he had set out , namely , that the tax should not interfere with the necessaries of life , nor apply to income under 50l . per annum . But , as the bill now stood , the tax would apply to all property in the funds , of whatever amount . He had ascertained the number of persons holding property in the funds under 50l . a year , to be 220,000 , who , he was afraid , would be compelled to sell out their stock , and live upon their capital . He was ashamed to ask , whether , in justice , they ought to levy the same proportion of duty on 20l . a year , as on