leaving the world , distinguished for having asserted the rights of the British flag ; and who now , after a long and illustrious career , and already sinking into the grave , had yet vigour enough to compose , by his expiring lamp , an Address to his Sovereign on the intricate subject of Coinage , which work would add to his already acquired fame , as a political economist . The words were to be found in a pamphlet on the Conduct of Great Britain towards neutral Nations.— '' The rights of mankind admit of various de- 1173 grees ; and whenever two of these come into competition , the lowest in the scale must give place to the higher . Each man hath a right to perform certain actions ; but if the destruction of another should follow from them , would not this be a just cause of restraint ? '' How far this high authority applied , in the present case , he must leave to the noble lord to determine ; certain he was , that it would have its due weight , in the consideration of this important subject . The hon . Alderman concluded , by observing , that he felt grateful to the committee for their indulgent hearing ; and would no longer trespass on their attention . was fully aware of the difficulties under which the East-India Company at present laboured . He nevertheless was very far from entertaining in his mind that gloomy view of the Company 's affairs which had been drawn by the worthy alderman who had just sat down . On the contrary , he was well convinced that if the Company 's affairs were vigorously conducted , it would not be long before they would reach as great a state of prosperity as the most sanguine wishes of any friend to the interests of the Company could reasonably entitle them to expect . For the accomplishment of this great object he would recommend that the general state of the Company 's affairs should undergo the most ample investigation before a committee . The result , he was confident , would be highly favourable to the Company . But , at the same time that he was convinced , from his knowledge of the affairs of the Company , that a committee which had it in view to obtain a correct statement of the debts , assets , and revenue of the Company , must necessarily draw inferences favourable to the Company , as he had before stated ; still he most clearly saw that something was wanting for the present to be done for the assistance of the Company . To attain this great and most desirable object , he would recommend that a loan should be raised under the sanction of parliament ; not that he could by any means suppose that there could be any hesitation or doubt of the solvency of the Company , but that he saw how much more advantageously a loan would be raised under such circumstances , than if the Company itself was to go into the market for that purpose . Before Ireland was united to this country , it was the uniform practice with the English parliament to include the 1174 loan for Ireland in one general vote along with that which was given for this country . By the adoption of such a system , the Company would gain what they most particularly wanted , an extension of their capital ; and the public would have considerably better security than they could now possibly have , as , from the profits to accrue from such an extension of capital , there would be a sinking fund for the total and speedy extinction of the whole debt . caught the Speaker 's eye , and was entering into a consideration of the subject , when rose to order . He observed , that on so important an occasion , an occasion that required the fullest attendance , not one of his majesty 's ministers was present , to guard the purse of the public : and