thought , that the situation of the public brewer was not such as called for favour and protection , by imposing a countervailing duty on private brewers . The quantity of malt used by the public brewer was inconsiderable , when compared with that used by the private brewer . It had been found , that the porter brewers of London produced three barrels and a half of beer from eight bushels ; while the private brewer required ten bushels to produce a hogshead . It had been calculated , that the public brewers produced as much from 2,400,000 bushels , as the private brewers from 7 millions of bushels . He could not , therefore , see how the public would gain , by throwing the production of beer principally into the hands of the brewers ; as what might be gained by the increase of the duty on beer , might be lost by the defalcation of that on malt . declared , that the concern to which he belonged did not produce their beer in the proportions by the hon . gent . who spoke last . So far as he recollected , the hon . gentleman 's statement was not even correct ; for the quantity there alluded to was not 3½ , but 3¼ barrels . But , even in that proportion , he asserted that the calculation did not apply to the house in which he was concerned . Surely , however , it must be seen , that the public brewer must know little of his trade , and make little of his capital , if he could not produce a better article out of a smaller quantity of malt and hops than a private brewer could . confirmed the correctness of this calculation ; and observed , that the public brewer had great advantages over the private , in respect of the quantity from the same materials , arising from superior skill and machinery.— It was then ordered , that the house resolve itself into a committee of ways and means on Monday next . having moved the order of the day for , the third reading of the Mutiny bill , said , that his first and leading objection to the bill was , that it was a violent infraction of the undoubted prerogative of the crown , which the Constitution of the country had invested with the power of enlisting forces for such a time of service as his majesty might think proper . What was still more , it even precluded the king from the exercise of his prerogative , in giving a negative to the measure , as it was tacked to the Mutiny bill , to Winch his majesty must give his assent , or leave his dominions without an army . He could not conceive what was to be gained by making that pledge different from what the soldier had from the crown , and that Which he was to have from the parliament ; but the mischievous tendency of degrading the crown , and taking away that responsibility which parliament : ought to have over any bad and wicked ministers , who might be disposed to abuse the authority vested in them . He was at a loss which most to admire , the boldness of the right hon . secretary , in proposing So strange a plan , or his tardiness in bringing it forward . He had not done away by it any thing that was likely to affect the feelings of the existing army . There could , indeed be no doubt of their loyalty and attachment ; but it should , at the same time , be considered , that the army was composed of men alive and quick to every sense of injury . According to the doctrine of the right hon . secretary himself , the men were brought into the situation of soldiers by a system of frand , intoxication , crimping , and every sort of indirection . It says to them , `` You have fought out battles , you have exalted the fame of the