? I will suppose the case of a representation coming over from the West Indies , in which it should be stated that there was an absolute necessity for a certain immediate supply ; suppose the ship-owners , on being heard , were to persuade government that they would supply the wants of the islands , and that government , yielding to their suggestions , send out an order to the West Indies against opening the ports ; suppose that before the supplies could arrive from hence the inhabitants of the colonies were starving ; I trust that the rigour of that order would not be obeyed by the governor of any one of the islands in such a case ; but that every one of them would consider it as his duty to his sovereign and to his country , to disobey it ; but if he adhered to that order he could not be called to an account , for under the authority of this bill there is no discretion left to him . Surely this is putting the governors in the most painful situation , a situation unjust in the extreme , at the same time that it exposes the colonies to unnecessary hazard . So much for future discretion and responsibility : at present , I defy you to call any governor whatever to account for any the most wanton suspension of the navigation laws . The sweeping authority winch the rt . hon . secretary of state , ( Mr. Windham ) has sent to the colonies , provides for the suspension of the whole of the navigation laws during the whole continuance of the war . Such is the foretaste which ministers have given us of the use which they will make of the discretionary power which they require at our hands . We are now called upon to sanction the rt . hon . gent 's . letter , by enacting the substance of it into a law . For one , I can not consent to do so ; nor can I hesitate in saying that ministers ought to take more care than they have done in this instance that their own acts are right , before they make them the foundation of any legislative measure.—At all times , and under all circumstances , the multiplying laws unneces- 725 sarily is a great evil . I think it is not contended on the other side of the house that there is that urgent practical necessity for the passing of this bill , which would make you overlook all other political considerations ; what you now propose to have an art of parliament for doing may be done at any time without an act of parliament ; if necessary to be done at all . If there be no instant and urgent call upon you , it is clear that you ought not to adopt such a measure without inquiry ; go into that inquiry you will find the measure unnecessary altogether : we are not now providing for the urgent and immediate supply of the islands , that is secure . The principle on which any permanent provision on so important a subject should be founded is surely matter fit for the gravest deliberation of parliament ; and I would venture to ask whether , before coming to a decision on such a subject , it does not become parliament to consider the political state of the world , to consider in what way the adoption of a permanent measure of this kind may bear upon any points which are or may be in discussion between us and America ; and how far the government of America , or at least considerable parties and leading individuals there , whose sentiments towards this country are avowedly of the most hostile nature , may be likely to consider the passing of this bill as a concession on the part of this country.—The hon . and learned gent . who spoke last , professes to be acquainted in a peculiar degree with the manner in which the trade is carried on between America and our