to the letter , as well as to the spirit of which treaty , the whole of the dominions of Oude were guaranteed to the nabob vizier and his heirs for ever , with `` full authority over his said dominions , his household affairs , his troops , and his 391 subjects . '' That , proceeding in the completing of a triumph so inglorious , the said marquis Wellesley , by the means of , and in concert with his said brother Henry Wellesley , did , at the moment of his taking possession of the territories to the company ceded as aforesaid , impose new and unprecedented burthens upon the people ; augmenting , in a proportion of nearly onehalf , the revenues from them before collected , and employing , in the collection of those revenues , in extorting from the husbandmen the very means of existence , those troops , those British regiments , which , with his wonted insincerity , he had introduced under the specious guise of a desire to defend the country against its external enemies , and to relieve the people from internal oppression . That , having by means of these his extortions , and other acts of oppression and of tyranny , excited the resistance of certain amongst the zemindars and rajahs before described , the said marquis Wellesley did , by the means of , and in concert with his brother aforesaid , cause the mansions and retreats of the said rajahs to be surrounded , attacked , and plundered , and the said rajahs , their faithful adherents , their relations , vassals , and servants , to be barbarously slain ; thus finishing in violence and murder that which in fraud and perfidy he had begun : and that , in order to stifle the groans of complaint , to extinguish all hope of redress , and his fraudulently acquired and tyrannical power the more securely to preserve and to exercise , he the said marquis Wellesley , as well by himself as by his brother aforesaid , did declare , and unto the princes and people of India did , through the means of such declaration , proclaim , that no change of administration in Britain could stay the course of his proceedings as aforesaid ; falsely and audaciously thereunto adding , that the said course , a course of fraudulent pretences , of pecuniary extortion , of political encroachment , and of territorial invasion and usurpation , had already received the approbation of his sovereign , of parliament , and of the company . `` —That in all and singular the above recited acts and proceedings , the said Richard Colley marquis Wellesley has been wholly unmindful of the solemn engagements of duty to the said East-India Company , to his sovereign , and to his country by him entered into ; has daringly contemned the parliament , the king , and the laws , and dishonoured the British 392 nation and name ; and has therein been guilty of high offences , crimes , and misdemeanours . '' After the charge had been read , Mr Paull observed , that a more important business than this had never come before the house . He moved , that the said article should lie on the table , and be printed . Lord Archi-bald Hamilton seconded the motion . did not oppose the printing of the charge ; but wished to know at what time the hon . gent . intended to proceed upon it . observed , that he was glad that the charge had been brought forward , but at the same time he must state that many gentlemen talked of the princes of India as they did of the king of Sardinia , or any other European princes , whose territories were guaranteed in order to preserve the balance of Europe . Such a thing as a balance of power was not known in India , therefore the cases were different . There was no power in India but the power of the sword . The chief who could procure the command