; it would go to afford a regular opportunity for examining , and in that view , he thought it would be prudent in ministers to adopt it . He did not think his noble friend was inclined to press the amendment ; in proposing it , he had done his duty , as he had previously , as well as himself , performed his duty with respect to the bill . He censured the provision which went to vest the responsibility in those , who , from their situations , must be incapable of judging with respect to a necessity which might arise six months before their orders could reach the place , and to take it from those who were on the spot , and had every means of Judging . Alluding to some observations which fell from a noble earl ( the Earl of Suffolk ) , his grace seemed to say , he did not consider him one of those who were likely to consider America as an asylum , but to remain at home , and to abide the fate and fortune of his country , as became one bearing the illustrious name of Howard . With respect to the bill in question , his conduct was not owing to any desire to oppose the measures of his majesty 's government , but to defend those principles and measures upon which he had himself acted , and which in his conscience , he believed to be right . defended the measure in question , on the ground of its necessity , and thought the period originally proposed , preferable to that offered by the amendment . The responsibility was , he contended , placed where it ought to be , viz . in the Government of the Country . The noble earl denied that this could be considered a permanent measure , its duration being limited to the continuance of the war , and until six months after the conclusion of a definitive treaty of peace . The necessity of some such measure during war had , he thought , been agreed on all hands , and it was rendered the more necessanow , as from the observations which had been made respecting the conduct of the Governors of our West India Islands , if a measure like the present was not passed , they would be doubtful as to what mode of conduct they ought to pursue . could not help making an obervation on what the noble lord ( Duke of Montrose ) had said . The 100 noble lord had considered the bill as producing only a change of responsibility , and according to his opinion , it removed the responsibility from one who acted on the spot , where his judgment would sooner be enlightened , and placed it with ministers at a distance , who could not so easily be apprized of the circumstances which should call for their interference . This was certainly not a true state of the case ; there was at this moment no responsibility whatsoever ; the governors could not act in the most perilous situation of the West India islands , but by breaking the law : they could not act without committing an offence against the law , which had lodged no discretion in their hands . His majesty 's ministers , as the law now stood , might see the danger hanging over the West Indies , and they were not responsible themselves , nor could they throw responsibility upon the governors who might refuse to act under their orders , requiring disobedience to the navigation laws ; they have a full and legal answer : that `` laws prohibit us from doing as you desire ; the West Indies may suffer , we can not help it without a breach of the law . '' Whether they act from either an error in judgment , on the existing circumstances , or from a rigid discharge of their duty in obedience to the laws , to which they are sworn , they are exempt from punishment ; they have in truth no