regular , legitimate , constitutional authority of the lieutenants ; and thus the whole agency of the bill was changed ; but , whatever alterations it underwent , it still preserved the same character of inefficiency . It however succeeded much better when parish officers had no concern in it ; and accordingly an augmentation was found on 279 the 29th of April last , which was the latest period of the return . This circumstance led to a suggestion for the employment of agents in various parts of the kingdom , and the policy of this was recommended from the superior success in Scotland and Ireland , where , there being no parish officers , persons of another description performed this duty . In Ireland , 1078 men were raised , and by regimental officers only 272 . This variation in the plan was the true cause of the improvement . The question then was not merely if the means employed were legitimate : into that he would not enquire ; but if , on the whole , taking the bill in its general effect , it were operative to increase considerably the military force . On this part of the subject , the statement of his noble friend was incontrovertible : he had distinctly proved , that in proportion as the effect of the bill was augmented , the recruiting of the army was diminished . Let them make a comparison between any corresponding periods of six or twelve months , and the pressure of the argument would be evident , and the reduction would be seen to be so great , as to produce annually a considerable loss to the army . The comparison to which he had referred , applied to those who had volunteered , and the number raised by recruiting ; and , in this view , he contended there was a detriment , to the number of 3000 men . Besides all this , there was a monstrous injustice in the effect ; whatever might be the benefit , in other respects , with which it might be attended . As it was , penalties would exceed 400,000l. , even when the regular army was declining . When such facts were stated and not disproved , were those discharging what they owed to their country , who endeavoured to uphold such a bill in the teeth of all this evidence ? It had been said , that if it succeeded in one country , it would in another . This view was not correct ; the population of the kingdom was irregular , according to the exuberance of the produce , and the state of the manufactures , and this must essentially vary the operation of such a bill . No less than twenty-two counties were incapable of carrying it into execution , and they were to submit to the species of legislative extortion to which he had referred . It was a gross violation of those humane and equitable principles by which all laws ought to be administered . In short , the objections to the bill were so numerous , that he should detain their 280 lordships much too long , if he were to discuss them in detail . A noble friend of his had spoken of the increase of the public force since July 1804 . He never would enter into any invidious camparisons ; all he wished for was , that the resources of the country should be advantageously employed , by whomsoever the government was administered , and he was happy to commend a measure adopted last year , for the incorporation of a single portion of the militia with the regular army . Whatever might be the success of some of the plans adopted , when he was before in the councils of his majesty , he took no credit to himself and his colleagues ; they were encouraged and supported by the country , without which the most discreet measures which political wisdom could have devised , would have been insufficient . He was anxious , at least , to stand so far well ,