the most reasonable calculation upon the probable consumption of each family , and their respective rank and abilities in life ; but , undoubtedly , as it was the farthest wish from his mind to expose the private brewer to any obtrusion of the excise officer into his family , he would shape the tax in such a way as to enable every man , by paying a fair and reasonable commutation , to avoid a necessity so obnoxious . The tax would be assessed upon a scale of proportion with the other assessed taxes : upon the higher orders according to the number of carriages and servants ; and upon the lower in proportion to their rank in life , and the number of individuals who composed their families , upon the following scale , viz . 1 . Every family paying the duty on a four-wheeled carriage , and one male servant , to pay a commutation for every male in such family , 1l . 1s . 2l . For every female , 10s . 6d . 3 . Families , not paying for a four-wheeled carriage , but assessed 257 for one male servant , to pay for each male , 15s . ; every female , 7s . 6d . 3 . Families not assessed for a male servant , but paying the assessed taxes ; for every male , 10s . ; every female , 5s . 4 . Persons only paying the lowest order of assessed taxes , and charged with the window tax ; males , 5s . ; females , 2s . 6d . ; all children under ten years old excepted , and also all the lower orders of the labouring poor , and all persons not paying assessed taxes , and who may choose to brew for themselves , to be exempt ; for no person but the private brewer would have any part of the charge to bear . The whole produce he estimated to amount to a net revenue of 500,000l . Having thus briefly stated the tax he had to propose , he begged leave to observe , that , as nothing was more repugnant to his wish , than that it should become necessary to collect the tax in the way of excise , he hoped that all persons who were averse to the exciseman 's visits , would avail themselves of the modification he proposed , and by delivering in their lists , according to the foregoing scale , enable the collector to ascertain their respective . proportions without farther , trouble to themselves . He begged leave to repeat than notwithstanding . what might be considered a fair impost upon the private brewer , he would still have many advantages over the public one , and possess a great degree of comfort in the means of supplying his family with a wholesome and cheering beverage , considerably cheaper than he could purchase of the public brewer or retailer . The noble lord felt still more happy that the class of labouring poor would be altogether exempt from the tax ; and concluded by moving , that there be laid upon every barrel of ale or strong beer brewed by private families , above the value of 16s. , an excise duty of 10s . to be paid by the person so brewing , except such person as should pay a commutation licence-duty upon the scale before-mentioned . said , he did not rise to make any opposition to this tax , which originated in the suggestion of his right hon . friend , now no more , ( Mr. Pitt , ) who , however , intended to make an exemption in favour of farmers , who were in general under the necessity of brewing a considerable quantity of beer , in harvest time only . He wished to know if any such exemption was now in contemplation ? objected to the principle 258 of the tax , as , if the precedent was adopted of obliging people to take out a licence for brewing , it might afterwards be extended to baking