bill . observed , that any unnecessary delay in passing of the bill would subject a number of private individuals to great distress.—The bill was ordered to be read a 2nd time on Thursday . did not conceive that the motion which he should now make could meet with any opposition , and therefore he should content himself with moving , that a committee should be appointed 674 to inspect the Journals of the Lords , with relation to their proceedings on the trial of lord Melville , and to report to the house what they should there find . wished the hon . gent . to give some explanation to the house respecting the object of his present motion . replied , that some kind of information might probably be obtained for the lords ' journals by which the house might be regulated in their future proceedings on this subject . did not think the answer to his hon . friend satisfactory . It was surely not too much to ask , what that future course to be pursued by the house was to be ? was anxious to make the hon . gent . as wise on this head as it was possible for him . He did not know what was on the Journals of the Lords , and therefore could not satisfy him in that respect . If humour was to be depended upon , certain questions had been submitted to the judges by their lordships , and these , with the answer of the judges , he thought desirable to have produced to that house . What course it might be expedient to follow , would depend on the report of the committee . wished to know , whether the whole of the proceedings of the lords were to be laid before the house. ? answered , that the committee were only to report what they should find in the Journals to the house . did not know what the Journals of the Lords contained , but certainly understood it to have been stated by a noble lord opposite ( lord H. Petty ) on a former occasion , that if lord Melville should be acquitted , his expences should be paid by the public . This was the more just , as he had been compelled to go from one court into another , where the expence incurred was infinitely greater . said , that when the subject alluded to by the hon . member was mentioned during the discussions before the trial , he had said , that whatever might be proper to be done in that respect , must be determined after the trial , and not before ; but he had never given any promise , such as the hon . member conceived . said , that lord Melville had no blame to impute to the managers on that account ; he had been taken into the court in which he was tried , by his own particular friends , after the house had possi- 675 tively , determined , that he should be tried in the court below . recollected perfectly , that the observation of the noble lord had been made on the occasion when the comparative expence of a trial in the house of lords and in Westminster hall was under discussion , and undoubtedly the removal of the trial from the bar of the house of lords to Westminster hall had greatly increased the expence , and was not imputable to the other house.—The committee was then appointed . on consideration , felt that the motion , of which he had given notice for this day , for leave to bring in a Bill to make more effectual provision for the Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital , could not properly be submitted to the House , without a message from his majesty to recommend the measure . No time , however , would be lost , as in the mean time he should move for the production of such information , as would have been necessary to be produced to the House before the second reading of the