, boiling , and roasting . It would be a hardship on the landed interest , as country gentlemen were under the necessity of brewing their own beer , being out of the reach of the common brewer . The effect of the tax would be , to bid adieu to old English hospitality in the country . It was , in fact , another malt tax . could not agree with the hon baronet who spoke last , but he did not see the use of giving this option of compounding with the commissioners . was in favour of the composition , for the sake of keeping the exciseman out of private houses . said , that as those made a return with the assessed taxes , would not be subjected to the excise , this would be a powerful inducement to them to come forward and compound in the first instance . wished to know what deduction had been allowed in the calculation for those who paid no assessed taxes , and therefore were not liable to this tax ? He adverted to the cases of persons who resided a great part of the year in town , and were supplied by the public brewer , but , after returning to the country , were obliged to brew their own beer . As the master now stood , these must , in many instances , pay at the highest rate of composition for the whole year , or be subject to the excise . could not believe that the hon . baronet was in earnest when he spoke of the hardship which this tax would bring on the lauded gentlemen . In the present state of the country , it was not to be expected that they should be allowed to have their beer at a rate so much lower than that of the labourer , who was forced to apply to the public brewer , and at present paid one penny a quart more than they did . There ought not to be such an inequality between the rich and the poor , in our present circumstances . This was not a new thing , for there was a tax of much the same nature in the time of lord North , when a deduction was allowed to the public brewer ; so that this was only a new application of an old principle . As to the difficulties attending the collection of the tax , they might be done away . It might be laid on the malt , and then every one might do as he pleased ; but , as to the ex- 259 cise , it was , he knew , attended with no inconvenience on the public breweries , where all was fair and open . He highly approved of the tax , and would give every assistance in his power in its preparation and execution . wished the noble lord would consider whether the excise might not be put out of the question , by imposing penalties , as in the case of the assessed taxes . He wished to know the grounds of the calculation respecting the amount to be deducted for the cottagers who did not pay . said he had already stated the difficulty of finding correct data in this case . He had taken the duty on malt , however ; and as to the beer brewed by the cottagers , it would be so weak that a great quantity of malt need not be here calculated upon . He thought there could be no harm in allowing the option , as the mode of the assessed taxes would naturally be preferred . But , in a few instances , the excise would be an accommodation , such as in the cases of those who resided but a short time in the country , and might not , therefore , choose to compound . As to the suggestion of the hon . baronet respecting some domestic comforts , we were already come to a state when that ought to be no ground of objection . What were