allowed that it would save a great deal of trouble to magistrates and others , if there should be only a single list , and that of the persons liable to serve in the persons liable to serve in the militia.—Mr . Perceval was not surprised that his learned friend ( Mr. Giles ) had not chosen to go into details , as the bill was in this respect most inexplicable and unintelligible . The right hon , gent . who had brought it in had proved that he did not understand it , and was therefore now very properly employed in consulting other people . ( Mr. Windham was then conversing with Mr. Giles and others ) . He had at first considered that the volunteer 's were not liable to the ballot ; in the next explanation he said they were , but that it was most improbable that the ballot should exclusively fall upon them ; and in his third explanation he talked only of his militia lists , and of volunteer 's not being upon those returns . In this third explanation he was found to be equally wrong , and it could not now be denied , that the names of volunteers would be found on those militia lists . When this bill referred to the schedules of another bill not yet passed , it was giving the right hon . gent . a strange degree of credit . He viewed his superstructure before he thought of his foundation ; and he then told the house , that although they saw no foundation at present , they might depend upon it that he would hereafter make a foundation to support his building . The house might give him that degree of credit if they pleased , and gentlemen might vote for his bill ; but if any person who voted for it pretended to understand what he was voting for , he must say that man was either a conjuror or a prophet , if he could foresee and anticipate those 855 things which had not as yet occurred even to the fancy of the rt . hon . gent. , which were altogether in nubibus , and which the right hon . gent . could not attempt to explain . affected neither to be a prophet nor a conjuror ; but , without either inspiration or magic , he thought he could correctly understand the clause of the bill , although it was not to be expected that by a layman minute legal details should be accurately set forth in this stage of the proceeding . His hon . and learned friend seemed to expect a precision in this case , which he himself ( Mr. Perceval ) could not attain , even after his own bills had been ultimately sanctioned : at least , it was evident , that after he had prepared them ( the volunteer acts ) he did not comprehend their purport ; and one of the statutes to which he had just referred , which was designed for operation in the months of July and August , was not carried into effect until the most ominous day distinguished in the annals of folly and illusion , the first of April . said , that the rt . hon . secretary was , by his projects , oversetting the whole system of government in this country . Although , said the hon . gent . I wish to support ministers , I will not , and can not , as they go on.—The amendment as proposed by . Mr. Yorke was then put and agreed to . On proceeding to the concluding part of the bill , which is intended to regulate the power of his majesty , with regard to the incorporation of these levies with the regiments , in case of invasion , again rose to observe , that many material particulars occurred to his mind , which might occasion a protracted debate on this subject ; he therefore proposed that the chairman report progress , and ask leave to sit again the next day , which was