deplorable state of the East-India Company ! As to the removal of sir G. Barlow , the hon . gent . can hardly be serious in his loud complaints on that subject ; no man , either in India or in Europe , ever looked to sir G. Barlow 's being permanent governor-general . The hon . gent . himself never could have imagined it even probable , that sir George would be allowed to continue ; for he must know , that sir George , though an excellent revenue officer , had none of the qualities to fit him for governor-general ; and that , to insure the respect of the foreign courts , a nobleman from England was in-dispensible for the good government of India . The hon . gent . had indulged in these attacks , from his hostility to ministers ; and had neglected ever looking into the accounts which , perhaps wisely , he had not even touched upon , although the only subject regularly before , the house.—This , Mr. Paull said , he the more deplored , as no man in England understood the real situation of the Company better than the hon . gent . Mr. Paull concluded with again sincerely thanking the noble lord ( Morpeth ) for his clear , able , honest , and candid statement ; and was sure , his lordship 1197 would feel that , by the line he had adopted , he had justly raised himself in the opinion of every honest man in the kingdom . hoped , that he should not be thought pertinacious ; but he trusted , he should be allowed to make a few observations , as he stood pledged , in some degree , to the house , on this subject . He had , in 1801 , stated , that the debt of the Company was 20 millions . This had now clearly turned out to be the fact . He had then met with a great deal of opprobrium , and was asked to have patience . He had had patience ; and the result was , that the Company , as had been stated by an hon . Alderman ( Prinsep ) , was on the eve of bankruptcy ; and that their debt was nearer 40 millions than 30 . He was , therefore , fully justified in what he had said ; and the persons at the India board , whether they were called comptrollers or any thing else , would soon , it appeared , be only the assignees of bankrupts . said , that there was no danger of a bankruptcy . He would not enter upon the particulars of the accounts , however , as it was painful to him to look at the situation of the Company . But that situation was still not so gloomy as had been represented by the hon . gent . As to the loans , he hoped the persons who held them would renew their engagements . But he deprecated the transferring them to this country ; and warned the directors , not to ask such a thing of parliament , for the minister of the day would be strongly tempted to grasp at a share of the patronage , which would be dangerous to the liberties of this country . He begged the house to consider , what would be the consequence of a patronage over 3,000,000l . sterling , in addition to what was already possessed by the government . Any inconvenience of trade was better than that the minister should acquire such an extraordinary power . He meant this as no particular reflection , but mentioned it as applying to any minister . As to the case of sir G. Barlow , his opinion was unaltered . Even though what the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had said should be correct , still his observations were proper . Ministers had gratuitously appointed him , on the 26th of February , and removed him 14 days after . Now , why was he appointed at all , if it