right hon . secretary . He had said , that he should not profit by the lecture which he ( Mr. Garrow ) had delivered ; this was the second time he had ever addressed that house , and if he was deserving of a rebuke , the lecture of the right hon . gent . would certainly be profitable to him ; and he could not but thank him for the courtesy and kindness with which it had been given . He was not fencing with the argument of the learned gent . ( Dr. Laurence ) , but would again decidedly express his conviction , that no hearsay evidence could be legally received , to advance the conviction of any man , for a conspiracy or otherwise . contended that questions as to opinion might be put in such cases as the present , to competent persons ; that the object of the house was to gain information , and that the rules of evidence in the lower courts did not apply there . Mr Rose argued that it was not proper to admit mere opinions , even in parliamentary preliminary enquiries , and said that the house was much obliged to his learned friend for originating the present discussion . Mr. Martin ( of Galway ) , and Mr. Paull , argued in favour of putting the question . Mr. Alexander spoke against putting the question proposed . thought it perfectly correct to interrogate , with regard to the constitution and practice of the Indian government , a person so competent to answer as the noble lord under examination . At the same time he would recommend to the hon . 751 examiner to put his questions more in a clear and precise manner , in order that the answers should be decisive , and not left open for various constructions . conceived his question as precise as could be desired . After a few words from Mr. Huskisson , the examination was resumed . The scope of the examination related to the system upon which the noble witness acted in the government of India ; the course which he would have followed in certain cases , in which marquis Wellesley was concerned ; his opinion upon certain acts of that noble marquis ; his construction of different treaties , particularly that concluded between the Company and the nabob of Oude , in 1798 . Upon the construction of the latter treaty , it was contended by Mr. C. Wynne , sir A. Wellesley and Mr. Wallace , that no question should be proposed to the witness , a copy of the treaty itself being on the table , of which the house could of course form its own judgment , without resorting to the opinion of the witness . Dr. Laurence stated , that a similar question had been put to sir R. Barker , on the trial of Mr. Hastings , and besides that the house had already decided that the witness could be examined as to matters of opinion . The question was accordingly allowed.—Sir A. Wellesley put several questions to the noble lord with regard to the expence of the company 's troops employed in the territories of the nabob of Oude , the character of the nabob 's own troops , and the disposition of his subjects.—On a question being put by Dr. Laurence , as to whether the nabob vizier was addicted to excessive drinking or not , a good deal of conversation took place . It was at length determined that the question should be asked . The noble lord answered in the affirmative , but added that he always preserved so much decency as not to expose himself in public ; he also added that his highness made use of spirituous liquors.—To a question relative to the great estimation in which the turban is held among the Mussulmen , the noble lord , among other things in his answer stated , that he recollected on one occasion , the nabob having changed with him , and put on his lordship 's hat , whilst the noble lord himself wore