by any nation in the whole history of the world ; namely , that a nation possessing colonies has a right to reserve to itself the exclusive trade with such colonies . This is a principle which it would be at least desirable to have observed between this country and the West Indies : whether it can be so or not in every instance , is the question which is now in agitation , but I own it was to me matter of some surprize , that the attorney general of Gr . Brit . should appear to think it matter of triumph and exultation , that the united efforts of G. Britain and the British American colonies should not be equal to the constant necessary supply of the West India islands . The learned gentleman , however , seems to imagine that all mankind have uniformly acquiesced in his doctrine , for that no endeavour has ever been made to practice of supplying the wants of the colonies from America , instead of supplying them from G. Britain , and he particularly points this observation at the conduct of my rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) who who says was in office 22 years without making any attempt to alter the practice of suspending the navigation laws , and he especially blames my rt . hon . friend for not having made such an attempt towards the conclusion of the late war . First , as to the fact . It is well known , though the hon . and learned gent . chooses to appear to forget it , that my rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) was out of office a considerable time before the end of the last war , and before the experiment which he now recommends to this house , of trying what we may do by British shipping alone , could have been tried . It is worthy of remark , also , that my rt . hon . friend , while in office during the late war , was in a situation which gave him no power over measures of this nature , and it is fit that the hon . and learned gent . should be informed , that no sooner did my rt . hon . friend return to office , and become vice-president of the board of trade ( in which situation he has rendered his country so much service ) than he did take up the consideration of this subject , and before he had been many days in office , did make an effort to discontinue the practice which both he and myself are now opposing . But whatever he did for this purpose , the present bill unquestionably is intended to destroy . The hon . and learned gent . is , therefore , incorrect in his apprehension of the fact , when he supposes my rt . hon . friend to have made no effort , while in power , to 721 discontinue the practice of thus suspending the navigation laws , for the enforcing of which he is now an advocate , and therefore I may without offence infer , that all the observations which the hon . and learned gent has made , and all the sarcasms which he has attempted on that part of the subject , are wholly unfounded . Something of the same kind the hon . and learned gent . insinuated against the hon . baronet , ( sir C Price ) one of the members for the city of London : he has asked where that hon member was when all these suspensions of the navigation laws took place , and when bills of indemnity were passed for those who advised such suspensions . This question can be answered , I believe , on behalf of the worthy baronet , as satisfactorily as it has been on that of my rt . hon . friend . Surely it is in the recollection of those who are , or who ought to be , on the bench opposite to me , that that