undervalued by the government . That feeling generally prevailed . There was hardly a single volunteer who did not feel himself disgusted with the expressions and conduct of the secretary for the war department It was rather singular also , that he should be the person to revive ballot and commutation of personal service for money , who had so pointedly reprobated both those measures . The concurrent jurisdiction of the constable and drill serjeant was ludicorns , and perfectly useless , unless indeed the drill serjeant was to be used as a crimp for the regular army . He proceeded to comment on several clauses or the bill . and contented that all that was meritorious in the plan was stolen from the act of the former administration ; that it contained a distinct recognition of all that was considered most exceptionable in Mr. Pitt 's additional force bill , and wholly unworthy of a government who assumed such super-eminence of talent , and had 907 promised so much to the country . He concluded by moving that the word `` now '' should be left out , and the words `` this day three months '' substituted in its stead . objected to the bill because it was unnecessary . We ought only to resort to compulsion in the last instance—cuncta prius tentanda . At present we could have a sufficient number of volunteers . He adverted to the injury which the labour of the country would sustain from withdrawing such a number of men from it for 24 days in the year . As to the volunteers , he believed they would be completely destroyed by this measure . The volunteers relieved their districts , but under this bill the system would have a contrary effect , for the young , the active , and those who had most time to spare , would avoid the ballot by going into the volunteers , and leave it to fall upon others . The rt . hon . gent . complained of having been misrepresented . It might be so ; but how could he explain away the sarcasm in this bill , which reckoned 300,000 volunteers as nothing ? This was one sarcasm on the volunteers which he could not by any ingenuity explain away . If , however , he adopted the clause proposed by the rt . hon . gent . below ( Mr. Yorke ) , which went to relieve the counties from the onus in proportion to the number of volunteers , his objections would be in a great measure done away . asked , whether , in the present situation of the country , we were to give ministers no credit for saving 5 millions in 3 years ? This measure did not destroy the volunteer system , but put it on its original footing ; for it was well known that , at first , the volunteers were accepted only on condition of clothing themselves . Much as he regretted the loss of the late great minister ; much as the country had to lament him ; much as he deplored his death ; yet , while the measures of the present ministry went to promote economy and the real interests of the country , as he thought they had , for the most part , hitherto done , they should always have his warm approbation . and cordial support . supported the bill . He denied that it could have any such tendency as that of putting down the volunteer system . He thought it was the bounden duty of his majesty 's ministers to take every precaution for securing 908 the country against the danger of an invasion ; and with that view , to avail themselves in the utmost extent of the physical force of the country , and to render that force efficient by a timely training , instead of waiting until the last moment , when absolute necessity should demand the levy en masse , and when they must be assembled as a tumultuous , confused , and disorderly rabble , instead of trained men fit to