should so expect , they would be disappointed . said , that though his original intention was to support the previous question , yet , in consequence of the speech of his right hon . friend , he was in some suspense whether he should not change his first opinion , and vote for the amendment he suggested , with a view , if possible , to conciliate the unanimity of the house , so desirable on the present occasion but , from the temper and disposition displayed in the speech of the hon . and learned gent . and the determination evinced by him , notwithstanding his specious professions , to resist all amendments of a conciliatory nature , and to persist in the original motion , he was now decided in his first opinion for the previous question ; not from any opinion whatever that the volunteers were not entitled to the highest approbation and gratitude of parliament , and of their country , but that no occasion whatever had occurred since the thanks of parliament were last voted to them , to render any renewal of that vote at present necessary ; and if any member was to propose a similar vote of thanks to the army or the navy , ( the merits and importance of whose services could not be denied ) without the concurrence of some particular occasion , he should conceive it a violation of his duty not to oppose such a motion by the previous question . He hoped , however , that his right hon . friend , who proposed to mediate in the present case by a conciliatory motion , for the purpose of obtaining unanimity , would take a lesson for the future from the speech of the learned gent . that would teach him how little was to be expected from conciliation or compromise in that quarter . He vindicated the conduct of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) relative to the volunteers , as well as his plans for the new modification of the services of this body ; but did not mean to follow the example of gentlemen on the opposite side of the house , by going into a general debate upon all the other military topics which had been so repeatedly , and he had almost 1117 said vexatiously , discussed in the course of the session . He would just advert , however , to the speech of an hon , general ( Tarleton ) , who had made such a brilliant display of military knowledge , and his surprising detail of the memorable march of eight handed men from Bath to Bristol , and the astonishing spirit they had displayed under his command , considering the difficulties they had to encounter in the dangers of Bristol market , and the conduct of their baggage through defiles of booths , waggons , and carts , their labours in the manœuvres of the day , and the course of their long march , unbroken by fatigue , and undiminished in their numbers . He was willing to acknowledge the prowess and skill displayed by the hon . general in the feats of that signal day , and he believed it had no parallel in the military annals of this country , save in that of the celebrated march from Breutford to Hounslow , and from Hounslow to Finchley , under the famous Major Sturgeon , when , `` with drums beating in the front , and dogs barking in the rear , the gallant commander marched with his troops in the closest order , until an unlucky drove of oxen from Smithfield threw his whole corps into confusion '' — [ a laugh ] . His lordship concluded by again professing the highest respect for the volunteers , the most grateful sense of their services to their country , a sense which must be retained by that country and parliament to the remotest posterity ; but as no new occasion called fora repetition of the thanks formerly voted to them , as the whole value of that honour chiefly consisted in