Slave Ship Restriction bill , Mr. Plumer and Mr. Scarlet were heard in behalf of the island of Jamaica , and also of certain 1025 merchants and planters , who had petitioned against the bill . They objected to it , on the ground of its being an attempt to abolish the slave-trade by a side wind . They also urged several objections against the clauses of the bill ; and submitted that , if it was determined to pass the bill , it would be more expedient , that it should continue for one than for two years . Mr. Plumer expressed a wish , to be a allowed to call evidence in support of the allegations of the petitions . This was objected to by lord Grenville and the bishop of St. Asaph , and supported by the earl of Westmoreland . It was over-ruled by the house . Counsel having finally withdrawn , lord Grenville moved the second reading of the bill , which was accordingly done . from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland , was called in , and at the bar presented to the house , pursuant to their order , An account of the different sums of money that have been expended , or that are to be expended , on the port of Dublin , by the directors of inland navigation ; stating the authority under which the said directors expended the said money ; —together with a statement of the plans and reports that have been made , pursuant to their directions , for the improvement of the same . Ordered to lie upon the table , and to be printed for the members of the house.—Ordered , that the account of the manner in which the sum of 500,000l. , granted in the last session of the Irish parliament to the directors of inland navigation in Ireland , has been disposed of ; commencing with the establishment of the board , 12th August , 1800 , and ending 28th May , 1806 ; and also , copies of the agreements entered into by the directors of inland navigation in Ireland with the different canal companies , to whom they have granted any part of the sum of 500,000l . granted in the last session of the Irish parliament to the said directors , to be printed for the members of the house.—Mr . Robert Mitford , from the commissioners of customs in Scotland , was called in , amd at the bar presented to the house , a Return to an Order of the house , dated 12th May , 1806 , requiring `` An account of all sums recovered in Scotland , either in the court of exchequer , or in the courts of justices of the peace , from any person or persons convicted in any of the 1026 said courts , of offences against the acts of parliament , or any of them , relative to the customs , excise , or stamp duties ; as also , of the amount of all sums received by compounding with persons charged with such offences ; together with the names and additions the persons from whom such sums have been recovered , with the date of recovering the same ; arid also , An account shewing what part of these sums so recovered have been accounted for in the exchequer , as his majesty 's share of fines , forfeitures , and penalties , with the dates at which they were so accounted for ; also shewing what part of the sums so recovered have been accounted for to the informer in whose namethe said prosecutions proceeded , and what part of the said sums was applied in defraying the charges or expences of such prosecutions ; from the year ending 5th July , 1782 , to the present time ; '' with a duplicate.—Mr . Robert Mitford also presented to the house , pursuant to their orders , `` An account of the average prices , ascertained quarterly , for regulating the importation of corn , grain , meal , and flour , into Scotland ,