chamber of parliament , he was induced to wave his intended motion . Petty moved the 2d reading or this bill . said , he felt it his duty to object to it . He then repeated the arguments he had used against it , a few nights ago ; and thought this an unnecessary expenditure of the public money . The noble lord , in bringing forward the measure , had stated , as one of his chief reasons for doing so , the great increase which had taken place in all the necessaries of life , since these provisions were originally made . He allowed this to be the case ; but these royal personages only felt the pressure in common with others ; and that pressure was most severe on the great mass of the people , who were nearly borne down by taxes . He said he verily believed that , if he were to ask M. Talleyrand , the prime minister of Buonaparte , what mode he thought would be best to be pursued , in order to throw this country into the grasp and dominion of his master , he would say , it was to make the people dissatisfied with their government ; make them dissatisfied with their taxes , and the people would be ready to throw themselves into the arms of Buonaparte . Those noble dukes held many places and emoluments , besides their original establishments of 12,000l . a year ; and to make this addition to the public burthens , would , he thought , be one of the surest methods of making the people dissatisfied ; and that at a moment when he would advise the noble lord to exert his every faculty and ability to make retrenchments , rather than add to the public burthens . He thought this measure ought to have been introduced by the noble lord before a secret or select committee , rather than by this mode ; and that committee might have made enquiries , which would 1104 have enabled them to judge , and to have informed the house , whether this increase was actually necessary . As it now stood , he must object to the bill . expressed his confidence , that his noble friend would not need the lecture on economy that had been just read to him . He could not avoid coinciding in some of the opinions of the hon . gent . who had just sat down . He praised highly the conduct of the duke of York , in declining to apply for any additional provision . Were the depreciation of money , and the increased prices of every article of life , alone to be considered , he was willing to admit , that the claim preferred was a just one . But there were other circumstances , which , in his opinion , ought to be attended to . It ought to be recollected , that several of the younger branches of the royal family enjoyed emoluments , independent of their parliamentary provision . It was with a view to ascertain those emoluments , that he had made his motion the other evening ; and really , until the papers , for which he had then moved , were on the table , he did not see how the house could , with propriety , pass the bill before them . It had been well observed by lord Bacon , that in some situations , voluntary poverty was a debt that a man owed to his country . Far was he from wishing , that the illustrious personages in question should he plunged , or allowed to remain , in poverty . He was solicitous , that they should not be deprived of the due appendages of their rank ; but it became a question , whether , or not , the measure proposed was calculated to increase the respect that it was so desirable to secure to them ? thought the increase that was proposed to the allowances of the younger branches of the royal family was very reasonable , and