they were evidently unfit for their situations , they ought to be displaced . A great deal of mischief had resulted from this not being well understood ; and the only error he could impute to the earl of St.Vincent was , perhaps , that he misunderstood the nature of that circumstance . If the navy board acted corruptly , or from criminal negligence , that would be a subject for punishment ; but if , from ignorance or insufficiency , they were unfit for their situations , they ought to be removed . The earl of St. Vincent was , perhaps , too delicate in that point , and had given way to a false opinion , which , if persevered in , would materially prevent the reform of abuses . The false opinion that many entertained , and to which , perhaps , his lordship had in some degree given way , was that it was a hardship on individuals to remove them from office , unless their misconduct was of such a nature , as could ground a criminal chargeagainst them . It was supposed by many , that the removal from employment was such an impeachment on the characters of the persons removed , that nothing could justify it , but such criminality as might be made the subject of prosecution . This opinion , however , was most erroneous and dangerous . There might be many cases , where the lords of the admiralty , or any persons in high situations , might discover a total incompetency in those they employed , and might even have strong suspicions of their integrity , without being absolutely prepared to bring forward a criminal charge ; but it was the duty of the lords of the admiralty not to employ in the public service persons who were unfit to be employed . This was a principle of duty , which deli- 207 cacy to individuals should never allow them to depart from ; otherwise they might go on with unfit persons , squander the public money in injudicious contracts , and place even the security of the country in the greatest hazard.—Having risen to express this opinion , he then proceeded to the question before the house . Of all the papers that had been laid on the table , there was not one which went to criminate the noble lord , or even to make the charge against him plausible . As to the question whether the merchants ' yards should have been more or less used , that was entirely a matter of judgment . Certainly it could not be imputed to the noble lord as negligence , his not doing what he conceived would be injudicious and improper to do . The business was now fairly before the house . The papers were on the table , and had been referred to by those who spoke on both sides , and , therefore , the house must be supposed competent to form some judgment of the case . Those who had attended to the arguments that had been advanced , and to the extracts from the papers which had been read , could not have a doubt , that on the one side there was the completest exculpation , and that on the other side the case was not made out at all . He thought , then , the proper way of putting the question to rest , would be to express the approbation of the house to the naval administration of lord St. Vincent . He , therefore , gave notice , that he should make such a motion when the original question should be disposed of . said a few words respecting the supply of timber in the dock-yards since the administration of earl St. Vincent , and expressed his approbation of the noble lord 's measures . in a reply of great length , adverted to the statement of an hon admiral ( Markham ) , which he insisted was not authorised by the documents upon the table . He next enumerated a number of ships , which were built ,