by that meritorious officer admiral sir J. T. Duckworth ; nor that of the Maringo and Belle Poule by sir J . 13 . Warren : instead of the almost complete demolition of the combined fleets of France and Spain , our inferior blockading squadron ( for such , if any , it must have been ) would have been compelled to have quitted their station , when the enemy had chose to put to sea , on which they would have rode the triumphant and unmolested masters ; and uncontrolled , would have directed their hostile attempts against our unprotected shores , colonies , and commerce.—As an Englishman , I shudder at the thought , but I have every reason to believe , that this supposition and probability ( dreadful as they are ) would have been fatally realized . And had this actually been the case , in what a dishonourable , degraded s state must this country have been in at this moment ; humbled to the dust at the feet of France ; and obliged , perhaps , abjectly to sue for , and accept , any terms of peace , which that proud , ambitious , all-grasping power would deign to grant or arrogantly impose ! —Sir , I mean not to reprobate lord St. Vincent 's plan of reforming the abuses and economizing the management of the dock-yards , but I do consider him as highly culpable , for neglecting the not less important branches of his duty , that of building and repairing ships , in order to keep pace with the alarming augmentation of those of the enemy . The state of the navy had claims , above any other consideration whatever , to his lordship 's serious attention and most active exertions.—If lord St. Vincent was of opinion , that the long-accustomed mode and practice in the dockyards respecting Ship Wrights and labourers required change and reform , why did he not give directions for the adoption of a system deemed by him so necessary and beneficial to the public service , and have seen that such directions were carried into execution ? The time that should have been thus employed , was spent in ineffectually projecting schemes , which were suggested by the new master Ship Wrights of Plymouth yard , and approved of only by his brother , the friend and adviser of lord St. Vincent.—And here I beg to call the attention of the house to the following very important observations . It appears from the documents before the house , that the proposed alteration of system was not approved of by any of the officers of the 170 other dock-yards , nor by the navy board . But the commissioners of the navy , in letters hearing date 31st March , and 21st April , 1804 , say , that `` they are willing to adopt whatever plan lord St. Vincent should please to direct ; '' and that `` no exertion shall be wanting on their part , to give it the fullest effect . '' But , no ; his lordship did not think proper to commit himself by positive orders , so as to bring responsibility on himself.—What is the result of the papers called for , in proof of lord St. Vincent 's vigilance and activity as to the increase of our naval power ? Did he , whilst he presided at the admiralty , build , as was suggested might have been done , 50 sail of the line ? No . I am sure the house will be astonished at hearing me declare , that he did no more towards building line-of-battle ships than what is equal to 2¼ sail of the line , for the 3 years and 3 months he was first lord of the admiralty . What , then , becomes of the boast of what was intended to be done ? Where are we to find the promised augmentation of our great bulwark , the navy ? There surely can be nothing to boast of , where `` nothing has been done . I can not leave