the admissions of lord Melville , that the noble lord connived at Mr. Trotter 's application of the public money to his own profit . thought that , after the opinion of the judges , it was absolutely necessary that the law , upon this subject , should be satisfactorily settled . But , notwithstanding these opinions , he should take care that , while he remained in his present office , the affairs of it should not be managed , in any respect , contrary to what the law prescribed ; and his conception of that law was this , beyond all doubt , that neither pay-master , 1102 nor any other person , should take naval money from the bank , unless it should be . at the moment wanted for bond fide naval purposes . Indeed , according to the present arrangement , his pay-master had no concern with a single guinea of the public money ; and it was somewhat curious , that this was the arrangement which Trotter suggested . Accounts are now opened at the bank in the name of each of the sub-accountants to which money was occasionally transferred by order of the pay-master . Such was his impression as to the nature of this plan , that he had recommended it to his hon . friend , and others , to introduce a bill at once to render it the law in future ; but they , not conceiving several other provisions necessary to the safe custody of the public money , thought proper rather to postpone bringing forward any bill until next session . The pay-master , however , had now no connection with any of the public money ; and he would hold him inimical , if he should attempt to draw a guinea from the bank for any purpose whatever . Such was the practice which the right hon . gent . declared his intention to maintain , while he had the honour to hold the office of treasurer of the navy , at least , until it was otherwise enacted by law . threw out , for the consideration of gentlemen who proposed to bring in a bill upon this subject , whether , if the arrangement were enacted , such as the right hon . gent . had just described , the sub-accountants might not be open to the same objections which were applied to the paymaster ; that is , whether those sub-accountants might not be open to a similar abuse of the public money . thought such a consequence improbable . It was to be recollected , that the sub-accountants , on the trial , refused to withdraw the public money from the bank at the particular instance of Trotter ; and by no means in consequence of their own wish , for it appeared that inconveniences resulted to them from the transfer . could not admit that the case , with regard to the sub-accountants , could ever be subject to the same objections as those which applied to the paymaster . It was obvious , that they could not be so to the same extent . Indeed , he thought it quite practicable so to watch the sub-accountants ; so to establish a check between the . bank directors and the navy pay-office , as to detect any drawing of mo- 1103 ney not necessary for , and immediately applied to , a naval purpose ; and , should such a thing appear , on the part of any sub-accountant , he had no hesitation in saying , that he should feel it his duty , on the instant , to dismiss him . adverting to a notice of a motion which he had given , relative to the expenses incurred by lord Melville during his late trial , stated , that in consequence of the declaration of the noble lord 's son , that , as no delay had occurred in preparing for the the , or , in its subsequent conduct ; no more expense had occurred to the noble lord , than if the trial had taken place in the