and learned gent . opposite yet fancies that lie obtains some advantage from what he calls the admission of my hon . friend . So far from wishing to retract or qualify my hon . and learned friend 's admission , I admit , or rather I contend with him , that you ought to go thoroughly into the discussion of the whole subject , and endeavour to find out some effectual and lasting remedy to this perpetually recurring evil . But no man has admitted or contended that the undigested , crude , incompetent measure now before us , has either been founded on a sufficient investigation of the 716 whole subject ( the very reverse is notorious ) or that . it is to be considered as a permanent and adequate remedy for the necessity from which it is said to arise . The admission therefore of my hon . and learned friend is of itself an argument sufficiently conclusive against the passing of the present bill.—But , considering this as what it alone pretends to be , a temporary measure , let us examine what is the difference between it and the usual indemnity granted to the constant exercise of the discretion of the governors of the West India colonies ? It is said that it is better that this power of a temporary suspension of the navigation laws should be lodged with his majesty 's ministers , than with the governors of the West India islands ; that ministers are more competent to the task of judging of the necessity of the case , as far as the West Indies are concerned ; while on the other hand , they will have the opportunity , which the governors of the colonies can not have , of hearing every thing that may be advanced on behalf of the ship-owners , before they consent to open the ports in the West Indies . This , they say , is so manifestly for the , interest of the ship-owners , that it is almost inconceivable that the ship-owners should oppose this measure . Now , sir , these are very fine words , but men of sense , and of business , are not likely to be deluded by them . How does the case of the ship-owners now stand ? It has been proposed , that before you provide a measure which is to continue in operation during the whole , you should go into a committee to ascertain what are the claims , pretentious , and interests of the ship-owners ? they tell you , that according to their belief , this law will operate to their incalculable prejudice ; that it will absolutely annihilate their trade ; and this they say they are ready to prove to you in a committee above stairs . Ministers answer , No ! We will consent to no such committee . Why not ? Is it for want of time ? the time of bringing forward this measure is of the minister 's own choosing . Nor do they now appear to feel themselves hurried in other matters . Much of their important military arrangements remain to he settled . There is therefore session enough remaining , and there can be no apprehension of danger even if this measure should go off until the next session ; for whatever the necessities of the West India colonies may be , the governors there can act upon their responsibility , and will have their bill 4 indemnity as heretofore . But 717 for whatever reason , they are determined it seems to have no investigation now . They will have no previous enquiry into the nature of the case , for which they are now providing a law . They say , `` leave the discretion in our hands , '' `` let its be judges of the necessities of cases as they occur , and we will hear you , the ship-owners , hereafter , upon each particular case , but we will not hear you now . '' That is , you will not hear them now , when you