or dexterously misstated the purport of this amendment . He has argued against it as if its avowed object had been to prevent , the passing of this bill during the war ; and he has told us that , in his opinion , the time of danger is the properest time for the display of additional courage and magnanimity . The noble lord has illustrated his proposition , ( according to the custom of the treasury bench , when argument is wanting , ) by a story , the authenticity of which it is not necessary to question , of some wise and gallant individual , who appears to have obtained a great share of the noble lord 's admiration , by replying to a person who asked him `` What he would do if he were on the top of Salisbury steeple ? '' `` That he would do on Salisbury steeple precisely the same thing that he would do on Salisbury plain . '' This reply the noble lord considers as fraught with wisdom and magnanimity , and as affording a brilliant example to parliament and to the country . In point of wisdom , perhaps , it is not easy to decide between the person who asked the question and him who answered it . It may be matter of surprize , indeed , that the answerer did not reply to the querist by another query , namely , `` Why in God 's name he should go to the top of the steeple at all ? '' What it was that he was to do when he got there , the noble lord has not condescended to inform us , nor would it perhaps he becoming to suggest ; but among the few functions which a man in that situation could possibly perform , there does not appear to be any one which is peculiarly worthy of the imitation or attention of the house , or which might not have been performed with as much advantage and satisfaction in a horizontal direction upon the plain as in a perpendicular one from the steeple . But however splendid this individual achievement may have been in the noble lord 's opinion , he must see that as an illustration it is not good for much , unless it be the noble lord 's intention to contend , not only that we ought to behave with steadiness and courage in time of actual danger , but that it is expedient to create dangers , and to place our , selves in situations of peril , purely for the sake of exhibiting our magnanimity . Such would be the failure of the noble lord 's argument , even if applied to the question as he has argued it , of commencing this system in time of war : but the object of the amendment being , as has been stated , to suspend the operation of the system during future wars , it would be difficult to make out any claim of magnanimity on our part 545 for inflicting on posterity evils which we do not encounter ourselves.— What objection can reasonably be offered to this amendment we are yet to learn . To the principle of it the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) has subscribed , when he admitted an extension of 3 years ' service in the case of discharger ; becoming claimable during war . This admission is of itself sufficient to acknowledge the necessity ; but it is not sufficient to remedy it . On the other hand , it breaks in upon the certainty and definiteness in the term of service , which the right hon gent . has urged as the main advantage of his whole system ; it breaks in upon it sufficiently to destroy the inducement arising from it , at the same time that it does not meet the evil , the apprehension of which alone can justify any such infraction . Quitting , however , the narrower ground of the amendment immediately before us , the noble lord has gone into the more general topics