to their public expo- 874 sure , unless very clear , and very strong grounds indeed , should be laid for the propriety or expediency of such a production . Of this , he thought proper to apprise the noble viscount , on whose behalf he imagined the noble earl opposite to him came forward on the occasion . In the course of that morning , he had understood , he observed , it was intended to move for the production of those papers . shortly stated that his noble friend ( lord Melville ) intending to postpone the motion he had given notice of on Friday , to another day , he would therefore move to discharge the order for summoning their lordships for Friday next , in order to renew the same for Tuesday next . had no objection to the proceeding , but expressed his wish to know , whether it was the intention of the noble viscount to move for the papers he had adverted to ? To this query , the earl of Westmoreland answered in the affirmative . The order was then discharged , and a similar order made for summoning their lordships on Tuesday next . The Insolvent Debtors bill was read a first time.—Mr . Vansittart brought up a bill for consolidating and rendering more effectual several acts for improving the approaches to Westminster Hall , and the two Houses of Parliament . Read a first time.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee on the act for allowing the introduction of a limited quantity of coals into the cities of London and Westminster by the Inland navigation . The resolution of the committee was agreed to , and a Bill for continuing the act of the 45th of the king , for that purpose , ordered pursuant thereto.—Mr . Vansittart moved , `` that the house do resolve itself into a committee of ways and means , '' in which it was resolved that the lords commissioners of the treasury should be empowered to issue tickets , not exceeding 100,000 , for the purposes of one or more lotteries for the present year , on the usual terms of 101. a ticket , and subject to such regulations as the Lords of the Treasury shall think proper . The report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—The House , on the motion of Mr. Van- 875 sittart , resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of allowing a bounty on the exportation of oil of vitriol , in which it was resolved that a bounty of 5s . 6d . per cwt . should be allowed on all oil of vitriol made in Great Britain , and exported to foreign parts . The report was ordered to be received to-morrow . Mr. Vansittart moved , that the house do resolve itself into a committee of the whole house to consider of the supply granted to his majesty ; in which it was resolved , that a sum not exceeding 1,000,000l . be granted to his majesty to enable him to pay the same to the East India company , for money laid out by them in the public service . Also a sum not exceeding 3,000,000l . towards defraying the expences of the extraordinaries of the army for the year 1806 . Also 600,000l . for the extraordinaries of the army in Ireland Also 5507l . 18s . 8d . for the purc hase of ordnance lands , for the better security of the docks , ships , and stores at Chatham . The house was resumed , and the report Ordered to be received to-morrow.—On the motion of sir J. Sinclair , the house resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of the report of the committee on Scotch forfeited estates , in which various sums arising from the said forfeited estates were voted in aid of different specific purposes ; such as completing the buildings for the court of Exchequer , promoting the fisheries , and the agricultural interests of the Highlands and for the support and repairs