30th April , 1804 1,588,389 Amount payable on Debt in April 1805 2,017,358 Deduct Sinking Fund , as above 195,788 Net Amount of interest payable on Debt owing on 30th April , 1805 1,821,576 Increase of Interest payable 233,181 His lordship , on the whole , did not think he went too far , when he said , that , in his opinion , the deficiency or excess of charge could not be taken at less than 3 millions . The debts , bearing interest in India , he was aware , there might be danger of having called in , though the directors had the power of protracting the payment for sometime . should this be the case , some extraordinary means might be necessary to be resorted to ; but of this there was no immediate appearance . It might be expected that he should be able to give some account of the measures proposed to be adopted for reducing the expenditure in India . It was well known , that government had lately been pretty much employed in devising measures of reform in the public expenditure , but it was deemed more expedient to wait till it was seen how far any schemes of the kind were practicable , before they should be gone into as to India . It would be the duty of the commissioners , for Indian affairs , to call the attention of parliament to this subject , at as early a period as possible . It was not his intention to trouble the committee on the subject of the treaties with Scindea or Hlkar , nor did he think himself even call 1053 ed on to give any opinion on that subject . He knew it was the opinion of others , that these treaties were honourable to the British character , and calculated to preserve pacific dispositions in India . On the whole , though he admitted that the financial department in India did not wear the most cheerful aspect , and although he would be the last person in the world to raise sanguine hopes , which were not likely to be realised , still he thought it would be wrong to give any sanction to unmanly despondency . Our resources in the East were great , and , by proper management and economy , might still be brought to answer our highest expectations . He did not speak of that economy which would teach us to withhold a reward from merit , or to retrench in the becoming grandeur of the executive government—economy which only tended to defeat the objects which it had in view—but that economy , which would teach us to act on principles of moderation , justice , and equity . His lordship concluded by moving his first resolution , shewing the revenues of , the provinces in Oude in 1803-4 . On the question being put , expressed the high satisfaction which he felt at the fair and candid manner , in which the noble lord had made his statement . He heartily concurred with the noble lord in the importance of the subject , of which , notwithstanding the house had uniformly treated it with so much indifference , the attendance that night furnished an additional proof . He could not , however , help thinking that the noble lord was himself somewhat to blame , in having so long delayed bringing forward the subject , the papers necessary to make the statements having been in this country for nearly twelve month 's ; and it having been promised , in the month of February last , that the attention of the house should be speedily called to them . In looking at the accounts , which were as full and distinct as could well be expected , he could not help remarking , that though the period to which they applied was a period of war , a great part of the increase was for civil charges . He thought , without withholding any due reward from meritorious services to the company , the expences in the civil establishment might be greatly reduced