compensation for the losses they would sustain , in consequence of a measure that would deprive them of a trade which they had followed from the time of queen Elizabeth , under the sanction of parliamentary protection . The necessary consequence of the measure must be bankruptcies without number ; the emigration of useful artisans , with their capitals , to America ; and the loss to this country , for ever , of many useful artificers . said , it was certainly in the power of the hon . general 's constituents to petition the house for compensation for the losses they would sustain from the abolition of this trade ; but he , for his part , would 588 not consent to give any part of his property for that purpose , nor would he consent that it should be taken out of the public purse , as it was well known to the merchants , that they carried on the trade against the wish of the country at large . Another reason against allowing them compensation , was , that it could not be ascertained whether it would be beneficial to Liverpool or not ; as , in all the bills which had been brought in for the regulation of the trade , they had uniformly stated , that each would act as an entire abolition , and had afterwards acknowledged that it had a contrary tendency . With respect to the principle of the measure , the person who proposed the abolition , let him stand on what side of the house he would , was always his friend . He thought , however , that the Resolution in 1792 was , decisive ; and he thought , for the dignity of the house , it should have been acted on long before this . He was extremely sorry , indeed , that another resolution should now be proposed , the same , nearly , as the former , but not so strong , without the house haying any security that it would be followed up with any other motion . He was the more surprised at this mode of proceeding , as his right hon . friend had declared himself still an advocate for the immediate abolition , and he , for his part , heartily wished that the latter mode had been proposed . The argument used by his right hon . friend , against bringing in a bill , was , that the session was now far advanced , and that though it might be passed through one house , yet it was probable that there would not be a sufficiency of time to allow it to be discussed in the other ; but , he would ask whether there would not be the same portion of time consumed in discussing a bill , as there was in discussing a resolution ? The bill might be short , and conceiving that it was practicable to pass it in the present session , he , for his part , would advise that it should be brought in . agreed with the hon . gent . who just sat down , that it was better , and he conceived it would be more consistent with the principle the right . hon . secretary had always entertained , to bring in a bill , even at this late period of the sessions , than to proceed on this indefinite resolution . This motion , a mere declaration of an intention to act , without naming any time , or any particular manner of acting , appeared to him to be of no use , except , perhaps , that of keeping up , for a little longer , the old 589 character of the rt . hon . secretary , amongst those who had felt evident disappointment at his conduct since in office . If the rt . hon . gent . really meant it as a serious proposition , or any thing else than one of those convenient measures of parliamentary management , which he sometimes condescended to adopt , he ( lord C. )