; and he presented the same to the house ; and it was read by Mr. Speaker , and is as followeth , viz . His Majesty having takers into his royal consideration the eminent and signal services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson in the course of a long series of distinguished exploits , and particularly in the glorious and decisive victory of Trafalgar , in which he unfortunately fell ; and being desirous to bestow on the family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson such considerable and lasting marks of his royal favour as may correspond with the sense he entertains of services so honourable to the British Navy , and so eminently beneficial to the interests of the nation ; and : for this purpose , of granting to the Earl Nelson , and the heirs male of his body , and such other persons to whom the title of Earl Nelson may descend , pursuant to the limitations of the patent whereby the said dignity is granted , a nett annuity of five thousand pounds during their respective lives ; and also , of granting a sum , not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand pounds , as a further provision for the family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson , a part whereof it his majesty 's intention should be appropriated to the purchase of a house and lands , to be annexed as above to the said dignity ; re- commends it to his faithful commons to consider of a proper method of enabling his majesty to grant and settle such annu- 107 ity , and to make such further provision as aforesaid , in such manner as may be thought most effectual for the benefit of the family of the said lord viscount Nelson.—G . R. '' —Ordered , That this House will , to-morrow , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to take his Majesty 's said most gracious Message into consideration moved the order of the day for the house to resolve itself into a Committee of Supply . then moved , that the petition of Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie , claiming a compensation for the loss they had sustained in the importation of Swedish herrings , be referred to the said committee . thought the house ought to pause , before they admitted an uninvestigated claim to the amount of 35,000l . The whole of this case had been diligently examined by the late board of treasury , and his it . hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , now no more , after . taking great pains in the investigation , did not think himself justified in admitting the claim . He therefore hoped the hon . member would postpone submitting it to a committee of supply , in order to afford an opportunity for further examination . He said , that since he came into the house this day , he had put a copy of the minute of the board of treasury into the hands of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and he thought he should have time to consider of it before the motion was brought forward . said , that he meant to have stated the whole of the case before he made his motion in the committee . He had already put off this business three times , One of which was for the accommodation of hon . gent . himself . As to the paper which the hon . gent , put into the hands of one of the ministers , it consisted of only about twelve lines , and did not require much deliberation . However , if it were the wish both of the hon . gent . and the noble lord alluded to , that he should postpone it , he would do so , as he was aware he had little chance of success , if he had not their concurrence . said , that the lords of the treasury had considered themselves bound to resist the application , and had it been brought forward in the time of the