or becoming to charge the house with levity . He was surprised that the hon . gent . who made the motion should refuse to explain to the house what was the object of it . He was entirely of opinion with the noble lord , as to the impropriety of instituting an enquiry in that house at the same time that parliamentary commissioners were employed in the investigation elsewhere , who had power to call for papers and to examine witnesses on oath . was convinced the hon . mover had too much pleasantry and good humour to feel hurt , if a smile was excited in the house by the uncertainty he had evinced on his own motion , as to whether the letter for which he moved , was to or from the secretary at war . He thought it more regular for the commission to go on and do its functions , and afterwards for the 243 hon . gen. to come forward with his motion , if he should then deem it necessary . explained , that the motion was written in the sense in which he wished to have it put , but the hand-writing not being the most legible , he had inadvertently read one word for the other . still pressed for an answer . Could the house , he asked , enter into the enquiry when there was a parliamentary commission actually sitting ? thought he had made out a strong case for enquiry . If the letter he had moved for had been attended to , there would have been an absolute saving of 100l . per cent . To the public . thought there never was a case on which a motion for the previous question could so properly be put . Unless suspicions were entertained of the commissioners , he did not see how the house could proceed farther . It had delegated its authority for the present to those commissioners , and till there was some ground to suppose , that they were not doing what was right , he thought it would be improper to interfere with their proceedings , an should therefore move the previous question . could not agree with the hou . Gent . That enquiry in that house should stop , because enquiry happened to be going on else where . He did not think that parliament , by delegating its power to a commission , did thereby preclude itself from adverting to the subject if it thought proper . was sorry that the hon . gent . Had not been in the house to move the previous question upon his first motion . By moving for the previous question , the house would put itself in the situation of having ordered on paper , which was of no use , unless explained by those which there was now a disposition to refuse . To say , continued the hon . gent. , that a commissioner is equal to a member of parliament , is ridiculous . Are there not men in this house as good as any commissioners can be ? All I ask for is two or three short letters which a clerk can copy out in half an hour . Give me but these , and I will take upon me to prove that there has been a corrupt and profligate profusion in a branch of our expenditure , which has cost the country 10 or 12 millions , and I pledge my character as a member of parliament to do it . What am I to think , sir , when the treasury bench start up and move the previous question on such an occasion ? I am resolved to take 244 the sense of the house day after day , till I see that there is no intention to keep the public accounts private . And this at a time , sir , when the people of England are loaded with new and intolerable burthens , and when every man is called on to shed the last drop of his blood , and to deliver up the