possible our volunteer corps . The opinion of the French government was also pronounced on the comparative merits of the two systems ; for , when Bonaparte was obliged to carry all the regular army of France into Germany , it was not on the peasantry , but it was upon corps similar to the volunteers that he called , and to whom he trusted the defence of the country . The system , however , which was now brought forward , was neither that of an armed peasantry , ( for it appeared that the gentlemen on whom this bill was to operate were not to be trusted with the possession of arms ) , nor was it at all like a volunteer system . This system was not to be acted on without a breach of faith to those counties and districts to whom the royal assurance was given , that if they furnished their quota of volunteers the training act should not be enforced . He could not perceive any necessity for this breach of faith , as the country was infinitely stronger , and its danger from the enemy less , than at the time when the levy-en-masse act was passed . If there really existed any immediate danger , the country would submit to any plan that they could understand for repelling it ; but he was really afraid the present plan originated rather from the desire of satisfying the military opinions of the right honourable secretary ( Mr. Windham ) , and for the sake of redeeming that pledge , which he had somewhat indiscreetly given to the house . It did not appear to him , that the measure was at all called for from the relative situation of this country and the enemy . could not conceive how it could with justice be called a wild theory , to discipline for 28 days in the year , those persons who might be called upon to assist the regular army in the event of an invasion . It was too much to call every variation from the established rules , a mere experiment . Every amendment of old acts of parliament , every new act of parliament , might with equal justice be called an experiment . One hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Stanhope ) seemed to consider that it was a great breach of faith , that those who had subscribed for volunteers should be liable to serve themselves . The present bill , however , would not go farther than the old militia laws , or oblige any one to serve that was past the age of 45 . The fines upon the parishes were by no means as severe as under the militia laws , and would only ope- 823 rate , when there was any contumacy in the parish refusing to proceed to the ballot . He was convinced the bill would not at all diminish the number of volunteers ; but that , on the contrary , a great number of persons would be enrolled in those corps , in order to exempt them from this service . commented on the language uniformly used by the right hon . author of this bill against the volunteers . That language , while the right hon . gent . was in opposition , might be overlooked , as the sentiments of an individual . But now that he might be conceived to speak with the voice of government , his language must , and had created alarm and discontent among that gallant body . In any services which the volunteers might render to the right hon . gent . and his colleagues after such language , well might they exclaim in the terms of the insulted Jew , in the Merchant of Venice , `` You spit on me , '' & c. The plan of the right hon . gent . towards the volunteers must , in his judgment , tend ultimately to disband the volunteer corps . For such as were of the higher orders he would disgust by depriving them of their rank , such