requesting that the house would transfer the sums paid to the younger branches of his family , from the aggregate to the consolidated fund ; and would be pleased to enable him to make such farther increase to their incomes , as circumstances might render proper . then said , that the first part of his majesty 's message sufficiently explained its object , and did not require much comment . A provision had been made for his royal highness the duke of Gloucester and the princess Sophia , out of what was called the aggregate fund , which was since transferred to the consolidated fund . This was discovered on the death of the late duke of Gloucester , when it was proposed to continue his income to the present duke ; but as the aggregate fund did now exist , it became necessary to transfer it , by the interference of parliament , over to the consolidated fund . On this subject , he thought no doubt or hesitation could possibly exist , as it was only meant that that should be made good which parliament had formerly thought fit to grant . But the message did not stop here , and he flattered himself that , on due consideration , the house would feel as little hesitation respecting that part of it which called upon them to make such adequate provision for certain branches of the royal family , as was called for by the increased expences of the times . It was not proposed to include the duke of York in this additional grant . Such provision had already been made for him by parliament as he conceived sufficient , and he had generously declined coming forward with any claim on the liberality of the 924 public . The provision for the younger sons of the king was fixed at 12,000l . per annum in 1778 . This was judged at that time to be a proper sum , and adequate to the due support of their rank . But he would leave it to the house to determine , when they looked at the increased expence attending every article of consumption , when they considered that most of them were doubled since that period , and some of them more than doubled , whether that sum could be regarded as any way adequate . From the advanced ages also of the illustrious personages , more appearance and greater expenditure were called for , than in the younger part of their lives , when this sum was originally fixed . If it were necessary to look to precedent in support of what he should propose , it might be sufficient to observe that the late duke of Gloucester had an income from the public of 24,000l . a year , which he enjoyed to the last period of his life . This was considerably more than it was now proposed to bestow ; though he was far from resting on precedent only , since only such an amount of income was wished for , as to enable the illustrious persons to keep up that state and situation in life , which it was incumbent on them to support . In this view it was proposed that their incomes , standing at present at 12,000l . should be increased in future to 18,000l . a year . It was also proposed to provide for the expences of the princes Charlotte of Wales , by a grant of 7000l . a year , instead of 6000l . which she had before . The provision for the princesses stood on the same footing . It was necessary , also to acquaint the house , that the provision for the princesses stood on the same footing as that for the duke Gloucester , and the princess Sophia , and must be transferred from the aggregate fund , now merely nominal , and fixed on the consolidated fund . The allowance to the princesses was to be increased from 4000l . to 5000l . ; and it was proposed to grant 4000l . a year to the duchess dowager of Gloucester