expiration of the Mutiny bill . If they had fixed it for Monday , the complaint would have been , why did not you bring it in sooner ; why did not you give us more time to discuss it ? This was a tolerable sample of the general style of the right hon . gentleman 's arguments . If the measure had been introduced in the Mutiny bill , it was because such was the constant usage of parliament . The right hon . gent . next found fault with popular assemblies , and parliament 's meddling , with the army of the crown . Where was it that he made that objection ? In a house where the Mutiny bill is annually , passed , for the avowed purpose of subjecting the army of the country , in some measure , to parliamentary controul . `` But , '' said the right hon , gent. , `` we spent our time much better when we were in administration ; we never interfered with the army of the crown ; but we provided a constitutional and a parliamentary army to be a balance to it , and at the same time to assist it with recruits . '' For his part , he must say , he never heard of a parliamentary army before , except in the year 1641 ; and as for the distinction which had been made , of royal army and parliamentary army , it was what no writer , no speaker , nor no man at all acquainted with the principles of the constitution , had ever taken notice of . Every army in this country was royal , and every army was also parliamentary . The right hon . gent . seemed to consider the disposable force as the king 's army , and every other description of force as a sort of balance to it . The militia , indeed , from its composition , and the description of its officers , might be , in some degree , considered in that light ; but as to the additional force raised by the parish bill , nothing could be more ridiculous than to call them a parliamentary force , which was to be a balance to any other , as they were offered by persons appointed by the 472 crown , and taken from the king 's army . An hon . general ( sir J. Pulteney ) had , on a former night , roundly asserted , that no other nation in Europe had ever adopted the limited service recommended ; but that night he was pleased to retract something from his assertion , and only said , that the general practice of the European nations , was against it . The hon . general had not stated the case fairly , when he represented , that , if old France adopted the system , her armies were the worse for it , and that in the 7 years war they had been every where defeated . The hon . general should not have confined himself to the 7 years war , but should have also taken the war preceding it . In that war he would have found , that though the French lost the battle of Dettingen , they won that of Fontenoy , and were , in the whole of the war , most conspicuously successful . Even in the 7 years war , the conduct of the French armies was by no means treated with that levity in the writings of the king of Prussia , that it had been by the hon . general . As the ordonnance subsisted from 1710 to 1787 , it was not fair merely to take 7 years of that period as a criterion , when for 77 years they had acquired and supported a high military reputation . The argument which his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) had drawn from the Swiss , was , in his opinion , a very strong one , and completely unanswered . If it were said , that the moral excellence