inhabitants , having experienced the advantages resulting from the employment of British capital , would be the less ready to defend them . The bill , he contended , would , in its operation , greatly injure Jamaica and the Bahama islands ; the former island was several hundred leagues to leeward of all our colonies , and , unless the trade with slaves to the Spanish Main was allowed , it would not be worth the while of any trader in slaves to come to Jamaica , as in case , as it probably might happen , he could not find a market for them there , he Would be subjected to enormous expense and loss . He therefore objected to the bill , and should take other opportunities of stating his objections . approved of some parts of the bill , and therefore should not object to the second reading . To other provisions of the bill , however , he should strongly object in another stage of it , as their operation would shut out a mart for Bri- 34 tish manufactures to the amount of 3 millions sterling . defended the bill , which he considered as founded in sound policy . If as had been stated by the counsel who had been heard , slaves were to be considered as merchandize , they must be considered as the raw material . It had always been considered as highly impolitic to export to foreign states any raw material from this country , which was afterwards to be worked up into manufactured articles . Upon this Principle , therefore , it was surely extremely impolitic to allow slaves , which were the raw material with respect to the produce of our colonies , to be exported by British subjects to the colonies of the enemy , thereby giving them the means of using this raw material to increase their produce , and enabling them to rival us in the market.—The bill was then read a second time . gave notice , that he should propose several amendments in the committee , and that if the bill came out of the committee in its present state , he should think it his duty to oppose it on a subsequent stage . presented a bill from the coach-makers of London against the raw hide and skin cutting and flaying bill.—A person from the Tax Office presented an account of the amount of all Exemptions to Foreigners on sums in the Public Funds , upon the Property Tax act . Ordered , on the motion of Mr. Magens , after a short conversation between Mr. Foster , Mr. Corry , and Mr. Magens , that there be laid before the house an account of the quantities and value , real and official , of all foreign Linens imported into Great Britain from the 1st of Jan. 1790 , to the 1st of Jan. 1806 . Also of the quantity exported during the same period , together with the rate and amount of duties and drawbacks thereon , distinguishing the several sorts , and each year.—The Secretary at War , for the purpose of throwing light on a part of a comparison which had been made in some late debates , moved that there be laid before the house , a return of the number of recruits raised under the Additional Force act that had volunteered from limited to unlimited service from Oct. 1804 , to April , 1806 . Ordered . moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee of Ways and Means , and that the several Accounts presented , relative to the Revenue of Ireland , should be referred to the said Committee . The house having resolved itself into the said committee , the hon . baronet said , that if in attempting to lay before the committee the statement of the Revenue of Ireland , he was possessed of the abilities and eloquence of his noble friend near him ( lord H. Petty ) , he should not feel at all embarrassed at the task he had to perform , because he should