, I do not ask what necessity , but what pretence , what decent apology can the king 's ministers offer , for laying the foundation of their plan for remodelling the army , by dismembering the ancient prerogatives of the crown ? These , sir , are the grounds on which I should object to the mode in which the measure is brought under our discussion , even if from the measure itself I entertained sanguine expectations of good , instead of anticipating , as I confess I do , abundant evils and dangers . I object to establishing that as a system , which is confessedly to be tried as an experiment : I object to limiting the king 's prerogative , for the undesirable purpose of putting the management of the recruiting and the detailed economy of the army into the hands of parliament : I object to this , even if the experiment is to succeed and the system to become permanent : but if there be the remotest chance of failure , and of a necessity for recurring to the old system again , I object doubly to a pledge on the part of parliament which must embarrass , beyond all calculation , the difficulty of a retreat . But the right hon . gent . and his friends are confident that the experiment can not fail . One of his friends , indeed , the hon . colonel ( colonel Craufurd ) is much more sanguine than the right hon . gent . himself , and rebukes the right hon . gent . for having admitted that no immediate good was to be expected . The hon . colonel is of a very different opinion ; and , with an estimate upon the table , of 330,000l . annual expence , to be added at one stroke , immediately , —with the admission of the right hon . author of the project , that he looks for no immediate advantage , —the hon . colonel has the boldness to contend that the advantages are immediate , and the inconveniences and burthens , if any , contingent and remote . I can hardly presume to decide between such great authorities , especially when I find them differing upon . a point which they might be supposed to have settled in the course of their daily official communica- 461 tion . But I confess I am inclined in this , though perhaps in no other single instance , to adopt the opinion of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , and to give him credit for the remoteness and precariousness of any possible advantage from his plan ; while the paper on your table , containing as it does but one item of the expense to be incurred , is of itself a sufficient proof that some part of the burthen at least is to be felt immediately . The right hon . gent . very ingenuously told us , that he wished he had looked a little more narrowly into the calculations of expence : I wish he had—perhaps it was in some degree his duty to do so ; and he would at least have been enabled to make good his argument against his hon . friend ( colonel Craufurd ) and to correct his inaccuracy in one instance , as he disclaims his sanguineness in another . But as to the powerful effects and inducements which belong to the limitation of the term of service , there is no difference of opinion between the right hon . gent . and his friend . It is to fill the ranks of the army , and to fill them with a better description of people . To this we presume to answer , that if limitation of service be so alluring , we have already tried the force of that allurement , by limiting not the term only , but the space ; by inviting men to serve not for a few years only , but for those few years at home : the trial has been not wholly without success