of inequality and injustice . He thought the present question of vast magnitude , and not to be decided in so thin a house . It was not too much then to ask a little time . recommended the landed interest to the attention of the 220 committee , as gentlemen of landed property were , as the bill then stood , to be taxed in sonic cases 13 , in others 17½ per cent . on their incomes . thought this tax ; of 10 per cent . on all funded property , would fall peculiarly heavy on many of the lower classes of the people , but particularly servants , he would suppose a faithful servant had saved , after years of service , 100l . and he places it in the funds . His master dies , or by any other casualty he became a servant out of place , and has an income of 3l . a year ; whilst those in other different classes only pay for above 50l . a year ; there was great hardship and partiality in this . He asked if it was right to apply this new machinery to enable us to carry on the war ? He thought not ; and he was afraid it would raise a discontent in the country almost equal to disaffection . He questioned whether there were any two members in the house , not only in its then very thin state , but when it was quite full , except the noble lord and his right hon . neighbour ( Mr. Vansittart ) who understood the bill at all ; for his part , he had paid to it all the attention in his power , and could not make it out . coincided with the noble lord , with regard to the impolicy of increasing the scale of taxation in proportion to the increase of income . But he could not see any reason for taxing those who had funded property , so much more severely than annuitants . observed , that the objections which had been urged by several hon . members , proceeded entirely from a misapprehension of the principle of the bill . They had all along argued as if it went to impose a tax on income , and not on property . The present tax bore a resemblance to the land-tax , which was paid in the same proportion by the man who had ten acres , as by him who had ten thousand . In the same manner , this tax was proposed to be laid on the property of the subject , and did not at all enquire into the amount of that property . The efficacy of the tax would depend on adhering to this principle ; and as the income arising from an annuity or from labour was very different from that derived from real property , certain remissions of the tax were proposed to be granted in the former cases . The situation of the man who had an annuity , was very different from that of him who had an income arising from real property . The an- 221 nuity expired with the life of the annuitant , while the stockholder was always possessed of a real capital . The difference between the two was evidently immense , and the present tax constantly kept in view this essential distinction . thought the bill bore too hard on the lower classes of the people . It was said , that every man was , by the bill , taxed according to his means . This was not , however , the case ; every man , it was true , having more than 50l . a year , was liable to be taxed ; but a man who possessed 50l . a year with a certain number of children , could not be said to have the same means to pay the tax as the man who had the same property , and no children . He thought , therefore , there ought to be exemptions in that respect , as in