into rods , or drawn less than three quarters of an inch square . The com- 38 mittee would perceive that British Iron was left free , and as that was convertible to all agricultural purposes , he hoped that the present duty would not be severely felt ; he estimated its produce at 15,000l . The next article upon which he had to propose a duty was Tea . This duty was intended principally for the purpose of regulation , and to prevent evasion . The duty he proposed to lay on was 20 per cent . upon tea under 2s . 6d . per pound , and he estimated the produce at about 2000l . He came next to the article of Stamps . He meant to propose an entirely new modification of the Stamp Duties of Ireland , and he should propose to repeal the existing Stamp Duties , for the purpose of substituting a new act , in which all the duties should be brought into one point of view . He expected as much from the effect of the new regulations which he meant to adopt as from the increase of the duties . This great object was to prevent the evasions which were constantly practised . The stamp duties were in a considerable degree affected by attornies , who , in cases where the proceedings did not go beyond the second stage , did not issue the process upon stamps , though they were charged to the client . Now it certainly was right that whatever was paid by the public should be received by the treasury . There were several other regulations to provent evasions and frauds . The other stamp duties were upon leases , upon bonds ( which for small sums was very inconsiderable , and increased asccording to the amount of the bond ; but in all cases it was considerably lower than the duty on bonds in G Britain ) , deeds of sale , awards , agreements , and receipts for legacies . A small duty of 10 per cent . was proposed upon legacies to children , where the sum exceeded 500l . ; and upon the licences for Attornies who had not practised three years 1l . ; and 2l . upon those who had practised longer . The various regulations and additions to the Stamp Duties , exclusive of the duties upon entries , he estimated at 80,000l . The duties upon entries inwards , beginning with Duties amounting to 5l . and carrying them on proportionably , and doubling them on bills of view and store , except on coffee and tobacco , he estimated at 20,000l.—He now came to the subject of the Distilleries . He had to state to the house , that previous to the last Session , stills of 200 gallons might legally be worked , and during that time , in order to encourage large stills , which could not so easily defraud the revenue , because they could be more easily watched , a bounty was 39 allowed on stills of 500 gallons of 8l . and 16l . on those of a 1000 gallons . But in the last Session all stills under 500 gallons were prohibited , but the bounty upon 500 gallon stills continued ; so that , in fact , there was a bounty given to the distiller for working a still which the law directed him to work in . The consequence of this was , a considerable reduction of the revenue , for the distillers reduced their stills to that standard which was more advantageous to them because , from the facility of working them more liquor could be distilled in two stills of 500 gallons than in one of 1000 gallons . This bounty , therefore , acted in a direct inverse ratio to the original intention of government , because it encouraged the small stills . He therefore proposed to take away the bounty upon stills of 500 gallons , to reduce the bounty upon stills of 1000 gallons one half , viz . to 8l . and to grant