regular army . With respect to the resolution proposed , it was , first , necessary to see whether the reasons given , to induce the house to vote it , were sufficient ; and , for his part , he did not think they were ; as , in the first place , the hon . gent . had not set out on facts ; for , after stating that his majesty 's ministers were about to get rid of them , he advised the house , at least , to give them a bene decessit before they went . This was the mis-statement he complained of ; for , it was not now , nor was it ever , his intention , to get rid of the volunteers . It could not be expected , that the system should be kept up in the manner it was begun , as the private subscriptions , which were double the 5 millions advanced by government , never would be repeated ; and he , therefore , thought it should be considered , that 1108 any reduction made in the expense , did not tend to destroy , but to support , the system . The right hon . gent . then adverted to what had been said , with respect to the permanent duty ; but , he conceived , the expense was so great , as to warrant his taking it away ; and with regard to the system of training , he thought , that would evidently tend to increase the volunteers . He again contended , that the reasonings of the hon . gent . were incorrect : certain it was , that he thankfully acknowledged , and highly approved of , the conduct of the navy and army , for the last year ; but he had not any idea of moving a vote of thanks to them , as there was no instance which pointed out the necessity ; therefore , he did not think thanks should be voted to the volunteers , as there was no particular reason for it ; that stated , of their being dispirited , not being well founded . It would not , however , be proper , he thought , to put a negative on the resolution , as some parts of it were true ; but , as other parts of it were untrue , and unsupported , he thought , the best mode of disposing of it was , by the previous question ; which he should support , if any hon . gent . should think proper to move it . thought the right hon . gent . had been , in error , with respect to the volunteers ; and it would be more consistent with his manliness , to avow it . If the right hon , gent . could be brought to recant his errors , and make the volunteers the backbone of his system , he might raise such a military force as no enemy could overcome , and lease the army completely disposable . As to the resolution , he thought the house ought to agree to it , as it would make up the breach between the right hon . gent . and the volunteers , and record the opinion of the house , that the volunteers had deserved well of their country . stated some arguments against the resolution , in the shape and manner in which it had been brought forward , and concluded by moving the previous question upon it . said , it was argued that this vote of thanks should not be given , because there was no change made with respect to the volunteers . A great change had been made in the army and navy ; as , in consequence of the high opinion the country entertained of them , their pay had been augmented . Now , With regard to the volunteers , the direct contrary course had been taken ; and he , therefore , thought it was 1109 necessary that the country should declare , that they entertained a