of enlistment for a limited term considered constitutionally , he differed entirely from those who contended that it was a dangerous innovation . He had always understood , that in the best times of the British history , jealousy had been ever excited against standing armies , because the men had been enlisted for an indefinite time . The preference given to the militia was grounded expressly on the circumstance that they were enlisted for a limited time . For a while they took up the character of the soldier , afterwards to resume , that of the citizen . Nor would this jealousy of the one class of men , and preference of the other , be surprising , when it was considered how inestimable were the privileges which a recruit resigned on entering into the army , and how different must be the character of the man who surrendered them forever , and the man who surrendered them only for a short period . He was unwilling to intrude any authorities on the house upon this subject ; but he could not refrain from quoting the opinion of that most respectable and venerable judge , whose sentiments on every subject , and more particularly on those subjects immediately connected with the care of our free constitution , were such as entitled him to the most profound attention . Judge Blackstone , in the first . volume of his Commentaries , says , 503 that '' in a land of liberty it is extremely dangerous to make a distinct order of the profession of arms . In absolute monarchies , this is necessary for the safety of the prince , and arises from the main principle of their constitution , which is that of governing by fear : but in free states the profession of a soldier , taken singly and merely as a profession ; is justly an object of jealousy . In these no man should take up arms , but with a view to defend his country and its laws : he puts not off the citizen when he enters the camp ; but it is because he is a citizen , and would wish to continue so , that he makes himself , for a while , a soldier . The laws therefore , and constitution of these kingdoms , know no such state as that of a perpetual standing soldier , bred up to no other profession than that of war : and it was not until the reign of Henry VII . that the kings of England had so much as a guard about their persons . Nothing , then , according to these principles , ought to be more guarded against in a free state , than making the military power , when such a one is necessary to be kept on foot , a body too distinct from the people . Like ours , it should wholly be composed of natural subjects ; it ought only to be enlisted for a short and limited time ; the soldiers also should live intermixed with the people ; no separate camp , no barracks , no inland fortresses , should be allowed . And , perhaps , it might be still better , if , by dismissing a stated number , and enlisting others at every renewal of their term , a circulation could be kept up between the army and the people , and the citizen and the soldier be more intimately connected together . '' What was it that had happened since this luminous author published his Commentaries , that should diminish this jealousy of a standing army ? Was it because the standing army was three times as numerous ? Was it because it had been necessary to establish barracks ? Was it because a great military despotism had been expanding itself over Europe , or because , every advancing year , the vestiges of liberty were progressively destroyed amongst the surrounding empires ? It was in this circumstance that the difference must ever consist between our own troops and those of-the enemy . The corporeal advantages of the former