would strongly prove how delicate and careful the legislature ought to be not to push the taxation to an extent which would induce the consumer to relinquish the use of the article entirely . Not only the reduced consumption of wine , but the increased number of absentees from Ireland , were attributed to excess of taxation . At present , he was happy to state , that it was not necessary to resort to any great increase of imposts on that country , as at the end of the last year there remained 800,000l . due to Ireland , not drawn over from England , and which would more than cover the outstanding treasury bills ; and although he meant now to give the house a power of calling for 500,000l . he had reason to believe that not more than half would be wanted . could not entertain the idea of making Ireland find all her resources in the year for which they were to be applied . Two years ago this principle had been extended to the infliction of an additional 120,000l . a-year ; and if , every second year , the minister were to come to Parliament with a new system of taxation , it would alarm the people of Ireland , and the measures would , in all probability , fail of their object . However the prosperity of the country might have increased , its wealth was not such as to encourage new taxes.—The increased wealth arose in part from the issue of paper ; but every miller was a banker , and he feared it was a false capital : the aggregate opulence of the country was , however , considerably increasing.—The rt . hon . bart . was certainly right not to precipitate Ireland into the system suggested ; but it was a discussion not called for now , and he ( Mr. G. ) considered it wrong to introduce any question on Irish affairs extraneous to that before the house ; he would , therefore , at once give his assent to the motion . strongly objected to the proposed tax upon iron imported into Ireland , as going directly to contravene a principle of the union , by imposing a tax upon a raw material of Irish manufacture , without the possibility of any countervailing , duty , either 50 by drawback upon the export of manufactured iron , because it would be impossible to discriminate between the taxed and untaxed iron in that case , or without increasing the protecting duty of ten per cent . on British manufactured iron imported , in favour of Irish , to 15 per cent . which would be equally objectionable.—In this argument he was supported by Mr. Rose and lord Castlereagh , and answered by lord H. Petty , sir J. Newport , and Mr. Vansittart . At length the several resolutions were carried in the affirmative , and ordered to be reported the the next day . moved the order of the day for resolving into a committee for the further consideration of the Property Duty bill . hoped the noble lord would not press the house at so late an hour to go into a committee upon a bill that was likely to excite so much discussion , especially as several gentlemen who earnestly wished to be present at that discussion , had left the house under a confident persuasion that the further proceedings on the bill would be deferred to another day . said it had been understood on all sides of the house , that this was the day finally determined on for going into a committee on the bill . Several gentlemen had asked him , in the course of the evening , if he really meant to proceed with the bill that evening , and his answer was , that he certainly did , if possible . However , if the hon , baronet , or any other gentleman , had any objection to the principle of the bill , he would have no objection to postpone it , otherwise he should certainly wish to