impressions , when earl St. Vincent presided at the board of admiralty , and that the consequences I have pointed out immediately ensued , I am sure no one who has read the correspondence on the subject can entertain a doubt . What is the language of the timber-merchants ? They all assert , that such alterations have taken place in the receipt and qualification of their timber , that it is impossible to supply the dock-yards . They do not conceive that an advance in price can counterbalance the disadvantages which in this respect they labour under : the receipt of timber , both in qualification and measurement being so considerably reduced , and the quantity refused being increased to an amount exceeding all conception . [ See papers ordered to be printed , July 3 , 1805 , p. 66 to 72 . ] —I observe , in a letter from a Mr. Larking to the navy board , Feb. 13 , 1803 , he says , `` there must in the nature of things be always a great proportion of timber , which will not be quite free from defects , and of course some that may be called unprofitable for conversion ; but if all such is to be refused , it will be in vain to look for any thing like an adequate supply from this or any other country . '' But , sir , I need not occupy more of your time in bringing forward matter , of which the papers moved for afford abundance to prove that the representations of the timber-merchants were well founded—their almost entirely withdrawing themselves from any connexion with government is sufficient proof.—However , before I quit this part of the subject , I must beg to make a few remarks on some of the papers which have been moved for by the hon . admiral , as I can not help suspecting that he intends to infer from them that no severity towards the timber-merchants 180 in the receipt of their timber has been practised ; that no alteration has taken place in the measurement and qualification of timber , injurious to the merchant ; but that on the contrary , the alterations in the contracts have been advantageous to the contractor , of 18 per cent . on sided timber , and 12 per cent . on rough timber . [ Vide papers ordered to be printed , July 3 , 1805 , p. 11 to 19 . ] The other papers I allude to are copies of the letters from the timber-masters to the admiralty , in answer to directions which they had received , to state how far the representations of the timber-merchants to the navy board were true ; and if in discharge of their duty in the receipt of timber , they had exercised any unnecessary rigour , or cut up timber , as the merchants represented ; or if they considered it to be their duty to do justice equally to the merchants as to the public . [ Vide papers ordered to be printed , July 3 , 1805 , p. 87 to 93 . ] — The answer that they returned naturally was , that no unnecessary rigour had been exercised , and that timber had not been improperly cut up , and that they had done justice to the merchant as well as to the public . I would simply ask , How could they return any other answer , and retain their places ? But there are paragraphs in their letters , which evidently shew that alterations have taken place in the mode of measuring and receiving timber , but which they conceive to be justified , when acting up to the letter of their instructions , and of the contract ; and seem to infer , that no injustice is done to the contractor , as long as he has the option of either submitting to their terms , or taking back the timber.—Now , sir , can it be supposed that a merchant , after having been at the expence of preparing the timber for