hon . gent . 's arguments , and vindicated the noble earl from his aspersions ; and he should now conclude by voting against the motion . said , that , in his opinion , the present discussion centered in one point , namely , whether every thing connected with the navy could have been done the king 's yards , or whether it might have been sometimes necessary to have recourse to the merchants ' yards . Considering this as the principal point before the house , he felt himself called upon to give his vote against the motion of the hon . gent . Lord St. Vincent had thought that the king 's yards were sufficient for supporting the navy . This was , however , merely a matter of opinion ; and no blame could attach to the noble lord on that account , who , he was confident , had uniformly acted from the purest motives . He himself had thought , however , that the noble lord had carried his opinion too far ; and he was disposed to believe , that in time of war it would be necessary to have recourse , to a certain extent at least , to the merchants ' yards . Respecting the repairs which ships had undergone in these yards , it was indeed sometimes found that they exceeded the prime cost . But this was often found to take place in repairing an old house as well as an old ship ; and it was generally an object with ship-builders to obtain the repairing of those ships which they built , as they thus got rid of parts of their timber that were not so fit for the purposes of building . They therefore undertook to build ships at a cheaper rate , on stipulating that they should also be employed in repairing them . With respect to several ships which he knew to have come from the merchants ' yards , he must confess that they were very improper for his majesty 's service . This was particularly the case with the Ajax , which he had commanded ; and there were seve- 197 ral others which he knew to be equally unfit . But he contended , that the officers employed for superintending the progress of ships of war in the merchants ' yards should do their duty in preventing such abuses , and that they should be made responsible for the defects that might take place . In his opinion , Lord St. Vincent had done much good to the dock-yards , and by his visit to them had introduced a degree of energy , from which the most beneficial consequences might be expected . Abuses had gradually crept in , and had gone on increasing for a long period of time and it was highly necessary that some remedy should he applied . Still , however , the noble lord 's energy seemed to him , in some instances , carried too far , and rather to border on severity and rigour . But still , sure he was , that the noble lord was actuated by the best motives , and had the good of the navy at heart in all his regulations . It might also be justly said of lord St. Vincent , that he excelled in the selection of naval officers ; though he could not allow that lord Nelson owed his promotion to his discernment alone . He himself had carried out lord St. Vincent in his own ship , to take the command in the Mediterranean , and there they found lord Nelson commanding a squadron , with a distinguished pennant . The glory of that distinguished character originated from himself alone . On the whole , though some of the resolutions which the hon . gent . had read were perhaps well founded , yet looking upon the whole as a matter of opinion only , and also considering those meritorious services performed by the noble lord , and which infinitely outweighed what he might think some errors in judgment , he should find it his