the affairs and government of the nabob of Oude ; of having violated the independence guaranteed by treaty ; of having wrested from the nabob one-half of his territory ; and of having excited his subjects to rebellion , and then having recourse to arms to restore tranquillity . In support of this charge , a most voluminous mass of written documents had been laid on the table , and a considerable body of oral evidence was now , he understood , in waiting , for the purpose of being called in and heard . So voluminous was the mass of documents produced , that it was impossible for the house to have made the due use of them . The farther the subject was contemplated , the larger and more complicated did it appear . The house would therefore see it was a case at once too extensive , too abstruse , too intricate , and too hard for them to decide upon ; and he doubted not that they would perceive the propriety of dismissing it without consideration , or giving any opinion upon it ; for whatever might be the innocence of the noble lord in question , and though the proceedings in the way of investigation by this house , with a view to subsequent impeachment , might not bring home to him any punishment , yet it was obvious from experience , it might produce to him much embarrassment and vexation . In the case of Mr. Hastings , though after a tedious progress of seven sessions , he was finally acquitted , yet the trial brought ruin upon his fortune , and inflicted 738 the most grievous inquietude upon his mind and therefore of all tribunals he should avoid that the most where the guilty had so little and the innocent so much to dread . Besides , it was utterly impossible that the individual members of that house , respectively , could have had time , consistently with their other avocations to pay the particular attention necessary to every part of the evidence laid before them upon this case , to enable them to consider it with the minuteness necessary to warrant a solemn decision , as it would be the duty of a jury to do , before another tribunal . And with respect to impartiality , perhaps it would not be deemed altogether unjust to infer , that some share of party feeling on the subject might have its weight in the deliberation , which of all others should be the most free and unbiassed . There were certainly cases on which the house might feel itself pressed to some decision : but if ever there was a case on which it was desirable the house should not assume a jurisdiction , this was that one . The act to which he had alluded as providing especially for the trial of offences committed in India , passed in 1784 , required that application should be made by the party accusing to the Court of King 's Bench in the first instance , stating the nature of the accusation : and if the Court of King 's Bench should prima facie deem the charge such as was worthy of serious trial , then it had power to direct that a tribunal be constituted , consisting of a certain number of members from each house of parliament , and one judge from each of the three courts of Westminister Hall , one of whom at least should always preside at the sittings of such tribunal , before which any such accusation should be tried . Such a tribunal certainly must be much more competent in point of knowledge upon the subject , than any other which could be found . He had heard it said , that this act of parliament was not intended to extend to crimes of this high political nature , but was contined in its operation to others of a quite different description ; but he had some observations to offer to the consideration of the house , which must remove all doubts , and silence all objections upon