the bounty of 16 per cent . upon stills of 1500 gallons and upwards . This alteration he calculated would produce 70,000l.—The next proposition he had to make was to put the malt houses in the country on the same footing as those in Dublin and other towns . This regulation he calculated would produce 60,000l . He did not mean to propose any additional duty upon Hats , Auctions , or Paper , but merely some regulations in the collection of the present duty , which would produce about 5000l . There was a small sum paid to Captains of Ships , as portage , which the commissioners of Inquiry recommended to be abolished , because almost all of it went into the pockets of the agents of the Captains . This amounted to 5000l . These were the several duties and regulations which he meant to propose for raising the necessary supplies for the service of the year . The amount of them acccording to the estimate he had made would be 317,800l . from this sum was to be deducted on account of old Duties given , 10,145l. , viz . for wool licences 145l . and for the 3s . house tax 10,000l . There would then remain 307,655l . It might be asked why he had not looked to a fund which he pointed out last year as a resource ; he meant the balances of deceased and dismissed collectors . He could assure the committee that from the time he came into office he had not been inattentive to this subject , and he was sorry to say , that in the last year a very considerable augmentation of those balances had taken place . In 1804 they amounted to 188,000l . and last year they were 220,000l . which was an in of 82,000l . besides 19,000l . balance 40 of former years , which had been collected ; so that the real increase was above 50,0001 . If they were to continue to increase at the same rate , they would absorb the hole revenue . He had repeatedly stated in that house , his opinion , that a considerable portion of this money was recoverable , and he now felt himself warranted , after a correct examination , in repeating that assertion . Upon investigating , which he had done minutely , the returns made by the solicitors employed for the recovery of these balances , he found that proper means had not been resorted to to enforce payment ; that in many instances insufficient sureties had been resorted to where good ones existed ; that men of opulence , who were able to pay had been let to pass free , while poor men had been sued . He had felt it his duty to state his opinion upon every article of these returns , and he had sent over directions for the adoption of effectual measures fur enforcing payment ; and he certainly would persevere in his attempts to accomplish that object . He was aware that many of these balances were not recoverable ; some were due almost a century ; but he was convinced , as he had already stated , that a considerable part of them were recoverable—not less , in his opinion , than 130,0001 . If it were due to him , he was sure he could recover it ; and with the facilities which the law afforded for collecting the debts of the crown , there could be very little doubt upon the subject . He really should not have felt warranted in asking fur new taxes if he had not been able to state the means which had been used for recovering this money due to the public , and he sincerely hoped that the committee would continue their inquiries every year , and that they would take care that every part of these balances which were recoverable might be recovered , and the remainder done away for ever . There was upon the table a report from the commissioners of Imprest Accounts with respect to the Linen Board ; it stated