worthy baronet did call the attention of the house to the very subject which the learned gent . has accused him of neglecting , and did more than once complain of the suspension of the navigation laws , and if I am not misinformed , he was prevented only by the promise of the government itself , to look seriously into the question , from making it the subject of a regular motion in this house . All that the learned gent . has said , therefore , of the supposed acquiescence of those who oppose the present bill , and who support the interests of the ship-owners , all that part of the reasoning of the learned gent . falls to the ground , because all the facts upon which his reasoning is founded are removed from under him . —So much for the learned gent 's facts . Now for the general policy which the learned gent . recommends to us . He says that rather than violate a law frequently , you should enact another to make that violation legal . When you can not enforce an act of parliament in its strictness , you should do what ? pass another to amend and modify it ? No , pass another that is a direct repeal and contradiction of it : when a law becomes difficult to be enforced to its full extent , when it becomes inconvenient , or troublesome , or distastetful to ministers , what is the natural course of a government , at least of an omnipotent government , such as this country is at present blessed with , a government which abhors detail , which scorns to descend into the little affairs and petty interests of any class of men ; what but to abrogate it at once , and for that purpose to bring before parliament one grand sweeping clause to do the whole 722 away , without the difficulty of descending into particulars ? this they are pleased to call revising the system of our laws ; but one way of revising a system is to examine it , and one way of understanding a thing is to examine it with deliberation , and after having so done the result is what we call , decision : in this case act with as much decision as you please ; but what I ask of you is , that your decision should not precede enquiry , but what you do should be the result not of arbitrary will , but of well-considered information—But the hon . and learned gent . thinks that the navigation laws will be found inconvenient in some particular instances , or incompatible with the extent of empire which we may enjoy ; but must these laws be altogether repealed because they may be found inconvenient in some particulars ? I trust not . Do I mean to say , therefore , that it is better that our colonies in the West Indies should starve than our navigation laws should be made to give way ? Nothing of the kind . I do mean to say , that there are means of moderating the rigour of these laws , and that like any other laws they may even be suspended in cases of absolute necessity ; and I say too , that notwithstanding this same experience of 13 years , I am persuaded there are , or may be , means of supplying the colonies from this country in a manner nearly , if not entirely , adequate to their necessities ; and I contend , that it would be extremely rash to suspend an entire system , because in some few instances you find that it can not be enforced to its utmost rigour : revise the system , if you will ; but in that case what I contend is , that you ought to receive information upon the subject before you proceed upon your legislative enactments.—But it seems the responsibility of these suspensions of the law of navigation is not to be abandoned any longer to the governors of the islands , but is to