a criminal for an offence , and a valuable prerogative it is , when judiciously exercised ; and I have no doubt , that these acts of indemnity , like the royal prerogative , have been a judicious exercise of discretion ; but did we ever hear of any prerogative that empowered any body before hand to commit an offence ? The power which parliament gave to the governors of the West Indies , parliament expected to be dicreetly exercised , confined to cases of ab- 990 solute necessity , and that they would allow of none of those importations into the colonies by strangers , except in cases of clear necessity . There is no instance of any bill of indemnity passing or of being asked for upon any other foundation . Parliament never meant to grant any indemnity on any other conditions , nor is it too much to assume that parliament never would have granted any indemnity on any other condition ; for , in every act of indemnity that ever passed on this subject , it is stated , that , `` it was necessary for the governors of the islands , to allow the importation of lumber and provisions ; and that those who imported them should be allowed to take away certain articles of colonial produce in return for the same ; '' that is the limited description which you have given them , and the power is only given to the governors in a case of absolute necesssity ; but here it is provided that you shall give the power to the privy council absolutely , and in the fisrt instance . Now I would say , before I gave it any where : before I would say where the power should lodge , I would enquire whether it be necessary to lodge it any where ; and I would ask this house whether it be a matter of course to give this power ; I say , a matter of course , to give the privy council a power of suspending any law without laying the foundation of the necessity of it upon a previous inquiry into the matter . There may be a case of public notoriety on which parliament would act without a previous inquiry , but that is not this case ; there may be such a case as that which occurred in 1784 , in which a previous inquiry may be unnecessary by the notoriety of the necessity ; but that is not like The present case . How do I know whether there has been lately , is now , or may hereafter be , at any time given , a competent supply for the British colonies by British ships , from G. Britain , or from the British colonies in North America by British ships ? How do I know what the state of the trade at home is ? How do I know what state the British colonies of North America are in ? How do I know what the state of British tonnage is at this moment ? How do I know what state it is likely to be in some given time hence ? what do I know of the state in which British trade is without inquiry ? Will the advocates for this bill say that inquiry is nothing , at a moment when it is most Manliest , that 991 without inquiry every thing else is worse than nothing ? Will they give us a statement of facts of their own framing , and which ought to be made the subject of inquiry , when that statement is disputed ? and yet they deny that enquiry to those who offer to prove the truth of a contrary statement , and that , at the very time , when they themselves are shewing the necessity of laying a ground for parliamentary investigation : Sir , I distrust extremely all general arguments in this case ; and , indeed , almost all general arguments when they are made to apply to particular cases : nothing is more easy than to adapt a statement