place , respecting the business , during his absence , which , when he considered the advanced state of the session , and the 226 great pressure of public business , he thought could be with propriety complied with.—The lord chancellor observed , the noble earl need not be apprehensive of any proceedings obtaining with respect to the petition alluded to , this session ; for when their lordships considered the great weight of public business , and the immense quantity of judicial business , un which great property , and interests important to their fellow subjects , depended , they must feel they could spare no time for investigating what peerages were in abeyance.—The earl of Suffolk then made some allusion to the Suffolk-property , the bulk of which was enjoyed by two other noble families , and , in contemplation of his own claims , expressed his wish , that the records or registers were kept and preserved , as they are in Scotland , adverting to the order for Monday , relative to the attendance of witnesses in the case of Mr. Justice Fox , observed that it was evidently impossible for the house to take that business into consideration on so early a day , and therefore he should merely move to discharge the order for Monday , and renew it for the 30th instant ; which motion , he was authorised to say , had the consent of the noble marquis ( Abercorn ) with whom the business originated . said , he was also authorised by his noble friend to state , that he had . no objection to the present motion . He trusted , however , that in postponing the order , it would not be understood that it was to be deferred sine die.—After a few words in explanation from lord Grenville , the order was discharged , and fixed for the 30th instant . moved , that the Additional Force Act Repeal bill should be read a second time on Monday , and the lords be summoned . expressed a wish that a longer interval might be allowed . It was understood that there were other subjects connected with the repeal of this bill , upon which he wished for information , and respecting which , lie thought a further time ought to be allowed for their consideration . His principal reason , however , for rising , was to ask a question of the noble lord . He had heard that it had been proposed in another place , to alter the constitution of the army , by enlisting for a limited time . He wished to know 227 whether there was any intention to that effect on the part of his majesty 's ministers ? denied that there was any connection between the present bill and other measures that it was supposed by the noble lord were intended to be brought forward . Whether any other measures were to be proposed or not , he should still consider the repeal of the bill as a measure of sound and wise policy . With respect to the question of the noble lord , it applied to what was irregularly known with respect to something that had been stated in the house of commons He could only say upon this subject , that the house of commons would decide upon any such propositions , according to their own judgment ; and that this house could not be supposed to know any thing that passed in the other house , until it came regularly before them.—The bill was ordered to be read a 2d . time on Monday , and the lords to be summoned . The order of the day for the third reading of this bill being read , rose , and expressed his intention of moving an amendment to the title of the bill , which lie seemed to say would produce the effects intended , with respect to the operation of certain parts of the bill , to which , more than the rest , he strongly objected . He wished that some peer , more competent