of this practice . The articles of complaint state what may be said to amount to high crimes and misdemeanors in a judge . Shall not , then , a judge be entitled , in the execution of his office , to the same security as any other individual ? I would ask your lordships , whether any thing short of the most positive , clear , and undeniable stream of precedent , ought so to alter the constitution of this house , as to make those matters cognizable by original complaint in the case of a judge , which are not cognizable in the case of any other subject in the country , be the charges against him what they may ? I was proceeding , my lords , to refer to the argument of convenience . Nobody can say , that this proceeding can oust the house of commons of their constitutional functions . If it can not have that effect , let me ask in what situation do you place yourselves , the house of commons , the party in this case , and every other person who may be a party in a similar case , by continuing your endeavours to establish a precedent so destructive of the analogy of all legal proceedings ? I will suppose that your lordships proceed to judgment . What is that judgment ? It is a motion and address concerning things done , not in your judicial , but in your legislative capacity . After entertaining the complaint of the crime , not upon the suggestion of an individual peer , but of the parties pretending to be aggrieved ; after entertaining the complaint of a personal wrong , committed in execution of the office of justice ; after entertaining the case in your judicial capacity , when you come to the conclusion , you form yourselves from your judicial into your deliberate capacity , proceed to an address , which is nevertheless to have the effect of the severest judgment ; but when you have so done you must communicate your proceedings to the house of commons . The house of commons has hitherto no knowledge of any part of this transaction . If it comes to their knowledge by the communication of your resolution , the house of commons may adopt a certain line of proceeding , of which you can not divest them . If they think the charges are matter of high crime , they may entertain them as such , and if they are of sufficient importance to be proceeded in , it is their duty to impeach at the bar of this house . Then see in what a situation we stand . Every one of your lordships would be liable to challenge upon the mere fact that you had already decided . I would ask , whether there could be a situation 759 more degrading , more likely to cast scandal on parliament , and more certain of bringing the subjects of the country into irretrievable calamity , than for a man to be called upon to answer a charge before the same judge , who in another stage of the accusation had pronounced him guilty ? And yet , if this proceeding goes on , there is no alternative but to admit that horrible inconvenience , or to say , that the act of this house shall prejudice the right of all the commons of England , and deprive them of their undoubted privilege . These are inconveniences which arise , not out of this particular case , but from a proceeding which is contrary to the precedent and resolution of the house—a proceeding for which there is no precedent , but against which there is a precedent of the strongest and most conclusive kind that ever existed . I am now to state what the inconveniences are which result on this particular case ; and here let me observe in the little I have to say , that no part of my opinion of the proceedings of this day rests in any manner , or can be in any manner argued