. They , therefore , set aside five letters . There were , also , four or five paragraphs kept out of different papers , because they were to be found in other papers presented , and the reasons were stated in marginal notes . He had no objection , however , to the production of the omitted paragraphs , if the hon gent . wished to have them . Lord Morpeth said , that they had thought of withholding some papers , as being private and confidential ; but if the hon . gent . was of opinion that they would support his cause , he might have them . As to the letters respecting the private character of the nabob vizier , he thought that extracts from these would answer his purpose . Mr. Creevey agreed in what had been said by his noble friend.—Mr . Paull said , that he had come to the knowledge of these papers from the dispatch of the directors ; and contended , that such as he called for would not injure the character of the nabob . He thought , therefore , that the whole should be produced . 518 He did not stand up for the character of the nabob vizier ; but a more correct and dignified conduct had never been displayed by any European prince . From the oppression and tyranny which he had suffered , he had , to be sure , resorted to means to kill care ; and if , by these means , he was unfitted for the management of his affairs , it was an additional reason why the papers should be produced . He then read one of the omissions from a letter in his hand ; which one lord Castlereagh pointed out in the printed papers . But Mr. Paull insisted , that the tendency and bearing were different in the letters . Sir Arthur Wellesley had no objection to the production of the papers in question , on the part of marquis Wellesley . They would even be of advantage to his noble relation ; but his cause did not need their support ; and , therefore , he thought that those relating to the private conduct of the nabob ought to be suppressed , because it ought to be considered that he was a mussulman , and the publication might do him a great deal of injury in his own country . After a few words from Mr. Wallace , the motion was put and carried.—Sir John Sinclair called the attention of the house to the subject of the state of the highways and broad-wheeled waggons . He was of opinion , from the statements of an ingenious mechanic , and other circumstances , that various improvements might be made in this respect . He would , therefore , move for a committee , to consider the acts relative to the highways and broad-wheeled waggons , with a view to form proper regulations on this point , and report to the house . Mr. Curwen seconded the motion , and a committee was accordingly appointed . gave notice that , on the 10th of June , he would move the consideration of the Oude charge . The speaker observed , that it was his duty to say , that the 18th of June had already been appointed for that purpose ; and though an order might be postponed , it could not , according to the practice of the house , be accelerated . Mr. Paull said , that the house had not been brought into this dilemma by him . requested the speaker to read the question again : and , having heard it , said , that the thing was impossible : an order might be postponed , but not accelerated ; and he did not know what the hon . gent . meant . said that , as the 519 noble lord was not in the house , who moved the consideration of the charge on the 18th , he would propose , that the hon . gent . should , in the mean time ,