, who , from their situation in life , or other circumstances , might not be enabled to provide for themselves proper accmomodation . These , sir , were my sentiments ; and I still think that some such provision is necessary , in order to afford vaccine inoculation the benefit of an impartial , a prudent , and an effectual trial . Such a measure would be attended with this important advantage too , that the public themselves would more easily become witnesses of the greater efficacy of the vaccine inoculation , and consequently of its rapid and successful progress throughout the united kingdom . —Sir , it appears to me that the mode proposed by the noble lord is exceedingly eligible at this late period of the session , in so far as he wishes to combine the science of a learned body with the judgment and deliberation of a committee of the house of commons , and that nothing should be determined upon until both their reports have been conjoined and submitted to the consideration of the house . If this motion had been made however , at an earlier period of the session , I can not help thinking that , in a matter of this sort ( which is a matter of fact , and not a question of science ) , there could not be a better mode of procedure than that which has been suggested by my hon . friend near me . Even those the best acquainted with the matter under discussion can not pretend to give an accurate description of the real sources from which the existing prejudices have arisen , or the causes from which its want of cultivation and encouragement have originated . The subject in which the public are most materially interested , and the fact which remains to be more clearly ascertained is , whether this discovery , which has been made by Dr. Jenner is , in the mode in which it is now practised , of such a sort as to afford us a reasonable security against the ravages of that more dreadful disorder which it is intended to prevent.— This , sir , appears to me to be a subject of consideration so distinct from that of a scientific nature , that it is one which any number of reasonable and thinking men , affording their time to it , are as capable of laying distinctly and clearly before the public , as the most learned body that ever existed could do . 893 —As my noble friend , however , does not , by his proposed plan , preclude a combination of all the advantages resulting from science and learning , and experience , I can not object to it , although I may think it capable of some improvement.—From the understanding I have of the matter , I think , that the peculiar disadvantages under which this valuable discovery has laboured in this country , and the causes which have retarded its progress here more than in other parts of Europe , have been in a great measure . owing to the manner in which the operation of introducing the vaccine matter has been performed . While in other countries , the practice has been solely confined to scientific persons , it has been rendered here so exceedingly plain to every understanding , that all persons have been enabled to put it into execution . In this country it has been found that scarcely any one of the profession is called to practice it . To this indiscriminate use , therefore , I am inclined to attribute its failure in success in those cases which have been urged by its enemies as arguments against its introduction . In those countries where it has been entirely confined to medical persons , it has been ascertained , that no such exceptions to its success have ever been started ; for as I have been informed no such cases of failure have ever happened amongst them . The improvement , or rather addition , which I am inclined to suggest to the noble lord 's