time when , the right hon . secretary had thought proper to bring forward this Resolution . It was wholly uncalled for by any part of the country , and introduced seemingly for no other purpose , than to shew that he had the power to carry his point . The house had certainly expressed sentiments inimical to the trade , and favourable to its abolition ; which , however , it had never thought proper to follow up by any , efficient measure . But the former resolutions were brought forward in periods of profound peace , when they were not pregnant with any such danger as at present , when the country was involved in an arduous war , and plunged in a situation more critical than at any former period of its history . Why the right hon gent . should have chosen such a moment for bringing forward the motion , was to him most astonishing , nor could he account for it upon any other principle than that of gratifying , for certain political purpose , the inclinations of an hon . member below him ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who was so extremely zealots , upon this subject , that he never could hear the Slave Trade mentioned without starting as it he saw a ghost , and exclaiming abolition ! abolition ! It was therefore most probable , that the right hon . gent . had in view to cultivate a new coalition in that house for the remainder of the session . He was aware , that in the course of the former . investigations which took place upon this subject , a most voluminous body of evidence had been laid before parliament . Much of that evidence was in favour , and much against the abolition ; and whatever was the resolution , at that time adopted , it did not appear that parliament had since thought it wise to follow it up ; but before the house should proceed to adopt the resolution now proposed , he felt it his duty to call their attention to tine situation of Li- 587 verpool—a town which , from a miserable fishing hamlet of about 150 huts , had within a century risen to be the second town , . in point of commercial wealth and consequence , in the British dominions , entirely by the African trade . He begged to impress on the recollection of the house what the situation of Liverpool was when the right hon . gent . and his colleagues came into power . It was eminent for the prosperity of its commerce , its wealth , its loyalty ; for the important aid it furnished to the British marine , by affording at all times a numerous supply of seamen , through its African and West Indian trade . It was equally distinguished for its spirit in fitting out private ships of war , and by contributing annually three millions sterling in revenue to the public purse . But what measures of advantage had Liverpool experienced since the present ministers came into power ? Why , the Restriction bill upon the African trade , by which the enterprising spirit of its merchants was paralysed , their trade diminished , the value of their shipping considerably reduced , and disputes existed between them and the planters . But if the mercantile interests of the country were to be thus crushed ; if that commerce , which yielded so great a portion of the public revenue , was to be impoverished ; what must be the natural consequence ? But one of two alternatives ; either the minister must resort to the landed interest entirely , for the supplies necessary to carry on the war , or he must be driven to an ignominious peace . If the right hon . gent . seriously meant to proceed with the proposed measure , he could only say , that his constituents would feel themselves justified in coming forward in the most respectful manner , to solicit from parliament that to which they would conceive themselves justly entiled ; namely ,