and extensively injured by it . The next interest that would sutler in consequence of it was , the British manufactures , particularly linens and cottons , which would be superseded and supplanted by German linens and East-India goods . A letter which had , some time since , been received from Admiral Cochrane , had informed , that the islands were inundated with East-India goods and German linens , which were sold cheaper than the British articles of those kinds , and were a serious injury to the country . it might , perhaps , be said , that British ships would also contribute their part to inundate the islands with East-India goods ; but that was not in their power ; for , if they attempted it , such goods would be taken by Ships of war and cruisers , stationed among the different islands ; or , if they escaped those , they would be seizable at the different custom-houses as contraband . He was well assured , that all the East-India goods , carried into the islands , were by American Ships ; and that the islands were become a grand mart for those goods . The next interest that would be affected , and that very materially too , was the Irish provision trade ; for it was very well known , that the Americans furnished beef and pork much cheaper than the Irish can do ; and therefore that article ought to be restrained , instead of being , as it would be by this bill , very considerably enlarged , If the restric 342 tions be left to our governors , on their responsibility , they will never suffer the Americans to come in farther than necessity , absolute and imperious necessity , may require ; but , if you take off that responsibility , there will be nothing to prevent them doing it to any extent . This , he said , was certainly the worst-chosen moment , for adopting any relaxation of our Navigation laws , that could be selected . He had heard it urged , that systems adopted 150 years ago ought to be departed from , and that they should be altered as the circumstances of the times , and the situations of different countries varied . He did not say , that systems thrilled 150 years ago , ought to be always obstinately and pertinaciously adhered to ; but they should not be materially broken in upon , or altered , but after most mature and Serious consideration . These were the considerations which induced him to wish the matter to be referred to a committee above-stairs ; and he asked the noble lord , whether , after the case he had made out , he would pass such a bill as this , without giving the parties leave to be heard He hoped , therefore , he would agree to a committee , which would only occasion a delay of four or five days , and he would pledge himself to attend and expedite the business as much as possible . could not accede to the proposition of the right hon . gent . He saw no reason for appointing a committee up-stairs , to enquire into the facts stated in the preamble , which could not be disputed . For observed , that there was but a small part of the right hon . gentleman 's speech of which it was necessary to take any notice . The right hon . gent . had said , that this was not a matter of right that could be claimed by the Americans on the principle of the law of nations . He most completely concurred with him in that point ; and , in all the discussions that had taken place with the Americans on the subject of trade , he never heard such a monstrous and extravagant claim stated , or even hinted at . Now , as to the bill itself , the right hon gent . had said , that he ( Mr. Fox ) was not informed upon this subject . As