, whenever the great question of abolition conies to be considered , and when the measure itself shall be proposed , that the merits of the trade itself , and every thins , connected with it , will be fully enquired into ; that the interests of the merchants concerned in this trade will he duly weighed and considered , and that nothing may be done to the prejudice of the country . I hope it will be judged how far the system is injurious to our interests ; how far it is repugnant to the feelings of the British people , and the freedom of the happy constitution , under which they live . I give my warmest support to the measure now before the house , because I think it will tend to diminish that shocking traffic in human blood which has lasted for so many ages , and which has spread misery and desolation in every place where it has been carried on . began by answering the arguments of those who objected to the bill on the ground of its injuring our export trade ; and said that when the advantages of traffic and commerce were opposed to the horrors of peculation and murder , he had no hesitation in deciding his judgment . His lordship said that this bill had been represented as abolition in disguise . Were tins true , he should be glad indeed , not of the disguise , but of the abolition . It would be an event most grateful to his feelings to witness the abolition of a traffic that was s an outrage to humanity , and that trampled on the rights of mankind . But he could see no reason for disguise , on such a subject . He had heard of fraud in disguise , of injustice and oppression in disguise ; but justice and humanity required no disguise . Those who felt those virtues , would be also proud to acknowledge them . It had been argued , that if we laid down the trade , others were ready to take it up . This , however , was a mode of reasoning that would not stand the test of examination . Were we to act unjustly in order to prevent others from doing so ? Let us clear ourselves of the 233 guilt , and if they thought proper to take it up , let the guilt be upon their heads . To the cause of humanity let . them be answerable for the consequences . But this reasoning was unjust in another respect . Did not the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) see , that if we gave up the trade , it was not possible for any other state . without our permission to take it up ? Did we not ride every where unrivalled on the ocean ? Could any power pretend to engross this trade , while we commanded from the shores of Africa to the western extremities of the Atlantic ? America had been represented as likely to succeed us in the trade ; but were not noble lords aware , that there was a majority of the united states decidedly hostile to this traffic ? The whole of the states , indeed , were professedly more or less , against the trade , except Carolina ; and in such circumstances little vigour was to be expected in a trade so contrary to the principles and feelings of the majority of that people . The noble lord then adverted to the arguments that had been employed , derived from our contraband trade With the Spanish Continent , which was not covered or protected , as bad been pretended , by the importation of slaves . Our supply of the enemy 's colonies would only enable theta the more to rival us in colonial produce . The narrowing of this trade , or even its abolition , would not shut us out of Africa . We might visit there in another shape , and not as robbers and pirates , carrying off the helpless inhabitants . If they were