it did obtain , and what were the penalties on the counties . The deficiencies in the militia were 16,939 men , and in the army of reserve 8,975 men . Altogether , then , the bill before the 1st of Oct. 1805 , ought to have produced 25,914 men . The parishes did produce somewhat above 4000 men , and incurred penalties to the amount of 450,605l . Now , here he in- 13 cluded the numbers raised by the military men , though the noble lord had taken the numbers in Scotland and Ireland , whereas this bill went only to repeal the act in England . But he heard from the noble lord , that the time had at length arrived when the parish officers would be instructed , when the inspectors would relieve the country gentlemen , and when the whole operose machinery of this act would be put in motion . He solicited the house therefore , to attend prospectively to the effects which this act was likely to produce , and in what situation it would leave the country at the end of autumn . Looking then at casualties , vacancies in the militia , & c. the total number of men which the act ought to produce on the 1st of Oct. 1806 , was 27,132 men . Now , take it at its most productive rate , which was . 170 men per week , the number which it would produce was 4,930 men , which would leave a deficiency of 22,202 men , and causing penalties to the amount of 515,000l . Was this a tax that was to be allowed by the house ? If such was its principle , if such its provisions , and if this was the way in which it was to be regarded , was it not a boon to the country to have this act repealed ? Was not the repeal of it a duty which his rt . hon . friend owed to the country ? But , there was another consideration which called for the repeal of this act ; and that was , the quality of the troops which it produced ; examples of which would he found by recurring to the papers on the table . What would the house think of the quality of the troops when out of 11 453 , or thereabouts , 2,116 had deserted ? And this too , arising from an act supported by those who objected to the plan of his rt . hon . friend on grounds which , in their Opinion , bore some resemblance to this . But let us look at the means by which these men were raised . Were they raised by the act ? Certainly not : for it had totally failed . But the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) said that the unwillingness of the parish officers was now removed . The inspectors , however , according to the papers on the table , seemed to have found these officers strangely unwilling . But this unwillingness appeared , by some , to be considered as a fault , and a desire to avoid a duty . Now , if a person as he was on his way to that house , were to come to him and ask him to go along with him to erect or finish a fortification , he would consider it as not a little hard , if he was to be told that he had not done his duty , because he refused to go and abandon that duty which was more particularly confined to his charge . So the 14 parish officers had duties to perform , totally distinct from those imposed on them by this act , and in some measure incompatible with them ; and therefore their unwillingness was not matter of much surprise . But who objected to the plan of his rt . hon . friend on the ground of its making this country too military ? Why , the very persons who supported this act which went to put those in a military capacity