might as little depend on a mere increase in the numerical force of our navy , as that increase might determine the comparative merits of the different naval administrations , under which increase should arise.—With regard to the propriety of building king 's ships in merchants ' yards , for himself , he should say , that not having yet had sufficient time for an enquiry upon that subject , he should not pledge himself to any system . as to lord St. Vincent , he had no hesition in stating , that his conduct was perfectly justifiable ; for that noble lord entertained an opinion , upon coming into office , that to build in merchants ' yards would be adviseable ; but this opinion was changed by the representations of the navy board . For the grounds of that representation , the noble viscount referred to the facts , quoted by his hon . friend , particularly respecting the Ajax , Achilles , a Lion . The noble viscount went into calculation , to shew , that although the number of shipwrights employed in t king 's yards amounted to 2581 , while those in the merchants ' yards amounted to bu 4961 , yet the work done by the latter exceeded the former , in the proportion of 3 to 1 . Indeed , Mr. Wells , an eminenship-builder , had stated , in a letter to ear St. Vincent , that , in his own yard only more work by 8000 tons was done in one 201 year than in three of the king 's yards . Such an inequality could proceed only from the want of some such efficient regulations as it was the great object and endeavour of lord St. Vincent to introduce , and for attempting to introduce which , the noble person had incurred so much abuse . But such abuse could have no other effect upon that noble lord , than to raise him still higher in the opinion of those whose opinion was of any value ; he meant all the honest , thinking part of the country . That the king 's yards , under proper arrangements , were capable of doing more for the navy , than had been hitherto effected , he had little doubt ; and that any reference to the merchants ' yards should be avoided , unless where the necessity was pressing , seemed to be the general sentiment among them who were capable of judging upon the subject . But whatever might be the sentiments as to this point , it was , at all events , a mere matter of opinion ; and surely that which was but a matter of opinion could not be alledged against lord St. Vincent as the ground of a criminal charge . —Here the noble viscount entered that part of the subject which related to the building in merchants ' yards , and proceeded to discuss the hon . mover 's allusion to the stock of timber in the king 's yards , the limited amount of which , the hon . mover seemed to attribute altogether to the misconduct of lord St. Vincent . Now t happened that the supply of the article sted entirely with the navy hoard . An der had been made in 1785 , that a return should he annually made to the board of admiralty , of the state of the timber in the dock-yards , in order that care should be taken always to keep up a sufficient stock for 3 years ' consumption . Since the year 1795 , this order had been dispensed with ; in consequence of which , when lord St. Vincent came into office , he had no opportunity of knowing the quantity of timber in the dock-yards . That article was , no doubt , rather limited , but not more so than during the latter years of lord Spencer 's administration . But the limitation in both cases proceeded from the same cause , namely , an order of lord Spencer 's , that the timber taken into the dock-yards should be