an opportunity to gentle- 1249 men of landed property , not chusing to enter into the regular military profession , of evincing their zeal and spirit , and of obtaining that degree of military knowledge which would render them essentially useful in a crisis of public danger . There was not the slightest intention on the part of his majesty 's ministers to give a blow or offer any insult to the militia ; nor could he conceive how this bill could be so construed . He denied that there was any breach of faith : all that had formerly been declared by parliament was , that the officers of the militia should receive the same pay as the officers of the line , that is to say , the pay which the latter then received ; but it never could be contended , that from thence a principle was to arise , that the pay of the officers of the line was never to be augmented without , at the same time , augmenting , to an equal amount , the pay of the officers of the militia . It should be recollected that the officers of the line made the military profession the business of their lives , and were liable to many duties of service to which militia officers were not ; the latter besides , might pursue other avocations , at the same time continuing the exercise of their duties as military officers . He could not , therefore , conceive in what way the bill could operate as a hardship upon the latter . objected that the bill was inconsistent with itself , inasmuch as it merely professed in its title to be a bill for regulating the pay of militia officers in England and Scotland , whilst in the body of the bill there were enactments applying to the yeomanry and volunteers of Ireland . observed , that a trifling amendment would obviate the inconsistency of Which the noble and learned lord , complained . He professed himself a warm friend to the militia , and , coinciding completely with the arguments urged by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) , he could not conceive in what way the bill could be considered as offering any insult to that valuable part of our military force . He thought the lamentation of the noble earl ( Westmorland ) , that he had missed an opportunity of debating the bill for regulating the rank of volunteer officers , was needless , as every part of the plans of ministers as embodied in the different measures brought up to that house had been most amply discussed by noble lords on the other side , who had scarcely omitted any opportunity of attacking them . With respect to that 1250 bill , however , he would observe , that not only no offence was intended to the volunteers , but he was convinced that no offence could be taken by the volunteer officers , as they must feel that , from want of experience in actual service , they were not competent to take the command of field officers of the line and of large bodies of troops in the event of their being actually called out for the defence of the country . likewise defended the bill , on grounds similar to those urged by lord Grenville and the earl of Moira . objected to the bill , on the ground of the increase of pay not being extended to captains in militia , many of whom , he said , from having been appointed without the qualification previously required , stood as much in need of an increase as any of the others to whom it had been extended . thought , if the not extending the increase to captains had the effect of bringing back the militia in that respect , to its former principle , that of only having captains possessed of the landed qualification before required , it would produce a good effect . He defended the bill on the grounds before urged , and as to the rank of volunteer officers