the public annually , by enabling the lords of the treasury to pay off quarterly a certain portion of outstanding exchequer bills , and thereby saving to the public the interest that must grow thereon by longer outstanding , as is usual , while considerable balances were remaining in the treasury . This proposition was to perpetuate the taxes on malt , land , sugar , and pensions , which at present were voted annually , and estimated each year to produce about 2,750,000l . ; the produce of these , instead of standing on a distinct account , he proposed should be carried to the consolidated fund ; and in lieu thereof , he should propose , that three millions a year should be granted out of the consolidated fund to his majesty , for the purposes to which those taxes were appropriated . He apologised to the house for bringing forward these propositions himself , as wanting that weight and consideration which could give them authority ; but he had previously submitted them to the noble lord opposite to him ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) , and had the good fortune to meet his approbation ; besides , he thought it the duty of every member of that house to suggest to his majesty 's ministers , and to parliament , every project which he conceived to be for the public advantage , and of utility to the state . The hon . gent . then moved—1 . `` That an account of the total receipt at the exchequer , whether from ordinary or extraordinary resources , and of the total issues therefrom , be made up to , and closed on , the 5th Jan. in 1123 each year , to commence from the 5th Jan. 1808 ; and that such account be laid before this house within thirty days after the opening of any session of parliament which may take place subsequent to the said 5th day of January , 1808 , or of any succeeding year , and within thirty days after such 5th day of January , in case the session should be opened prior to that day . acknowledged that the hon . gent . had submitted to him the several resolutions contained in his plan , previously to his proposing them to the house ; and they certainly had his approbation , because he conceived that a plan having for its object to make the accounts as clear and as intelligible to the house , and to the country at large , as possible , was extremely desirable ; for which , the mode proposed by the hon . gent . seemed to him well calculated ; and he should be glad to avail himself of the hon . gent . 's suggestions for carrying it into effect . Seeing no manner of objection at present to the adoption of this resolution , it should certainly have his concurrence.—The resolution was then put and carried . then moved—2 . `` That whatever sum shall remain in the receipt of the exchequer on the said 5th of Jan. 1808 , being part of the grants for the service of the year 1807 , and also the balances in the hands of the Treasurer of the navy , the paymaster of the forces , and the treasurer of the ordnance , being also part of the said grants , respectively , be considered as a surplus of the grants of the said year , applicable to the service of the year 1808 , and so on for each succeeding year . '' 3 . That it should , nevertheless , be in the power of the lords commissioners of the treasury , to direct all such balances , either remaining in the exchequer , or in the hands of the treasurers and paymaster aforesaid , to be used and applied , at any time subsequent to the said 5th of Jan. of the year 1808 , or of any succeeding year , in continuance of the services for which they were originally granted , without any further vote of this house .