West India colonies . He has stated that no articles of any kind but lumber and provisions are imported from America to those colonies ; but I understand that , in point of fact , other articles , such as soap , candles , leather , and other manufactured articles , do find their way from America into the West Indies ; and if so , if they do now find their way before the passing of this bill , they will afterwards find their way still more , for this bill , whatever prohibitions you may insert in it , will obviously facilitate the intercourse ; the trading , in the first instance , will be general , and you will be left to take care of your exceptions in each particular instance . Thus you will be giving to America a very great boon , not only to the extent which you admit , but much beyond it ; it will be impossible to prevent many things front being done under colour of this act which can not be done at present : and if you do in fact give such a boon , it is idle 726 to pretend ignorance or indifference about it : either you mean it , or you do not ; if not , why pass the bill at all ? our colonies can get what they watt without it . If you intend to gratify America , how does she receive it ? as a favour for which she is thankful or as a concession which she claims ? —It is notorious that there are points of great delicacy in discussion with America . I do not wish to give or to ask ally opinion upon them ; but I must ask the rt . hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) whether he is already so weary of the approbation and applause which he received for his conduct in the dispute with Prussia , that he can not persuade himself to act in the same spirit towards America ? I know he will tell me that this act has no direct reference to America , that America is no party to it . But however that may be , it is no less true , that considerable advantages are afforded by it to America , and that by this measure you may embarrass yourselves in the consideration of any treaty you may have to enter into with that country . Suppose you should hereafter wish to repeal this bill at a time when America might be again , as she is now , in a state of ferment with regard to this country , would not they think the repeal of a law so beneficial to their commerce a measure so injurious , that the continuance of it may perhaps be made the price at which the friendship of America is to be purchased ? and they will not be without arguments to sustain their claim : `` Was not the law necessary to your own convenience , they may say , and founded on the experience of 13 or 14 years before it was adopted ? Did you not upon deliberation adopt it as a measure of state policy ? Did not we receive it as a measure of conciliation ? Why , when the same reasons are still in force , should it be discontinued , unless as an indication of hostility to us ? '' Such may be at some future and perhaps no distant time the language of America . Do I therefore say that all concession is in its nature necessarily bad ? No , I do not ; but I do say , that concession may be good or bad according to the circumstances of the time in which it is made ; and I do further say , that a worse moment for this country to make any concession to America could not be chosen . What greater sacrifices could any country , friend or foe , expect from you than this which you are now about to make to America ? Has France