for them , ( which he ( Mr. Grant ) did not admit , ) there was , at least , great financial expediency ; there was no just object for carrying on the war ; every thing was against it ; and , therefore , the sooner it a as terminated , consistently with our credit , which these treaties have preserved , the better.—As to the severe censures which the same hon . gent. ( Mr . Francis ) states the court to have passed on sir G. Barlow , they were confined to an expression of the court 's great surprise , that the members of the board should have submitted to a virtual exclusion from their official functions , by the assumptions of the governor-general ; but as to sudden change in the conduct of sir G. Barlow , with regard to the line of policy he had acquiesced in under lord Wellesley 's government , it was not to be ascribed to a mean compliance , but to his sense of duty , on learning what he had not distinctly understood before , the positive determination of the authorities at home to change the system of foreign policy which lord Wellesley had followed . Sir G. Barlow had conducted himself , in the late negociations consequent of the views entertained at home , with great vigour and ability ; his general merits were acknowledged , even by administration ; and he was in high esteem with the Company , although they had not , on account of his acquiescence in the measures of lord Wellesley , at first nominated him provisional successor to lord Cornwallis ; and , indeed , although they had been strangely censured for sending out that nobleman in a dying state , Mr. Grant solemnly declared , that he had no idea of his being in ill health when he went out ; otherwise , neither he , nor any one who 1163 loved that most amiable man , would have contributed to his going out . But , in fact . sir G. Barlow , by standing next to lore Cornwallis , had all the benefit , and so bad the service , of a provisional appointment , saving only the exercise of the extraordinary powers of governor-general at the presidency , which was not likely to be of any importance.—As to the question , that had lately been very warmly agitated , concerning the removal of sir G. Barlow , and the appointment of a successor to him , Mr. G. said , he should , for different reasons , then abstain from entering into it . It had already taken a determinate shape . The body with which he was connected , had followed a line concerning it , in forbearing to bring it before that house , which he should acquiesce in ; and he himself , who had , in the earlier proceedings , been , as chairman , party concerned , had , he Understood , been misrepresented in some things , though he did not know by whom , nor , exactly , in what terms ; but , he had endeavoured to bring what had been whispered into light ; to bring it into a tangible shape , in order to its refutation ; of which he was most confident ; for , he solemnly declared that , in the whole , of the transaction alluded to , as far as he was concerned , he had acted uprightly and conscientiously , as his friend ( Mr. Smith ) the deputy-chairman , than whom a more honourable man did not exist , had also done ; and they were most anxious for an opportunity of vindicating themselves ; and should be obliged to any gentleman in that house , or out of it , to aid them , in bringing any thing alleged against their conduct into light . in reply to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Grant ) , and observer , that he knew not how fur the speeches and statement of the hon . ex-chairman had tended to