the government should have the power of recall . I therefore think myself now warranted to appeal to the recollection of every noble lord who remembers the circumstances under which the act of 1784 was passed , whether I have not stated fairly the intentions of the legislature at the time of its passing . I know that as to the merits of the two different bills , there must be a great variety of opinions , and every person must be subject to some particular bias . The noble lord ( Minto ) may , probably , be more attached to the principles of the bill of 1783 , or Mr. Fox 's bill , as it is usually called . On the other hand , I may appeal to another noble lord ( Grenville ) whose opinion I may bring forward as a balance in point of authority , and whose bias I must suppose to be in favour of the bill of 1784 , from the part he took upon that occasion . He must know the spirit in which that bill was passed , and whether it would not be contrary to the spirit and meaning of that bill , that any clause of it should be construed as giving the patronage of India to his majesty 's ministers , whenever they should be pleased to insist upon this power of recalling , at their pleasure , those who had been appointed by the Company . It would be contrary to the spirit and to the obvious meaning of the law , if the power of recall should be exercised merely for the purpose of enforcing the appointment of the person whom his majesty 's ministers wished to be the governor-general of India . The power that the crown possessed would be grossly abused , if it were applied to any other purpose than what was intended by the law , to the negativing of an appointment made in favour of an improper person . If this be the only fair , rational , and true construction of the act under which India has been governed for the last 22 years , then it is incumbent on his majesty 's ministers to shew some cause , why they advised his majesty to recall the person whom they had originally recommended to be appointed as governor-general . For the whole period of 22 years , since this act was passed , there was no instance of his majesty 's ministers having exercised this power , and they should be aware that the Most pernicious consequences might result 952 from an indiscreet exercise of it . The situation of India now was delicate in the extreme . The negociations which were pending with the native powers , and the retrenchments which were to be carried on , required a government armed with the usual powers and confidence . If then , at such a time , this power of recall was exercised altogether without reason , and apparently with no other view than patronage , it was enough to irritate the Court of Directors . If , then , the Court of Directors were irritated by such conduct ( and it was known , that whim and ill-humour had often influence on the determination , of public bodies ) ; if they supposed that this power of recall was exercised capriciously and wantonly , they could find from the words of the law sufficient means of resisting any appointment that his majesty 's ministers might wish to make . I have already stated to your lordships the situation in which India was placed at the death of marquis Cornwallis , and at the time sir G. Barlow succeeded to the government ; and also that the first act of his majesty 's ministers upon that occasion was to recommend to the Court of Directors the extending the power of sir G. Barlow . On this recommendation there was great joy in Leadenhall-street ; for never was there an individual in the service of the Company , whose-conduct had received more marked approbation than that of sir G. Barlow