in the increased share of the carrying trade other nations will for the time enjoy in our intercourse with them respectively , as authorized by the navigation act itself . But so far from encouraging imaginary cases of exigency , we ought to recollect that some degree of pressure is the first and most active principle of encouragement to the augmentation of our ships and sea . 984 men , upon where concurrent growth with our general trade must ultimately depend the station we are to occupy in the scale of nations.—I can not omit also observing that the continuance of this system of taking our supplies from America without affording to the produce of our North American colonies the protection even of duties , most not only operate to repress their growth and improvement , but must rapidly tend to make our West India islands permanently dependant for these important articles on the government of the United States . In the absence of all discriminating duties , such as our commercial policy has always led to the adoption of at home , between British and foreign produce , the local situation of the United States must give the Americans great advantages in the market of the West Indies over our more northern follow-Subjects , and we accordingly find whilst the British American provinces were rapidly advancing to a state that would have enabled them to supply our islands with most of the articles of which they stand in need , yet , from want of due encouragement , the quantity actually imported from thence since 1792 has latterly diminished not less than two-thirds . Such is the extent and nature of the measure which we are now called upon to pass without inquiry , in this most exceptionable shape . It goes materially to affect the interests of the Ship-owners throughout the empire , of the British continental colonists , of the fisheries of the empire—of Ireland , as largely dependant on the provision trade—of various classes of British manufacturers , and of the East India company , all of whom begin seriously to feel the destructive effects of the smuggling competition which , grows out of this intercourse , as against them in the West India Islands . Yet although the utmost alarm has been expressed by the parties interested , and they have come forward to the house with petitions desiring to be heard , and prepared to disprove the main facts upon which the expediency of the bill has been maintained , they have been refused , contrary to all precedent , even a committee above stairs ; . though my rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) pledged himself that four days Would suffice for bringing forward all the material information , and that the progress of the bill need not be thereby delayed . The Petitioners under 985 these circumstances thought it in vain to appear by counsel at the bar , if they were denied the opportunity of previously establishing their case by evidence ; and they have now to complain , in addition to the injurious effects of the measure itself upon their fortunes , of a very different reception from that which persons of their weight and respectability have ever been formerly accustomed to receive from this house . I have little further to add to what I have already stated . I can not , however , conclude without saying , that any objections to the measure now under consideration are much increased , and indeed my apprehensions augmented , when I advert not only to the time , but to the circumstances under which it has been brought forward : the proposing to parliament so idle and so nugatory a measure as this indisputably is , if its proposers truly describe it at a moment when we have a point of such great importance to settle with America , does appear to me , to say the least of it , a great oversight . But I can not forget that this bill , or one of similar import , first made its appearance in another house