house should not be led into any delusion on these subjects . It was not the preferable security , but the greater interest to be obtained in Ireland , which conveyed to it a considerable 45 portion of the capital of this country : and a bill to equalize the interest , in which the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) was very active , had some years ago been rejected , for these reasons , by the parliament of Ireland . The rt . hon . gent . also recommended to raise a great part of the Supplies within the year ; but he had made the experiment himself , and the produce of his own taxes gave no encouragement to such a proceeding . If he thought it did , why did he not do so himself in the last year ? He had also said , that it was an unprecedented thing to leave the Treasury Board of Ireland without one shilling of unfunded debt , any Exchequer bills , or any salaries unpaid . This was rather strange , as , when he succeeded him ( Mr. Corry ) in office , he found the Treasury in exactly the same situation ; and one of his first measures was to revive 800,000l . of Exchequer bills which he ( Mr. Corry ) had paid off . The rt . hon . gent complained of too much circulation of paper , but his Bill of last year had inundated Ireland with paper currency . It made very little difference whether the Loan was made in England or Ireland , as the stock must come to the Irish market at any rate , and the stockholder in England receive his interest from Ireland . It was also an error to say , that the Collectors ' balances were 200,000l . when in fact , they were no more than 41,000l . He then said , that he was willing to confine himself to these statements for the present , but should enter more at large into the subject if he should ever hear Mr. Foster repeat any similar expressions . replied , that he did not , when in office , propose to equalise the coin or the interest of money , because the circumstances of the moment rendered it impracticable , there being very little gold or silver in the country . said that both the rt . hon . gent . who had spoken last having introduced the question of the propriety of providing so great a proportion of the supplies of the year by loan , he would take this opportunity of stating his decided objections to that system . He did not by any means intend to complain of the plan which had been proposed for this year by the rt . hon . bart . because he considered his appointment to office at so recent a period did not afford him an opportunity to depart from this system , even if he felt similar objections to it , as he did , or that it would be prudent in him to depart hastily from a system that had so long been acted upon . He said the objections he entertain- 46 ed arose from finding that in 1792 , the expenditure of Ireland was only 1,735,000l . and in 1805 , 8,713,000l.—that in 1792 , the debt of Ireland was 2,422,000l . and in 1805 , 58,344,000l.—The revenue of Ireland in the year 1792 , was 1,103,000l . and in 1805 , 3,364,000l . He said that this disparity between the revenue and expenditure was truly alarming ; that we were expending at the rate of 9 millions per ann . with a revenue of 3 millions ; the whole of which , a few thousand pounds only excepted , was mortgaged for the payment of the interest on the debt . But this was not the only evil , because this great disparity existed notwithstanding new taxes had been annually imposed . The revenue of the last year exceeded the revenue of 1802 by only 50,000l . notwithstanding