the subject forward ; but it would be for the house to decide how far it would be desirable to adopt his course of proceeding.—Before they should come to a decision on the question for the Speaker leaving the chair , they ought to consider what was the situation of lord Wellesley . The charge had been impending over him during the whole of this session , and the business was brought forward at the chosen time and pleasure , as every accusation indeed must be , of the accuser , If the principle of the learned doctor Were to be admitted , no decision could be had upon any part of complicated charges , embracing the whole policy of an extended administration , until the whole could be taken into consideration . So that the business might 928 be continued year after year , session after session , parliament after parliament , and the tune of trial or acquittal , would never arrive , whilst the accuser could produce any supplementary evidence or document to support his charge . If no decision was to take place , the noble marquis ought not to have been called on for his defence . The learned gentlemen had kept back his doctrine too long . It was now too late to require to stay the proceeding till other evidence can be procured . The learned gent . might have thought that a peculiar species of knowledge was necessary to judge of Indian questions , and that he possessed that peculiar qualification ; but by his cross-examination of major Ousely , a gentleman much better informed on the subject , the learned gent . appeared wholly ignorant with regard to the intoxicating drugs of India , and their effects . He believed the learned gent . to be in no degree better acquainted with Indian justice . The noble lord on the other side had not fairly quoted the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) , the cause of whose absence he personally lamented as much as any man . He had clearly understood that right hon . gent . to have said , that the duties of his office prevented him from paying that attention to the question he could wish , but that , in his opinion , it would be a great and crying hardship on lord Wellesley , if the present session were to elapse without a decision on the charge . The only circumstance that could induce him to consent to put off the decision for a reasonable time , would be a prospect held out of the advantage of the presence of that right hon . gent . on some early day . He thought the house bound in justice to the noble marquis , to take the first practical time of considering the charge . He could neither agree with the learned gent . nor the noble lord , that an accuser , however founded or unfounded his charge might be , should have the power of procrastinating the vexation of a great and approved servant of the public , by multiplying and subdividing his charges , so that the sole reward of a life spent in the service of the public would be an anxious , uncertain , and interminable state or responsibility . explained . The altar on which he had taken his oath was , the altar of justice , an altar perhaps unknown to the hon . gentleman . said , the noble earl ( Temple ) , seemed to wish that some determination should be come to this night . He 929 had charged the hon . gent . who brought forward this business with slowness , but he believed the noble lord himself could with more propriety be charged with precipitancy , when he wished to bring this matter to a determination at such a late period of the sessions . It was his opinion , that if the noble marquis was acquitted under such circumstances , a stigma would remain for ever on his character.—He was ready to acknowledge , that it was extremely painful to the