He could not help observing , however , that the noble lord had talked of 450 millions unaccounted for , as if that sum had been lost to the public ; whereas , he ( Mr. Rose ) had stated , that different heads of those very services to the amount of 429 millions were unaccounted for , in which it was impossible for the public to have lost 100l . He disclaimed any intention to say any thing disrespectful of the manner in which the numerous clerks in the War-office performed the various duties allotted to them : all he meant to say was , that some considerable regulations ought to take place in that department . He concluded with assuring the noble lord , he should have his utmost support in making all possible disclosure of public accounts . —The motion was then put and carried . on rising to move for additional accounts on the subject , observed , that he was not conscious of having 364 spoken disrespectfully of his late predecessor ; but at the same time , he would never be prevented , by any feelings of false delicacy , from performing his duty to the public , in stating abuses which had existed during the administration of that right hon . gent . ; and he was certain , that were that great man now alive , he would not have wished him to abstain from any of the statements which he had made . He then moved for a variety of lists of accounts not yet delivered by accountants , nor proceeded upon in the office of the commissioners of audit ; which were ordered accordingly . Earl Temple moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Tortola Free-Port bill ; on which , briefly adverted to the disadvantages which , he conceived , would result from it , and entreated that the noble lord would consider it in every point of view , before he pressed it through the house . said , that such a measure had been more than once under consideration , but had been rejected on examination ; and he conceived that the board of trade had undertaken the business through the solicitations of certain interested persons , without being aware of the consequences . He therefore would oppose the third reading . did not think it decent to press this measure on the house , without a single argument being made use of by the ministers in support of it . The learned gent . then repeated several of the arguments he had before urged against the bill . It would be impossible , he said , that the island of Tortola could ever be in the same situation as the island of St. Thomas ; the latter being in the possession of a neutral power , and having a privilege of trading all over the world ; neither of which advantages Tortola could have by virtue of this bill . He then adverted to the difficulty that would arise , from the signature of the officer in the island of Tortola not being known in all the different ports of England and Ireland ; and concluded by calling on the ministers , not to suffer the bill to pass without breaking through the silent dignity they had maintained in all the stages , and , at least , stating what grounds they had for bringing forward the measure.—No answer being made to this demand , the question was put , and the house divided ; when there appeared , for the third reading , 35 ; against it , 12 ; majority , 23 . The house met , pursuant to adjournment . Strangers were excluded , and continued so till nine o'clock ; during which , we understand , their lordships were considering , in committee of the whole house , the evideuce adduced on the trial of lord viscount Melville . A petition was presented by Mr. Alexander , from the merchants of Glasgow , against the bill now pending , for withholding the Drawback on foreign Linens exported