, in that case , feel a confidence in his own powers , and by a luminous and perspicuous arrangement of the subject he had to state , arrest and engage the attention of the committee ; but as he was not possessed of those powers , he could only promise to lay before the committee , in simple and unadorned language , the Supplies and Ways and Means for the service of Ireland for the present year . Although in some respect he could not congratulate the committee on the state of Ireland , yet he was bound to attribute the deficiency which existed in the revenue of that country to the want of arrangement which prevailed in the collection of its revenues . It must be the wish , as it certainly was the duty , of the government of Ireland , to adopt as soon as possible the same excellent mode and plan for the collection of the revenues that existed in this country . He felt , however , greet satisfaction in stating , that in spite of many obstructions which the trade of Ireland had experienced , and still experienced , that country displayed powers of energy and resource which , under regular and proper management , must render it a source of strength , instead of tending , as he was afraid it did in some instances , to the weakness of the empire . The exports of Ireland amounted last year to above 5,200,000l . officil value , that is above 30,000l . more than the preceding year . The exports of linen had also increased last year . It was 5,500,000 yards and the Import of Flaxseed 1677 hogsheads . In fact , the Exports of Ireland were greater last year than any year since 1792 . Another proof of the increased state of the Exports of Ireland might be drawn from the state of the course of exchange , which without any extraneous assistance , had been lower , and more fixed , for the last four months than it had been for several years . But the terms of the Loan lately contracted in Ireland afforded a still stronger proof of the growing prosperity of that country , and of the increased confidence of the people in the Go- 36 vernment . It certainly was a most flattering circumstance that the Loan negotiated in Ireland should be on more favourable terms than the Loan negotiated in this country , and he believed that no Loan had been contracted on such favourable terms since the year 1790 . In the Loan agreed for in Ireland the 3½ per cent . stock was taken at 71l . 19s . and it was observable , that on the 19th of April , before the terms were sent over from this country , that stock was at 71l . and two days before the Loan was negotiated , that is on the last day that the stocks were open before the contract was made , they were at 71 ; so that in fact the Loan was taken at 19s . per cent . more than the market price of the stocks on that day ; and there was this further advantage , that the Loan being contracted in the 3½ per cents . there was not so much stock created as if it had been in the 3 per cents . He was sure that the committee would consider that as a good criterion of the growing prosperity of that country , and of confidence in the government . In making this Loan , it was singular that two lists should , without any previous communication whatever , contain exactly the same offer for the Loan . The third list being 4l . higher , the two parties who had offered the same terms agreed to take the Loan between them.—He would now proceed to state to the Committee the Supply for Ireland for the service of the present year . The joint Charge upon Ireland being two 17ths of the general expenditure of the Empire amounted in Irish money to 5,733,988l .