was , that finding there was a difficulty in finding persons worthy of trust , who could be prevailed on to go in this situation to the West Indies , he happened to know two persons whom he thought qualified , to whom he proposed it , and who objected to it . Had they done otherwise , it was surely natural , that he , knowing of these difficulties from persons with whom he was in daily council , should say . `` I know one or two persons whom I think duly qualified , and whom you may have , if you are not already provided with better . '' This could not surely be tortured into an attempt to procure patronage ; so far was it from being the case , that , after the bill was passed , if , in looking over the list of commissioners , the gentlemen should find the names of any person recommended by him , he would allow them to draw whatever inference they pleased from it . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) while he accused the present ministers of creating new offices , denied that the Board of Treasury , to which he belonged , had made any such creations , and boldly challenged an investigation of the fact . It was not his purpose at present to enter into that subject ; but he could not help observing , that the noble lord near him ( lord Castlereagh ) carefully abstained from making such a challenge , or holding out any such defiance , notwithstanding all the imputation with which he loaded his majesty 's present ministers ( observing lord Castlereagh at this time whispering to some member near him , he continued ) . The noble lord did well to address those about him , as he would find it much easier to convince them , than any other part of the house . The noble lord was too prudent to throw down the gauntlet with the same boldness that was done by the right hon . gent . for if he did , he assured him that he was ready to take it up , or , at least , that it would quickly be taken up by some of his own countrymen , now in the house , who would not scruple to affirm , that if not here , at least in one part of the united kingdom , new places were created , and compensations and sums of money were given in the way that the world called bribes , for purposes of patronage and of corruption . He would not , however , assert , that the consciousness of having done so himself , should prevent the noble lord , as a member of parliament , from arraigning the same practices here : but such an admonition from him should be pre- 667 ceded by repentance . Gentlemen opposite , however , did not , he thought , act a very seemly part in thus , upon every occasion , throwing every possible difficulty in the way of every inquiry proposed by the present ministers , though that was but following up with effect what was professed to be the design or their predecessors . said , that he and those with whom he acted , acknowledged the propriety of the object intended , but differed as to the mode of doing it . The plan was now to create , 19 auditors , instead of 11 , which was the number thought sufficient by the late minister ; and in the present pressure of the country , under such a load of taxation , they objected to such an expence , merely for the purpose of patronage . In respect to the attack made upon his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) by the right hon . secreting , he had to observe , that before the proceedings relating to the union with Ireland , which the right hon . secretary condemned so much at the commencement of the session , were arraigned , he would