this part of the subject without expressing my full conviction , that the present state of the navy requires the most serious consideration of this house , and of the country ; and however fortunate we have been in our unprecedented success and our many signal victories , the state of the navy calls for all the vigilance , energy , and industry of the noble lord who now fills the important office of first lord of the admiralty , and I conjure him to give it his most serious attention ; for even at this moment there is `` an urgent necessity for building as many ships as can be procured in every part of the kingdom ; '' as well as for the utmost exertion to repair our present navy.—Having thus entered into a long and I fear tedious detail of the measures and conduct of earl St. Vincent with respect to building ships ; having shewn the baneful effects of such measures ; and I trust , already justified the expression I used on a former day , that lord St. Vincent was , by a culpable neglect of the duties of the great and most important office , ( eventually , for it can not be supposed that I meant intentionally and with design , ) as great an enemy as this country ever had ; I must now beg the indulgence of the house for a short time longer , while I make a few observations on such parts of the papers as clearly demonstrate the disgraceful man- 171 ner in which his lordship neglected to perform another equally important part of his duty , the Repairs of the Fleet ; and which , I think , can not fail to convince every member of this house and the country , that the navy of Great Britain , under the management of earl St. Vincent , was fast approaching to destruction.—With a view of obtaining clear and precise information on this head , I called for a list of the Ships of the Line and Frigates paid off between 1st Oct. 1801 , ( when the preliminaries of peace were signed , ) and 8th March 1803 , the commencement of the present war ; shewing the nature of the repair each required , to be put into condition for permanent service . Also , a list of the Ships in Ordinary on the 1st Oct. 1801 ; stating in like manner the nature of the repair each required , to be put into condition for permanent service.—I likewise moved for a List of Ships of the Line and Frigates actually repaired , between the 1st Oct. 1801 , and 15th May 1804 , when earl St. Vincent quitted the admiralty ; shewing the time when each was completed ; . the nature of the repair each required when taken in hand , to be put into condition for permanent service ; and the nature of the repair actually given . Had his lordship been aware of the state and condition of the navy at the conclusion of the last war ; and to suppose him ignorant , would be to suppose him highly culpable ; his lordship must have known that in consequence of a long and harassing war , the situation of our navy , so far from justifying supineness and inactivity , called loudly upon the first lord of the admiralty for extraordinary , for unprecedented exertions and activity.—It appears , sir , by these accounts , that there were only 15 sail of the line in ordinary in Oct. 1801 , ( exclusive of such ships as were unfit to be repaired for sea-service , ) and that 10 of those 15 stood in need of repair , and the other 5 required either fitting for sea , or making good their defects ; and that between Oct. 1801 , and March 1803 , 114 sail of the line were paid off , two only of which were in good condition ; one other is expressed as fitting ; and another whose state and condition is uncertain . So that there