, men saw the advantages of such sacrifices . All the improvements in our agriculture , in our commerce , and in many other things , proceeded upon this principle . What distinguished the merchants of this country from others ? What distinguished our agriculture from others , but that enterprising spirit which taught them to sacrifice a present advantage for the hope of a greater future one ? The opinions of military officers had not so much weight with him in this case as in many others . An officer looking at his fine regiment , his grenadiers , with none under five feet ten in the front ranks , could not , perhaps , bear to think of parting with them , and this feeling would be stronger in proportion to his attachment to his profession . The same feeling , too , would be felt by a planter , when he saw the axe applied to some of the finest plants , though this was absolutely necessary for the benefit of the grove . If an instance might be taken from agriculture , he might mention that of the turnip husbandry , which , though introduced at the beginning of the last century , had made very slow progress , and even as yet was by no means general , because it involved a sacrifice on the part of the owner . The advantages , however , were ten-fold greater than the sacrifice . First feelings , therefore , on this subject were nothing . What had prevented the rapid progress of this husbandry , and many other improvements , was the vulgar maxim of saying , `` Get all you can , and keep all you get . '' This was the conduct dictated by first feelings , till experience and more extended knowledge taught mankind that , by keeping all they got , they did not get what they might . This was precisely the state of the present question , and he exhorted gentlemen not to look to what we lost only , but to consider also what we might gain , and that this measure was substituted instead of those temporary efforts , under the evil effects of which this country was at this moment labouring . He advised them to consider the nature of the limited service , and the extent of the periods ; but he exhorted them to take counsel from those who favoured the doctrine of limited service generally , rather than from those who were enemies to it altogether . It was impossible that the terms could be absolute 434 during the existence of any war ; for the fact was , that wars now came so fast in succession , that arrangement on these terms would scarcely be any boon to the soldier at all . If there was no limit to the service but that contingency , it would be impossible for the soldier to calculate upon any time for his discharge , and on going abroad he would be almost as much deprived of the hopes of returning home as he was at present ; and upon this principle the plan would do nothing , for the advantages to be derived from it would be lost . But now , by fixing the discharge at a certain period , the advantages would be clear , and the danger , even supposing that all who were entitled to it should demand their discharge at the earliest period , so inconsiderable , that the sacrifice would be prodigiously overbalanced by the benefits to be derived from it.—Now , as to the other point , which was that of the colonial service , the inconveniences here would not , by any means , be so great as might be supposed . This point might be reduced to a narrow compass . The inconveniences might be met by different regulations for that service , by appointing troops of a different description for it , and by other means . The danger was trifling , while the period was only 7 years , as it was before ; and when