by him , as to the efficiency of the volunteer force of Scotland , and to that opinion he still adhered . At the time he commanded in Scotland , he not only undertook the defence of that country , but also of the northern parts of England ; and had so high an opinion of the volunteer force , that he would have led them on with the utmost confidence against an invading enemy . It was in that confidence in the volunteers that he parted with the regular troops under his command , who were thereby rendered disposable for the service of the country in other quarters . This was not an overweening confidence , but a confidence founded upon an experience of the efficiency of the volunteer force , a confidence which he still maintained ; nor would he hesitate to lead on such a force against any veteran army of France which could effect a landing here . The noble viscount had contended that our present force was sufficient for our defence : this argument might be good , if we could know at what point an enemy might attempt to effect a landing , or that he would only make the attempt at one point ; but with our vast extent of coast , this was absolutely impossible , and therefore it became necessary to have a large efficient force in the country , ready for the exigency of the moment . He admitted , that the volunteers were of a much superior description of force to the force which could be procured under the present bill ; but it was hot intended , as the noble viscount had said , to substitute this force for the volunteers , but to bring it in aid of them . The noble viscount had talked of expressions which had been used , tending to discourage and dishearten the volunteers ; but he disclaimed any such intention in any of his colleagues in office , and maintained that what had been alluded to had been invidiously represented . Our present force , it was said , was sufficient for the defence of the country ; but were they to look only to the defence of our coast , without considering the modes adopted by the enemy , of attacking the resources of our commerce and our prosperity in other quarters ? No : he looked forward to a period when , if the war continued , we might , by means of our volunteer force , and the force raised under this bill at home , be enabled to send every battalion of regular troops out of the country , to combat the enemy in those quarters where they were attacking our resources and our interests . Were an enemy 1088 them to land in this country , he would lead on a volunteer army against them with the utmost confidence . It would be wise policy , in such a situation , not to risk a battle without absolute necessity ; but , in the mean time , the peasantry trained under this bill might be most advantageously employed in firing from behind hedges and banks upon the columns of the enemy ; who , unable to send out detachments , and perpetually harassed by this mode of attack , would ultimately be overwhelmed and completely defeated . He could not conceive by what mode of calculation the noble viscount had discovered that 200,000 volunteers could be raised for the same expence as would be incurred under the present bill . How those 200,000 volunteers were to be raised , it was beyond his comprehension to discover . As to the objection , that there was no provision for officering the men trained under this bill , it was not intended to officer them until the exigency of the moment might require it , but merely to train them to the use of arms , that , in the case of emergency , they night be employed with effect against an enemy , and in aid of the volunteers . He considered the bill to be well