house can try criminal matter upon impeachment by the commons , or as a court of appeal , by appeal , or writ of error , I admit ; but in no case whatever , with the exception of the maintenance of its own principles and privileges , can it entertain any criminal jurisdiction . In stating this , your lordships must all be aware , I am only stating that which is laid down by all writers on the law of this country , and received by all the authorities in the constitution . Therefore those who maintain there is an exception , ought to think it incumbent on them to produce a new law , which has weakened the force of the old law—a new resolution of parliament , which has weakened the force of a former resolution—a new precedent , which has weakened the force of more ancient precedents . We know , my lords , what was the answer given by lord chief justice Holt , long since the Revolution , upon a complaint being preferred against him , for what was alleged to be the undue exercise of his judicial functions . His answers was , that he was bound to exercise his judicial functions according to law and the best of his judg 757 ment , and that his conduct was not liable to be examined before your lordships . In that answer this house acquiesced ; thereby establishing a complete conclusive precedent applicable to the present case . Here was a decision where the same question as the present one was brought under consideration , where the person accused was distinguished for his knowledge of the laws of his country , where the subject matter of accusation had recently occurred , where the whole of the circumstances were brought before the house , and where the demurrer to your jurisdiction being thus solemnly made by one of the greatest lawyers of his time , was upon mature consideration admitted by your lordships . When I have said this , it seems to me , my lords , that I have exhausted the whole question . There are no instances , save those which have been condemned , save those cases which gave rise to the condemnation of the principle : no instances , if I remember right , where there has been the least ground of precedent for this house entertaining originally any complaint of a criminal matter . The doctrine for which I contend rests on the general principles of the constitution , on the statute law , on the resolutions of parliament , and on precedent . It rests also on the reason and analogy of the case ; on motives of convenience so strong , that if even there was no authority to quote , the argument of convenience , which in a doubtful case might be allowed to prevail , ought unquestionably to prevail in this . My lords , by the constitution of this country , which we have recently been called upon to put in action , the house of commons are the grand inquest of the nation—all crimes are cognizable either in the ordinary courts of justice , or in the high court of parliament ; but it is no more competent for any other court of justice to outstep the limits of its constitution , or to entrust to judges the functions of juries , or to juries the functions of judges , than it is for your lordships , as one of the component parts of parliament , to invest and make yourselves , not the judges only , but the accusers . I contend that the house of commons is the grand inquest of the high court of parliament : that it is competent for them alone to bring commoners before your lordships for high crimes and misdemeanors . Even in the case of peers , the inquest is preferred elsewhere , and the bill is removed to your lordships house , in order that you may proceed . Therefore I maintain , that in the present 758 case there is a subversion