the task , reluctantly , on that account , but on every other , most gladly . So fully am I impressed with the vast importance and necessity of attaining what will be the object of my motion this day , that if , during the almost forty years that I have now had the honour of a seat in parliament , I bad been so fortunate as to accomplish that , and that only , I should think I had done enough , and could retire 581 from public life with comfort , and conscious satisfaction , that I had done my duty . Having made these preliminary observations , I now come to the main question , but do not think it necessary to stop at present , for the sake of referring in detail to all the entries on your Journals , made at different periods since the year 1792 , the different motions made by the hon . gent. , the resolutions of the house , and the bills brought in to abolish the trade , particularly that which received the sanction of this house , though it was unfortunately negatived in another place . I have not lately had time , from other occupations , to prepare myself to refer minutely to dates and details ; and must , therefore , content myself with a general reference , in which , should I fall into any mistake , I am sure there are gentlemen who will be certain to set me right . In the execution of this duty , I am happy to reflect , that whatever difference of opinion might have prevailed upon some points , of this subject , between a few members , and , at one time , unhappily , so as to defeat the measure , the opinion of this house upon the subject was , I will not say uniform , for in that I may be contradicted , but as nearly unanimous as any thing of the kind could be , `` That the Slave Trade is contrary to the principles of justice , policy , and humanity . '' These , I believe , were the words of the resolution , adopted after long and serious deliberation ; and they are those which I mean to submit for the resolution I shall propose this day . Surely , sir , it does not remain yet to be argued , that to carry men by violence away to slavery , in distant countries , to use the expression of an illustrious man , now no more ( Mr. Burke ) , a man distinguished in every way , and in nothing more , than for his great humanity , `` is not a traffic in the labour of man , but in the man himself . '' I will not now enter , for it would be unnecessary , into that exploded argument , that we did not make the negroes slaves , but found them already in that state , and condemned to it for crimes . The nature of the crimes themselves ( witchcraft in general ) is a manifest pretext , and a mockery of all human reason . But , supposing them even to be real crimes , and such as men should be condemned for , can there be any thing more degrading to sense , or disgusting to humanity , than to think it honourable or justifiable in Great Britain , to send out , ships annually to assist in the purposes of African police ? It has , I am told , been asserted by an authority in the 582 other house of parliament , that the trade is in itself so good a one , that if it was not found already subsisting , it would be right to create it . I certainly will not compare the authority just alluded to with that of my hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who , in the efforts he has used in order to abolish this dishonourable traffic , as well as in all his other pursuits ,