A message was received from the lords acquainting the house that their lordships would proceed farther in the Trial of lord Melville , on Thursday next , at 10 of the clock , in Westminster-hall . Also that their Lordships had agreed to the Sea Offence Bill without any amendment.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart the order for the third reading of the Iron Duty bill on Thursday was read , when he moved that the order be discharged , and the bill ordered for recommitment on Friday next . He was induced to make this motion from a desire on the part of his majesty 's ministers , that the subject might meet with the maturest consideration . The order was made accordingly.—Mr . W. Smith brought up the report of the committee of ways and means relative to the duty on the exportation of Iron , which was read a first and second time and agreed to , and instructions ordered to be given to the committee of the whole house on the Iron Duty bill , to make provisions therein accordingly.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee of ways and means on the extension of the duty on Iron to the stock in hand . The resolutions were read and agreed to , and instructions directed to be given to the committee on the Iron duty to make provisions in the said bill accordingly.—The Lord Advocate of Scotland brought in the bill For increasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty and of the Judges of the Commissary Court , which was read a first time . moved the 2 order of the day for going into a committee on the bill for repealing the Additional Force act . The order having been read , and the question put , that the Speaker do now leave the chair , and observed that having upon a former occasion voted for the proposition of the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) respecting this bill , he now rose to trouble the house with a few explanations of the motives which had decided him to give that vote . When the Additional-Force bill was first brought in , he had opposed it because he thought it would never be productive ; and though it had proved more so than he had expected , yet so many objections occurred to its principle and practice , that he should not have voted as he had done the other night , if the proposition had been of a nature to prevent the house from repealing the act during the session . From the development of the rt . hon . gent . 's ( Mr. Wind-ham 's ) plan , which had been given to the house , he had the strongest objections to it . The expression of the rt . hon . gent . in describing the present state of the public force , was , that our army appeared as if they had clubbed the battalion , and every thing was in an order of inversion or retrogradation ; he therefore strongly dwelt upon the necessity of a system of regulation calculated to cure these disorders . The rt . hon . gent . had emphatically said , that the fate of nations was decided by armies ; and after stating that position in a manner so forcible as he had done , he ( Mr . J . ) owned he was prepared to expect some plan infinitely more efficient than that which had been suggested . When experience had shewn the extreme difficulty of procuring recruits for our 3 army under the high bounties that were given , and after all the exertions that were made , he could not see the least prospect of remedying the defect by the proposed reduction of bounties ; in lieu of which the rt . hon . gent . proposed an advance of 6d . per week to men who had served 7 years , and 1s . per week to men who had served 14 years ; this would never