whole.—I have only to remark , that a ship , after being completely repaired for permanent service , can not be expected to run above 5 years without requiring fresh actual repairs , exclusive of casual defects made good : how far , then , his lordship 's measures were calculated to maintain a navy of above 100 sail of the line in actual service at sea , I shall leave the house and the country to determine.—Lord St. Vincent was not , it seems , awake to a sense of danger , and to the necessity of beginning to put the navy into an efficient state , even fill within a month before Press Warrants were issued ; I beg to refer to letters from the officers of the dock-yards , which prove this to its full extent . They will be found in p. 39 of the papers presented to the house on the 28th of May.—Is it impossible that the officers of our principal dock-yards , should have had occasion to express themselves in those terms , only one month before the commencement of hostilities ? Can any one who has seen the correspondence which passed between the ministers of this country and those of France , from the time the definitive treaty was signed , to the commencement of the present war , the whole of which bespeaks the almost certainty of war ; I say , sir , can any one , having seen such correspondence , believe that during the time it was carrying on , those who directed our naval affairs were incurring to the country a useless and great expence in fitting its Navy for a state of Ordinary ? and that , so far from taking such precautionary measures as might facilitate our means of defence and offence , in the event of hostilities , they were throwing every impediment in the way by putting the navy to sleep ; discharging the Ship Wrights and artificers from the dock- 174 yards . ; and turning adrift the brave and gallant seamen ; many of whom immediately resorted to foreign countries , and are at this moment in the dock-yards and fleets of our enemies ? and this , even before they had repaired a single ship ? —But so much were they infatuated with false ideas of economy , that they were actually selling ships , instead of repairing them , till hostilities stared them in the face ; for it is a fact , that at the moment when press warrants were issued , there was an advertisement in the public newspapers , dated March 5 , 1803 , for the sale of several vessels ; but which advertisement was afterwards withdrawn.—The earl of St. Vincent also authorised the sale of hemp ; conceiving , I presume , that the stock in hand was greater than was necessary ; acceptable article found its way to the enemy 's fleets . His lordship next visited the dock-yards , in order to introduce his system of affected reform and false economy ; which visitation , as it was called , was attended with unprecedented acts of cruelty and oppression . He found them , as he thought , over-stocked with artificers , and instantly a large reduction took place . And , sir , so little importance did he attach to it , that this reduction took place , even before that solitary ship the Russel was completed ; the only ship repaired , out of 60 sail of the line ; part of those which were even , paid off by himself , all requiring the 3 first denominations of heaviest repairs . It was at a moment when every man in the country anticipated the renewal of the war ; which expectation was so soon realised . It was unpardonable , that ample provision was not made for it . Our preparations should at least have kept pace with those of foreign powers , but more particularly with those of France.—The consequences resulting from such measures are in a great degree shewn by the accounts on the table ; by