the treasury thereon.—On the motion of Mr. Grant there were ordered to be laid before the house a copy of the report of the committee of the court of directors , on the subject of the Carnatic Debts , & c. and various letters relative thereto.—Mr . Fox brought up a bill to prevent ships from clearing out for the African Slave Trade , that had not hitherto been employed in the same trade ; which was read a first time.—Sir J. Sinclair brought up the report of the committee on the Broad Wheeled Carriage act , which was ordered to be printed.—Sir J. Newport obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the Election Laws of Ireland , and a bill for the better regulation and collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland . moved the order of the day for the house to go into a committee on the West India Accounts bill , which being read , his lordship said , that before he moved that the Speaker do leave the chair , he wished to make a few observations respecting the objects of the bill , by way of obviating the objections thrown out against it on a former night by the right hon . gent . opposite 662 ( Mr. Rose ) . He then stated , that in the year 1800 and 1801 , commissioners were sent out to West Indies , for the purpose of investigating and auditing the public accounts in the different islands ; that they proceeded in the execution of the trust reposed in them , but found the accounts so complicated , and so much mixed with accounts kept in England , that they could not proceed with any effects , and were therefore under the necessity of sending home one of their number , ( Mr. Bearcroft ) to communicate their difficulties to the treasury , at the risk of the commissioners on the islands being at an entire stand . Mr. Bearcroft arrived in England in 1804 , and in the course of that and the year 1805 , took examinations of the accounts in England , for the purpose of dectecting the various frauds that had been committed . It was , however , found , in consequence of these examinations , that none of the authors of the abuses in the West Indies could be called to an account with any effect . The principal object of the present bill was to examine into the former powers , and to give the commissioners more extensive ones . And in order to obviate the inconveniencies and difficulties which had anlecedently occurred , so as to frustrate the intention of the commissioners , who had been obliged to send home one of their members , there were other provisions in the bill , to form a new board , one part of which shall reside in the West Indies , and the other in England , which two boards shall continually correspond with each other , and communicate such difficulties in the West Indies , as can not be cleared up without communications from home . Thus , the two boards would be enabled to make continual progress in the investigation and auditing of the accounts . No time would be lost , as had been the case in sending home Mr. Bearcroft ; the commissioners would , on the contrary , be efficient ; and how the right hon . gent . could call it a sinecure , he was at a loss to account for . There was also a clause in the bill , empowering the treasury to appoint clerks and secretaries , but not commissioners , as had been stated by the right hon . gent . As to the patronage alluded to by the right hon . gent . there was a considerable difficulty in procuring proper persons to accept of these places , which would compel them to go to the West Indies . As to the point of salaries , he thought these ought to be fixed , and paid regularly . He also obviated the