manner of the history alluded to , highly desirable . To a certain extent , this principle certainly applied to buildings , in cases where great improvements , or ornamental decorations were included . In the present case both these estimable objects were united . The speculation was entered into with such a share and mixture of public spirit , as did the projectors great credit . Much of what the parties had to complain of arose from sudden breaking out of the war , by which the prices of all materials were greatly increased , and those of labour in a still higher proportion ; so that it was impossible the parties could go on without plunging into gulph of bankruptcy . On these grounds , he submitted 836 to his noble friend , whether he would carry his disapprobation so far , as not to yield to the consideration of unavoidable circumstances ; besides the bill had been sent up from the commons , and had passed through every stage among their lordships , save this very last . He would again submit to the noble duke , whether it would not be better to consider the observations he had made as a kind of caveat in future against applications of the kind , from mistaken or interested speculations ? The ruin of the parties might be the consequence of the rejection of the bill ; of men who had come forward with a degree of public spirit , in an undertaking tending to improve and beautify two important avenues in this great metropolis , and which circumstance redounded to their honour . For his part at his advanced time of life he should rather wish to see these improvements hastened than retarded , in order that he might see some of them carried to perfection . On the whole , his sentiments of the measure were such , as fully to justify him in urging their lordships to pass the bill . The question was then put and the bill read a third time . presented three petitions from the inhabitants of Brighthelmstone , in favour of the bill for constructing a Jetty or Jetties near that town.—Mr . Tierney presented a petition from the Butchers and Farmers , within fifteen miles of the metropolis , against the Hide and Skin Regulation bill.—On the motion of sir J. Newport the Irish Revenue Jurisdiction bill was read a 2d time.—On the motion of sir J. Newport the Irish Distillery bill went through a committee.—On the motion of the lord Advocate of Scotland , it was ordered that the house should to-morrow resolve itself into a committee on the report of the committee of the 21st of July 1803 , relative to the Bell Rock Lighthouse in Scotland.—Mr . Grenfell presented a petition from the London Assurance Company against the bill for the incorporation of the GlobeInsurance Company . Referred to the committee on the said bill.—Mr . Calcraft obtained leave to bring in a bill to make compensation to the proprietors of certain lands at Chatham , Warley Common , and Woolwich , 837 which had been occupied for the purposes of his majesty 's ordnance . Mr. C. immediately brought up the bill , which was read a first time.—Mr . King brought up a bill to amend the Post Office acts ; which was read a first time.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee on the bill for regulating the office of the Receiver General of the Post Office , which was agreed to.—Mr . Rose presented a petition from the Trustees of the British Museum , praying aid to complete the purchase of Mr. Townley 's Collection , and to finish the buildings now erecting for the use of that institution . said , that in consequence of something he had heard was mentioned in the house yesterday , he thought it necessary to state , that no communication whatever was made to the volunteers from the executive government since the 1st of Feb. last , and that there existed no disposition whatever to withhold any information that might be desired upon