person so attacked was a man who had rendered the most important services to the country , he thought it did become the house not only to shew their indignation at the charge , but to express their approbation of that meritorious conduct , which had been the cause of so much enmity , and of so much calumny . It would be strange indeed to argue , that every individual member had the privilege of coming down to the house , and saying whatever he pleased against the most distinguished character , but that , at the same time , the house were not at liberty to express their sense of those merits and virtues which formed the very ground of the attack , and the object of its prosecution . had no objection to the vote , provided it was confined to the zeal of the noble earl for reform , and did not extend to a general vote , comprehending the dock-yards , naval stores , and his naval administration in general . He would allude , and that reluctantly , to one fact , he meant the impressing of a naval officer , in the hall of the admiralty , by the order of the noble earl ; and he contended , that unless the house approved that fact , without consideration , they could not agree to a general vote . expressed his most hearty concurrence in the motion of his right hon . Friend ( Mr. Fox ) , and asked , Was it because an hon . gent . had thought proper to move for papers from month to month , and from day to day , which , when produced , did not substantiate a single charge against the noble earl , that the noble earl was to be still held up to the public , as a suspicious character ? It was now a year since the hon . gent . had pledged himself to the house , that he would prove lord St. Vincent to be one of the greatest enemies the country ever had . It was now seen in , what manner he had redeemed this pledge . 213 He had also frequently charged him with tyranny and oppression , and talked of his reign of terror . How did it happen that the hon . gent . did not think proper to bring forward a tittle of evidence in support of that part of the case ? In the case of Bartholomew , although there was no evidence before the house upon the subject , he was prepared to defend lord St. Vincent and shew that his conduct was perfectly correct . Bartholomew was not an officer ; but having passed his examination as a lieutenant , presumed upon that circumstance , and was excessively impertinent to the admiralty . The noble lord could do no less . The only charge that it appeared to hint could fairly be brought against the noble lord was , that of entertaining mistaken notions of economy . When his great services were considered , he thought it due to the country and the navy , of which he was the most distinguished ornament , that , as his accusation was long protracted , his acquittal should he proclaimed in that way that was most honourable to the feelings of the house , and most honourable to the character of that illustrious person who had been so long exposed to those ill-founded speculations . thought that this motion came quite by surprise upon the house , and after a few observations , declared he should oppose it . considered the charges alledged against the noble earl as frivolous and vexatious , and not confirmed in any one single point . Earl St. Vincent , he observed , never knew Bartholomew had been pressed ; and the meritorious conduct of the noble earl , in endeavouring to suppress abuses in the naval department , deserved high public approbation ; he should , therefore , heartily concur in the right hon . secretary 's motion . said , he certainly should vote against