strikes out of your statute books , or reduces to a dead letter , all the body of the laws of this realm made for the support of our navigation , the rule of our colonial system , and every thing that depends on both ; this is said to be the effect of necessity . Is this a proved necessity or only an alleged necessity ? when did this necessity grow up ? what is the extent of it ? It must have been of a very limited kind for these two months ; for the secretary of state 's letter is dated so far back as April last , by which it appears that he felt no other necessity than that the West India colonies should be supplied with lumber , and with a few . but not with all , articles of provision ; and that those who do supply the colonies with this lumber , and with these few articles of provision , shall be allowed to carry away with them rum and molasses ; that is all the necessity which exists in the month of April ; but in the month of May following , that is , in one month , it is discovered that there is a necessity for transferring from parliament all the controul it ever had over this important subject , and from the colonial government all the discretion it ever had , and of vesting in the hands of his majesty 's ministers , an entire , absolute , and uncontroulable power to exercise their discretion over the whole body of the navigation laws of this realm , as far 989 as those laws depend upon your colonial system . Now , will the noble lord tell me that he is arguing the merits of this bill whom he leaves entirely unanswered all that has been said on the other side with respect to this colonial system and the navigation laws ? Why , sir , to say that these discussions are not relevant , which apply to the very subject of the bill itself , shews the truth of what has been said on the other side that the noble lord himself is not in the secret of the real meaning and true object of this bill ; or , that it contains a meaning , and has an object , which the noble lord does not think fit to disclose to parliament , and here I take leave to ask when a measure presented to parliament under a false character and description , is it not fair to infer , that under its true character and description it would not be endured ? But it is said , in support of this bill , that the power which has hitherto been entrusted to the governors of the islands is now to be transferred to the privy council . Supposing it did no more than that , and that the power so to be transferred to the privy council was to be confined in it exercise to the objects specified in the secretary of state 's letter , that is , that the whole power was to be confined to lumber , and the few articles to be imported into the colonies , and the rum and molasses to be carried out of them ; then there would not be much objection to it ; but that is nothing like the extent of the power to be given by this bill ; for , by this bill , the power is without limit as it regards the regulation of the whole of your colonial system , and the whole of your navigation laws . And when did parliament ever give this power before ? did it ever give it , or any thing like it , to the governors of the islands ? I know it has from year to year passed acts of indemnity for what they did , and this is stated to be like the case of the king 's prerogative to pardon a criminal . Certainly , the royal prerogative extends to the pardon of