the part of the plan which was to prevail upon the men to renlist for a second period of 7 years , be , thought it could not he adopted . The rt . hon . gent . had not proposed to give any second bounty , but only an increased pay of 6d . a week . Could any body suppose that this 6d week would have as strong an ef- 21 feet as a bounty of 14 guineas ? Or could any one fancy , that the annuity of 6d week was the value of that bounty ? If any of these men wished to re- enlist , they would certainly go into another regiment and take the second bounty . What was the rt . hon gent 's . idea with respect to the volunteers he could not pretend to say , he did not know whether he meant to encourage or discourage them . The rt . hon . gent . had professed , that he rather wished that the number of volunteers should be increased , but he could not see how that wish was consistent with the opinions he had so often delivered upon that subject . For his part , he was as warm an advocate as any man for the volunteer system , which he considered the most important ; the most effectual , and the cheapest defence of the country . But if the rt . hon . gent 's . opinion of them was correct , and that the volunteers never could be made efficient under the present system , nor ever act in line , or assist in the manner that was intended , it appeared to him lit in such case they ought to be dissolved . The reports of the inspecting officers were , however , quite in opposition to this opinion ; and one general officer , now high in his majesty 's councils , ( lord Moira ) had reported that the volunteers of Scotland were to be brought out against any enemy , and that he would head them with greatest confidence . He was afraid , however , that the rt . hon . gent . had taken all his ideas of the volunteers from the corps which he himself commanded , the Felbrig volunteers . That corps in itself united every thing which the rt . hon . gent . had been so accustomed to condemn . In the first place , of all the corps that subsisted in the county of Norfolk , this was the only one in which the commander had taken the title of colonel , all the rest of the volunteer commanders in the county were content with being merely captains . The composition of this corps was also somewhat singular . There were 73 privates , but no staff , no field officer , no captain , no subalterns , no drummers , and only two serjeants , which was of course too little to instruct the men at all in what they ought to do . The rt . hon . gent . seemed to wish to exemplify in his own corps all time imperfections which he complained of in the volunteer system . If at any time he saw in Hyde Park , or any where else , such an appearance of discipline as staggered his opinion , he immediately comforted himself with the recollection of his own corps in the country , and of their indiscipline and want of subordina- 22 tion . He could not , however , consent that the volunteers of England should be judged of by the Felbrig corps . As to the levy-en-masse , the rt . hon . gent . with all that courtesy and conciliating manners , that he generally used towards those who opposed his measures , said that he did not like it the better for coming from their shop . He must tell him , however , that in speaking of their shop , he did not understand the wares and merchandize it produced . Nothing was more unlike than the levy-en-masse act