those estimated by me for the future , 14,668,119l . The general commerce of the country is improved equally with the revenue . It appears , by the public documents before this house , that the commerce of India is now able to supply the China market so effectually , as nearly to preclude the necessity of sending bullion to China ; and large stuns in specie are now imported into India from that country.—After the view which I have taken of the general situation of the affairs of the East-India Co. in India , I hope that it will be found , that their debt , although large , and certainly pressing in a very great degree upon their prosperity , and upon the attention of those who have the management of their affairs , is not of a magnitude to create any danger ; that it appears , that there are means of reducing it , at no very great distance of time , to a moderate amount , and that , under the auspices of the noble lord ( Morpeth ) , by a just attention to the system of economy which he has recommended , and by reverting to the system and scale of establishments fixed in 1802-3 , with such augmentations as the change of affairs has rendered necessary , and as I have already described , the revenues of that great empire will be found to afford ample means . of restoring the finances . said , he greatly pre- 1083 ferred the situation of India at present , to what it was in 1798 , and had such confidence in the benefit that would result from the territorial acquisitions made by marquis Wellesley , inasmuch as they had left no footing for Bonaparte , that he would invest all his property , had he ten times what he possessed , in India stock . had a statement in his hand which he had reason to believe to be correct ; the only mode of ascertaining where the error lay , was by comparison ; it was impossible then to enter into the detail ; it might be done upon the report . rose , and declared , that he could not allow the committee to rise without first delivering his opinion , at great length , on the alarming aspect of the company 's affairs , whom he declared to be in a state of absolute insolvency . Rather than again forego his privilege , of which he had been more than once deprived in the way now attempted , he would count the house . He was ready at that late hour to enter into this investigation , or to adjourn the debate . the chairman of the committee , stated that the hon . member might perhaps have an opportunity of the comparison previous to the bringing up of the report ; it would then be equally competent to him to urge his objections as it was at the present moment . was confident , that , upon the resolutions being taken into further consideration , he would be able to disprove every part of the hon . general 's statement . declared , that he was extremely willing to shew his statement to the hon . director , or any other member who might be desirous of making a comparison with any statement of his own . denied that the company was in a state of insolvency , and observed , that such an assertion as that which the hon . alderman had made , required some further explanation . was proceeding to account for the opinion which he had advanced , when observed , that , from the hon . member 's course of reasoning , it was evident that his explanation would occupy more time than was desirable at the then late hour . On the suggestion of lord Morpeth , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again of Tuesday next . moved the order of the day for the house resolving itself into a committee on the Training bill . His lordship observed