had read all the correspondence on the subject , and he would venture to say , that the earl of Essex was the only person who gave such information . The letter , therefore , began with a violation of truth , ( in saying violation of truth , he did not allude to the noble lord personally , but to the act of the government ) , and proceeded to order the violation of the law by increasing the bounties . Colonel Campbell , who acted under the directions of the secretary of state , gave notice , that there was no occasion for being very nice in the manner the men were raised , so they were got . It was also a subject worthy of serious observation , that by the law the recruit was obliged to take an oath , that he was a native of the parish or district for which he served . Now , in the manner those recruits were raised in distant 140 parts of the country , it was necessary that perjury should be added to the violation of the law before such recruits could be received . He then concluded by utterly denying that he or his hon . friends acted at all through hatred of the memory of the great and illustrious man who framed the bill . At the time that lord Hawkesbury 's extraordinary circular letter of the 31st December was circulated , the late right hon . chancellor of the exchequer was on his death-bed . He should therefore be acquitted of having any share in that atrocious action . As for me , said the right hon . gent. , there were many who flattered him more than I , and some who feared him more ; but there was no man who had a higher respect for his transcendant talents , his matchless eloquence , and his inflexible integrity ; and yet it has been often my fate to have opposed his measures . I may have considered that there was somewhat too much of loftiness in his mind which could not bend to advice , or scarcely bend to co-operation . I may have considered , that as a statesman his measures were not adequate to the situation of the country in the present times , but I always thought his purpose and his hope was for his greatness and glory of his country . Let not his friends , then , suppose they are dealing fairly with the house , in representing that we seek a triumph over the memory of that illustrious man , when we now move the repeal of a measure , which he would himself have repealed if he had lived . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who had many opportunities of knowing his intentions , had told you that he intended to repeal it if it failed in getting men . It has failed . Let the failure of the measure be buried in his grave , and never remembered in his epitaph.—The question for the third reading of the bill was then put and carried without a division . Upon the question , that the same do pass . said , he thought it was necessary that the bill should specifically renew the provision of the Additional Force act , that the men raised by it were not to be sent out of the kingdom . said , that as by this bill both the Army of Reserve and the Additional Force acts were repealed , the greatest injustice would be done , if the same provision as those acts made for the wives and families of the men , was not retained in the bill.—A short conversation then ensued , in which Mr. Windham and Mr. Fox urged , that the amendments proposed would unne- 141 cessarily delay the passing of this bill , and that they would be the subject of another bill . thought there was much weight in the amendments , and that it would be preferable to delay the bill a short time , in