subject . The intended recall of sir G. Barlow has been , however , notified to India in all the correspondence , both public and private , that has taken place with that country since the beginning of March ; and it must occasion great uncertainty with respect to the system of government to be adopted for India , as well as great surprise in those who are best acquainted with the services , the talents , and the zeal of the honourable baronet . It will be now necessary to consider the act of parliament itself , under which his majesty was empowered to recall the governor general appointed by the Company . It is by the act which passed in the year 1784 , that his majesty obtained that prerogative , and it will not be foreign from the subject to call the attention of your lordships to the circumstances under which that act was passed . It will be recollected that it at that remarkable period when the whole 950 country was convulsed with different opinions on the subject of the best mode of governing India . The different systems might be said to be contained in two bills ; the one was commonly known by the name of Mr. Fox 's bill , and time other by that of Mr. Pitt 's bill . In the latter , however , to which parliament gave its sanction , the power of recalling a governor-general , or other officer , was given to ins majesty by an express clause in the bill . if the house will , however , recollect the circumstances of those times , arch consider the mode in which those two bills were universally understood at that period , it will appear that it was time general opinion at that time , that the real difference between the bills was a struggle for the patronage of India , whether it should be in the hands of the crown or of the company . The opposers of the bill of 1783 ( Mr. Fox 's bill ) contended , that giving the patronage of India to ministers would overturn the independence of the lords and commons , and be subversive of the privileges and prerogatives of the crown . The privileges of 1784 ( Mr. Pitt 's bill ) disclaimed this patronage , and went upon the supposition that the patronage of India might be more fairly and beneficially exercised by the East India Co. themselves . I do not now mean to argue , which of those opinions were right or wrong . I merely mean to state , that the opinion of the legislature in the year 1784 , when they agreed to Mr. Pitt 's bill , was decidedly for leaving the Company the patronage of India . The clause therefore in that act , which first gave his majesty the power of recalling a governor-general , can never fairly be constrned as directly militating against the whole spirit of the act . The most decided sense of the country was then in favour of the spirit of that act , and with this generally prevailing sentiment the legislature concurred ; it therefore never could have been the intention of time legislature , that a bill passed in this spirit should contain a clause which was to be at complete variance with the whole object of the bill , and should enable his majesty 's ministers , by exercising at pleasure this power of recall , to gain the entire patronage of India . The meaning of the clause is obvious . It only was intended to give the crown the power of negativing any improper appointment , which partiality might ever induce the Court of Directors to make . The Court of Directors were also checked in that respect by the Court 951 of Proprietors , and there was a most remarkable instance then recent , of the Court of Proprietors having refused to acquiesce in the recall of Mr. Hastings when the Court of Directors had proposed it . It therefore was necessary , that in cases of that nature