the other rendered the burden thrown on the article of horses only , by the operation of this tax , equal to the gross sum which the noble lord had estimated that it would produce ! This appeared to him to be a conclusive argument on the subject . It would be criminal in the house to impose a burden so heavy , and from which such little benefit to the country could be derived . He knew with what re 77 luctance some minds acknowledged their error , but he trusted that the minds of the noble lord , and of the rt . hon . gent . near him , were too great to persist in a measure , the tendency of which was so highly injurious . wished to call the attention of the house to the tax , as it affected the manufactures , the agriculture of the country , and the comforts of the poor . He contended , that it would raise the price of many of those manufactures , in which iron was principally employed , 12½ per cent . and in some cases much higher This was a most serious consideration to the country , when the manufactures of Flanders , of Prussia , and of Stiria , were able to come in competition with us in the foreign markets , and even to undersell us in the coarser articles . It was proposed , however , to give a certain drawback on articles exported ; but he thought that nothing short of a drawback equal to the increased price which they , would bear in this country , would be sufficient , and this would greatly diminish the produce of the tax . The seats of the great manufacture of Iron ware , With one of which he was particularly , connected , had been seriously affected by the wars on the continent , and this tax would have on them the most injurious effects . Its influence on agriculture would also be pernicious . It would tend to give the grazing farmer , who made less use of horses and implements of iron manufacture , great advantages over the arable and thus would throw an undue proportion of the country into pasture . It would press heavily also on the poor ; iron was a necessary part of most of the tools which they employed , and thus the very implements which they used might be placed almost beyond their reach . The great and comprehensive mind of the right hon . gent. , who preceded the noble lord in his situation , had perceived the injury which such a tax was calculated to produce , and had relinquished his intention of imposing it . He trusted that his example would be followed in the present instance . He concluded with opposing the Speaker 's leaving the chair , and declaring , that he would take the sense of the house on the question . said , that however sorry he might be to oppose measures of finance at this arduous period , he could not but object to a measure , the effect of which must inevitably be to throw a gloom on the spirit of our manufactures , to cut up those very resources to which the country would have to look for its protection and defence , and to drive from bread very numerous classes of 78 our industrious poor . It would have the most injurious effects on a very large proportion of the inhabitants of Birmingham which he had the honour to represent . Birmingham had been formerly called the toyshop of Europe ; but since the convulsions that had taken place on the continent , the demand for those articles of curious and elegant manufacture had entirely ceased ; and goldsmiths and . silversmiths were now converted into blacksmiths . Even in their articles , Germany and America had now began to enter into competition with us . The manufacturers of these countries had received every encouragement , from their different governments , and surely our own manufacturers were equally entitled to the fostering