unsatisfactory , as to provoke not remark only , but indignation ! The house will readily apprehend that I allude to the colonial service . It is plain , that if the example of all other countries , if the example of France , were as distinctly encouraging as they have been shewn to be the reverse , till the extensive colonial possessions of this country , and the great proportion of our army which it is necessary to employ in their defence , would alone be sufficient to discourage the adoption of the 470 system by this country . I will not take up the time of the house by pointing out the obvious difficulties and dangers arising from this system to the defence of our colonies ; —but mark the answer , and the only answer which has been attempted to be given to them ! —The right hon . gent . expressed a hope , in which the hon . colonel faithfully followed , that the danger might not be quite so great as it appeared ; and that before it actually occurred , means might be found to remedy it : and this is all ! —After so many years debate , after so many months of official deliberation , the right hon . gent. , in bringing forward a plan for the complete alteration of the established military system of the country , is no otherwise prepared to meet the objection which every man in this house , and out of this house ; which every man who has either written , or spoken , or conversed , or thought upon the subject , has had uppermost in his mind , than by a vague and distant hope , that at some time or other , somebody or other may , in some way or other , discover something or other , which shall , some how or other , remedy someone or other , of the manifold inconveniences and dangers which we all concur in apprehending ! —As to the right hon . gent . himself , he washes his hands of it : it is not to him that we are to look for the solution of the difficulty ; and with this explanation parliament is to be satisfied ! Sir , to such a plan as this , introduced in such a manner , supported by such arguments , fraught with such difficulties and dangers ; a plan unnecessarily invading the prerogative of the crown , and unadvisedly committing the faith and discretion of parliament , —I can not but give my most decided and unqualified opposition . I do not thereby mean to pronounce any opinion against the expediency of trying the experiment of limited service.—The crown has already the power to try it . Let the right hon . gent.—let the king 's ministers exercise their constitutional right to advise the crown to make the trial , if they shall think fit : but let them not insist upon making parliament a party to their experiment . No practical advantage is gained by our interference ; and by abstaining from interposing , we shall at least avoid many practical disadvantages which may result from it . rose , in reply to the right hon . gent . He said , that before he entered into any discussion of the principles of the bill , he must first answer some interlocutory 471 objections that had been made . As to the complaint of its being hurried forward with such precipitation , just as the mutiny bill was going to expire , he must remind that right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) and his friends , that , a few days ago , they had contended that the discussion should be delayed two days longer , as they had wished the discussion not to come on before Monday next . If he and his friends persisted in fixing it for the present night , and not putting it off , it was merely that parliament should have as much time for the discussion as could be given before the