much less than was barely necessary to meet the depreciation of money since those allowances were fixed . thought , that the only question was , whether , when the salaries of every subordinate person in the state had been , within a few years , so much increased , it was wise to exclude , from the benefit of that general augmentation , a class of persons whose splendour and dignity were so intimately connected with those of the nation . Alluding to the duke of York , he described his situation as very different from that of his royal brothers . The income of his royal highness , independent of his emoluments as commander 1105 in-chief , amounted to 26,000l . a year.— The bill was then read a 2d time . in pursuance to a notice , to call the attention of the house to the merits , the services , the zeal , and perseverance , of the volunteers of the united kingdom . He had no hesitation in saying , that it was the full conviction of his mind , that it was to them that the country was indebted for its security when threatened by invasion . Besides the general ardour which gentlemen from every county might bear testimony to , there were some particular instances of their promptitude and alacrity in the course of the last year . On an alarm of invasion on the coasts of Yorkshire , all the volunteers of the neighbouring districts pressed forward , with that ardour and zeal which the country had a right to expect from them . When there was an alarm of invasion in Scotland , the volunteers flocked from the farthest extremity of that country , to what they supposed was the seat of danger ; and it was not merely for their spirit , that they deserved to be admired ; but such was their discipline and efficiency , that lord Moira declared , that he would lead them with confidence against any enemy that could invade the country . Not only the earl of Moira had testified the efficiency of the volunteers of Scotland ; but the inspecting field-officers , ( who were men of high character , and could not be supposed to falsify the truth , ) generally reported the volunteers as well advanced in discipline , and fit to serve with the troops of the line . They did not consider the volunteers as mere scarecrows , and persons that would spread confusion . He thought there was nothing more praiseworthy in the volunteers , than their determined perseverance . The corps that he commanded , and most of those with which he was acquainted , still mustered strong . He objected , principally , to the abolition of permanent duty , and the reduction of the drill serjeants . He concluded by moving , `` That this house doth thankfully acknowledge , and highly approve of the services of the different corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers of the united kingdom ; and doth think it necessary to record its decided opinion , that the due encouragement of the zeal and patriotism which the Yeomanry and Volunteers have so eminently displayed , in the maintenance of their establishment and the preservation of their discipline , would contribute , in an essential degree , to the 1106 defence and internal security of the country . '' seconded the motion . After a general panegyric of the Volunteers , he took , notice of several expressions which were made in contempt and derision of them . He particularly dwelt on what had been advanced by an hon . member ( col. Craufurd ) , respecting the trade of col. Birch ; as if , because he made pies and jellies , he was , on that account , to be excluded from the service of his country . After repeating many of the expressions , which had , at different times , been imputed to a right hon , secretary ( Mr. Windham ) , he concluded by stating his opinion , that ministers dared not to move the previous