. He hoped , with the noble lord , that we should always observe moderation and good faith in our conduct with the neighbouring states ; but what concern that could have in diminishing our expences , he could not conceive . The noble lord had guarded 1054 the house against any apprehension they might otherwise have entertained , that the splendour of the executive government in India should be diminished . What did this mean ? He could understand such an observation , if applied to the monarchies of Europe ; but he contended that all our acquirements , all our wealth , and all our character in India , were obtained , without the least idea of maintaining any of the splendour alluded to by the noble lord . He considered , and he believed that it was generally considered , that the conduct of sir George Barlow , in the conclusion of the treaties , and in the economical regulations which he had instituted , was highly meritorious ; and it surely would have been becoming in his majesty 's ministers to have allowed him to carry into effect the arrangements which he had commenced . He detailed the circumstances attending the original appointment of sir G. Barlow to the governor generalship of India , with his subsequent recall ; and contended , that the act on Which his majesty 's ministers had proceeded , was intended to apply only to extreme cases , of which this was not one . For 22 years , it had never been deemed adviseable to exercise the prerogative which the act established . The first appointment of sir G. Barlow , on the part of his majesty 's ministers , was a deliberate action . Refusing him whom the first minister of the crown ( Mr. Fox ) had formerly described as the man best calculated to be entrusted with the government of India , ( Mr Francis , ) they appointed sir G. Barlow . Notwithstanding that his measures even anticipated the hopes and expectations of his employers , he was , in twelve days afterwards , superseded without the shadow of a cause . He had heard it stated , that this removal took place because sir G. Barlow was a servant of the company . However he might feel the propriety of placing a man of rank and consequence at the head of the government in India , in preference to one who might be better acquainted with the details of business ; yet he thought that this principle might be pushed too far . If ever there was a case in which it ought to have s been departed from , it was that on which he was speaking . He had also been told , that sir G. Barlow was recalled , because he did not possess the personal confidence of a ministers . Two noble lords , however , under whose administration the British interests in India had flourished , in the highest degree ; he meant , lord Macartney , and lord Cornwallis ; did not , he believed , 1055 enjoy much of the personal confidence of the administrations , which existed in England during the period of their government . Another whimsical reason for this recall , which , when he coupled it with some other extraordinary statements on different subjects , almost made him conclude , that the brain of the right hon . gent. , who had used it , was full of paradoxes : Sir G. Barlow was a most zealous supporter of the government in India , which that right hon . gent . approved ; but he thought fit to remove him , lest the court of directors , who disapproved of that government , might , on that account , hereafter dislike sir G. Barlow , although they had hitherto approved of all his acts . The statement of the accounts , by the noble lord , presented a gloomy picture : he hoped , that by care and attention , on the part of our government , it might yet assume a more lively