persuaded , that , had lord St. Vincent continued at the head of the admiralty , the honour , glory , and unrivalled fame of the British navy would have sunk , and lost all their splendour . Let it not be admitted , as has been asserted , that the earl of St. Vincent laid the foundation of all our naval victories . The facts , which I have had the honour to state , give the most positive contradiction to that assertion . And , though charges of so serious a nature have been brought against that noble lord , and which I trust I have fully substantiated , we see the noble lord ; pending the enquiry , appointed to the highest and most extensive command ever given to any officer of , the British navy . I do not mean , sir , to question lord St. Vincent 's merits as a naval officer . They form no object in the present enquiry ; neither can any professional merits serve to set off against proved and mischievous conduct in his civil and political capacity.—I shall now , sir , conclude with reading certain resolutions , which it is my intention to move to be referred to the consideration of a committee of the whole house . On enquiry I am persuaded that this house , and the nation at large , will be convinced that I have not wantonly calumniated the noble lord , or sullied his character , reputation , and fame . If these have been tarnished—if his lordship 's laurels have been blasted—they have not been tarnished or blasted by me . I have only recited lord St Vincent 's acts , if he fall from his elevated station of honour and fame , —he has rashly precipitated himself , and sinks by his own misconduct.—I do not see , how it is possible that my motions can be negatived , unless the facts comprised in them can be controverted , which I am sure they can not ; or unless they are deemed wholly unimportant and uninteresting ; that is , unless it be decided , that the care and preservation of the navy of Great Britain , is a concern unworthy of the attention of the British parliament.—Having now , sir , very conscientiously , though very imperfectly , discharged the duty which I thought 186 due to this house , to the public , and to myself ; I most gratefully acknowledge the can did and patient attention with which I have been honoured . I beg leave to read the following resolutions : — ; —1 . That it appears to this House that from the 18th Feb. 1801. to the 15th May 1804 , the right hon . the earl of St. Vincent presided at the board of admiralty.—2 . That it is the duty of the board of admiralty to maintain and support the royal navy in a complete and efficient state.—3 . That 42 ships of the line and 45 frigates , had been launched between 1783 and 1792 ; of which number , 30 of the line-of-battle ships , and 40 of the frigates , had been built in the merchants ' yards.—4 . That from Jan. 1793 , to Feb. 1801 , there were 18 ships of the line , and 46 frigates built ; 43 ships of the line , and 66 frigates , captured from the enemy ; 5 ships of the line , and 9 frigates purchased ; making in all , 66 ships of the line , and 121 frigates added to the navy in a period of 8 years ; being on an average , an annual addition of 8¼ sail of the line , and of 15 frigates.—5 . That from Jan. 1793 , to Feb. 1801 , 21 ships of the line , and 53 frigates were by various casualties taken from the navy.—6 . That there had been maintained at sea , upon the average of 8 years , prior to Feb. 1801 , 101 sail of the line , and 146 frigates , exclusive of