the governor of a colony . Their lordships , he thought , had placed themselves in that situation that they could not 771 recede . They had heard evidence ; they had passed a bill to continue the proceedings in the present session . He would enter his protest against quashing the proceedings . He thought it became the house to consider the situation in which they had placed themselves , as well as the situation in which they had placed the learned judge also . said , he had been prevented , by his occupations elsewhere , from attending the proceedings ; but the first impression on his mind was , that there would be no impropriety or inconvenience in entertaining the subject . However , more mature reflection , as well as the arguments which he had heard offered that night , convinced him that his first opinion was erroneous . The house were in the strange situation of hearing a trial , in which there was no ostensible prosecutor ; for the persons who acted in that capacity , from very laudable motives he would admit , sat amongst them as judges . He was clearly of opinion , that the proceedings should have originated in the other house . His lordship quoted the case of judge Cleland , who had been guilty of the same offence imputed to Mr. justice Fox ; namely , imposing an exorbitant fine on the county of Essex . But how did the county proceed ? Why , they resisted the payment , and so brought the conduct of the judge to legal investigation . differed in opinion with the noble lord who had just spoken . He felt , that the inquisitorial power had been properly placed in their hands , and he wished to see it exercised . The commons were , in fact , privy to the proceedings against the learned judge , for they had given their consent to a bill for continuing them . repeated his former objections to proceeding . From the first time the subject was introduced in the house , he strove , to the utmost of his poor abilities , to point out to their lordships the injustice and inconsistency in which they were about to involve themselves . He thought , from the discussion of that night , that he was likely to see an end of the measure . considered the motion as calculated to get rid of the proceeding altogether , and therefore by no means likely to satisfy the feelings of the people of Ireland . There , he was fearful , their lordships determination would be considered as a denial of justice . said , nothing had been ur- 772 ged to induce him to alter the opinion which he had so often taken the liberty of offering to their lordships on this subject . He contended , that the effect of the motion would not be to get rid of the proceedings altogether . It was competent for the other house to take it up , and send it up before their lordships , in a regular and constitutional manner . thought it would be a great hardship on the learned judge , if he were deprived of an opportunity of vindicating his conduct , and coming to parliament for remuneration of his expences ; in case his innocence of the charges should be made manifest.—The house then divided on lord Grenville 's motion , for taking the charges into consideration on that day two months , Contents 25 ; Noncontents 16 ; Majority 9. moved the order of the day for a committee of the whole house on the Irish Election bill . On the question that the Speaker do leave the chair being put begged to be informed by the right hon . baronet , whether he proposed to go into the committee pro forma , for the purpose of filling up the blanks , with a view to have the bill afterwards printed , and to allow sufficient time to gentlemen to consider its provisions before they should be called upon to decide