manufactures . begged leave to add a few words , in order to ascertain , beyond misconception , the object he had in view . In the way of the suggestion he had proposed , and which , he understood , was admitted , there were certainly difficulties , but not insurmountable ones . The average prices of corn in Ireland , by which its export and import were to be regulated , could be communicated to every outport in the kingdom in five days after quarter-day . Nearly the same expedition could be obtained , in a similar communication , to the outports of Great Britain , with respect to the average prices here : but , in placing both countries mutually under the same regulations , a longer delay must necessarily occur . Much of the difficulty , however , would be removed , by consulting the aid of experienced and practical men ; which might be done during the progress of the bill.—Lord Archibald Hamilton said a few words in approbation of the measure ; after which sir John Newport moved , that the chairman be instructed to move the house for leave to bring in the bill ; which was agreed to . The Irish First Fruits bill was read a 3d time and passed ; and a message sent to the commons , to acquaint them therewith.— The Property Duty bill , the Irish Sugar bill , and the Irish Additional Force Repeal bill , passed through committees , and were reported.— Lord Auckland presented the report of the board of trade made in 1784 , relative to the trade between the West Indies and America ; which was ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . — Strangers were ordered to withdraw ; and the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord viscount Melville was resumed . Their lordships continued in discussion till eleven o'clock ; when the further consideration of the subject was deferred till Monday ; on which day the judges were again ordered to attend . Lord Muncaster took the oaths , and his seat for the county of Westmoreland , in the room of sir Michael Le 523 Fleming , deceased . — A message from the lords acquainted the house , that the lords had agreed to the Irish First Fruits bill , the Irish Revenue Collection bill , and the Irish Malt Duty Regulation bill , without any amendment.— On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , there was ordered to be laid before the house , a report of the experiments made to ascertain the comparative strength of malt , barley , and bigg , in Scotland . He then brought up the report , and on account of the accuracy and importance of the experiments which it detailed , moved , that the report be printed ; which was ordered accordingly.— Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee of the whole house , containing certain resolutions respecting duties on distillers in Scotland , and a bill was ordered to be brought in accordingly.— Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report on the Dublin Paving bill , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time on Monday next . moved the order of the day for the house to resolve itself into a committee of ways and means , for the purpose of postponing it to Monday next . The order of the day being read , felt it necessary , before he should move that the house do resolve itself into that committee on Monday next , to say a few words with respect to the motion which it had been his intention to submit to the house in the committee this day , but which he deemed it expedient to postpone for the present . He begged it , however , to be understood , that Any change that had taken place in his mind on this subject , had not arisen from any idea of abandonﬂent of the principle of the tax , the equity and fairness of which were in his mind indisputable