, the hon . member who introduced the bill , declared that , `` whatever might be the differences of opinion respecting the propriety of the Company 's seizing the revenues of the Carnatic , all must allow that they , who had them , ought to be answerable for the debts upon them , as long as those revenues were equal to the just demands upon them . '' But what is the evidence of a , just demand ? —The bonds of a nabob given to a supposed private creditor . In the year 1784 , a principle of the same sort was set up and maintained ; and , if it had prevailed , would soon have absorbed all the public revenue , and left nothing to pay the civil or military establishment . Mr. Burke 's answer to it will satisfy any man , who knows any thing of the matter . `` The gentlemen on the other side of the house , know as well as I do , that the nabob of Arcot and his creditors are not adversaries , but collusive parties , and that the whole transaction is under a false colour and false names . He is always ready to deliver up his territory and his subjects ( even while they were his ) to these pretended creditors . `` The Directors tell us , that the private creditors of the nabobs could have no lien upon the territory , nor any claim on the company as possessors of the Carnatic ; and that this was the opinion of the Company 's counsel . It is proper the house should know that these Indian princes have two treasuries , one private and peculiar , the other public , which , ever since they have fallen under British protection , they have carefully endeavoured to keep distinct . They never pay any thing out of their private purse , but in extreme necessity ; but they care very little how they load the public revenue . Between a private loan and a public debt , they pocket all that they can borrow , and they pay nothing . By giving bonds , they get rid of importunity , or they gain friends , or they unite their creditors in a common cause with them ; and , when the management of the 'territorial revenue is taken out of their hands , for these very abuses among the rest , these debts are brought forward as a just demand on that revenue . The chairman and deputy chairman of the Court of Directors , in their report of the 946 26th of Sept. 1804 , observe , `` that scarcely any other state ever furnished an example of the systematic extravagance of the nabob in coming under engagements , compared with his means of fulfilment . `` I say , it was his system , and not his extravagance . I believe , sir , I have said enough to shew that this is a public question , and that a public interest is invoked in it . If so , the house of commons is bound to keep a watchful eye over the whole transaction . If once you let it out of your sight , I do not say that you may not safely rely on the integrity of the present commissioners , but the trust may devolve to others , whom you know nothing of , and who may easily take care that you shall know nothing of their proceedings . As soon as these claims , or any material portion of them shall be established , or as soon as it is known in India that parliament has given its countenance to them by passing the present bill , you will hear of other debtors , and of other creditors of the same quality . There are claims against the rajah of Tanjore and the nabob of Oude , and perhaps many other Indian princes , which only wait for the decision of this day to come forward on the same ground , and to demand satisfaction on the