so rude and savage as represented , let us rather endeavour to civilize them , and by a. just and equitable traffic form their minds to the pursuits of civilized life . In respect to the clause prohibiting and restricting to neutrals the use of British commodities in the conduct of this trade , he thought it was perfectly fair that what was prevented from being done in British bottoms , should also be prevented in the case of other vessels trading with Great Britain . If the law was not to be evaded by our own subjects , neither should it be permitted to vessels sailing from our ports . Time was asked for enquiry , but that request had been made for these 18 years ; and if that was not enough , he was afraid a period would be necessary , no way proportionate to the duration of human life . said , he had never objected to the abolition of the slave trade in any shape in which interest was to be viewed on the one side , and humanity on 234 the other . He had always admitted , that if interest and humanity , really so called , were to be opposed , there could be no difference of opinion . But on this subject there was another question , Who were the persons to be injured , and to what amount ? He was prepared to meet any noble lord whenever the question should come regularly before the house on its general merits , but at present it was necessary to confine himself to the objects of the bill . He made some observations on the order of council , and as a means of setting some bounds to the trade and the consumption of capital , he thought it fairly justifiable . Most of the enemy 's settlements , he said , were cultivated by British capital , which would defeat , he thought , the object of the bill . Most 6f the enemy 's islands we had taken possession of were in a great measure occupied by British . There was a great deal of British property invested in Cuba . The noble lord explained the causes of these facts , and argued that in this case we should be injuring British property by passing the bill . The capital we now employed in this trade , would be transferred to other places where the trade would be carried on . In point of humanity , he insisted we ought to prevent this necessary consequence of the measure , as it could be no-where carried on with a greater regard to the rights of humanity than under the regulations already established by parliament . The noble lord then adverted to most of the arguments that had been employed in the course of the evening , and concluded by stating , that the doubts he had altogether , respecting the operation of the bill , induced hint to give it his opposition . supported the bill in a variety of arguments , and adverting to the speech of a noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , expressed his astonishment , that any noble lord who had supported and approved of the same measure in the shape of an order of council , should oppose this bill , unless it was that they ' proceeded front different men . explained , and was referring particularly to what had fallen from the learned lord who had just spoken ; when on the authority of a standing order of the house , called the learned lord to order . expressed the greatest abhorrence of the infamous and disgraceful 235 traffic , and approved of the bill , as , independently of the policy of the ease , it operated as a considerable means of its gradual and progressive abolition . spoke at considerable length against the bill ; and , among a variety of other arguments , urged that the more wealthy those islands were which we had conquered from the enemy , they would be the better calculated to become the purchasers