campaign in Egypt , in which British gallantry was as conspicuous as in the proudest period of our history , and yet he could appeal to many officers now in the house , whether a considerable part of that army was not enlisted for limited service ? It had been . asserted that the practice of enlisting for limited service did not prevail among any of the great military powers of Europe . Were he not fearful of fatiguing the house , he would read the ordonnances which had been from time to time published in France , and he would prove from them , that from the year 1684 down to the French revolution , the principle had been recognized , and resorted to in that country . Indeed , the great marshal Saxe , no ordinary authority on such subjects , had expressly recommended that no man should be enlisted or more than five years . It was true , as it had been observed on the other side , that when general Washington took the command of the American army , the period of service was only for a year ; but it was not to that , short as it was , that he 449 attributed its want of discipline , but to the notions of equality that it had imbibed ; notions , perhaps , inseparable from the cause for which they were contending . It was these notions which made the men disobedient to their officers , and not the limited service . To those who apprehended danger from discharging the men in case of invasion , he would observe , that in that event not a single man would be discharged . So far from it , his majesty would be entitled to call for the services of every man in the kingdom capable of bearing arms . The right hon . gent . appeared to rely much upon the mutiny which broke out about the end of the American war in a regiment enlisted for limited service ; but that mutiny , he would contend , was produced by a gross and flagrant breach of faith in the government . See the facts of the case . The men were enlisted during the , war . Preliminaries of peace had been signed , and yet , in the interval between these and the ratification of peace , the regiment received orders to embark for the East Indies . How was it possible for men , so circumstanced , to receive the benefit of the terms upon which they entered ? It was also to be observed , that it was not so much a vast increase of numerical strength , as an addition of military character that we wanted ; for while other nations had occasion to send almost their whole army into the field , our history shewed that at all times of foreign war we fought only by detachments , and . wanted , for that reason , but a small well-chosen band . If the safety of the country should come to be at stake , we had a most powerful resource , more than any nation of slaves could have , namely , that of the exercise of the royal privilege , calling on a nation of free men to rise in arms for the defence of their privileges , their own liberties , and every thing that could be dear to men . Another consideration seemed to be urged with particular confidence by the right hon . gent . as to the difficulties in which the country would be placed , in the event of not having a sufficient army for the defence of the country , in case any material part of our force should come to be discharged under the operation of this clause : but the right hon . gent . should have in view , that we had other means of defence more than sufficient to counterbalance any evil of that sort . Before , however , he described these means , he would tell the right hon . gent . he ought