which should be allowed to be imported from Tortola into this country . He had considered the objections of the right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Rose ) on this head , and had endeavoured to retrieve them by several amendments , which he should propose . He then moved that the bill be now recommitted.—The house then resolved itself into a committee ; when repeated his former and added , he could see no reason for the bill ; but the noble lord had made a blunder , and did not like to give up the bill ; lest it should be discovered . If the noble lord would give a single good reason for the he would no more open his lips about it . said , the right hon . gent . was mistaken ; he had made no blunder , and as to his motive , he could have but One , the currying into effect a. measure which justice and equity required . The ground on which he proposed the bill was to make British merchants vest their capital in Tortola , which they now do in the neutral island of St. Thomas . said , this bill , or a similar one had been in force for 3 years , and the 254 merchants knew it produced no effect at all . The noble lord had Certainly Mistaken the object of his own bill . said , the bill had been repealed early in the third year , and taking the time before it operated , it had been in operation no more than one year . insisted it had been in force three complete seasons , and if now passed into a law , might have the effect of bringing into this country an incalculable quantity of foreign sugars.—After a few observations from Mr. Vansittart , and Mr. Perceval , the clause was agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . moved for leave to bring in a bill for regulating the revenue of customs and excise in Ireland . To shew the necessity of this Measure , he stated that the Customs and excise were still under the management of the same number of commissioners that had been appointed in 1704 , when they produced only 284,000l. , while their present Produce might be estimated at 3,500,006l . The different boards had been found insufficient to transact the necessary business With the same accuracy as in this country , and their various departnients Were not sufficiently subdivided . This had arisen from the multiplicity of the business , compared with the smallness of their number . It was also proposed to commit the trial of revenue causes to the commissioners , which would still further increase their labours . It was , therefore , intended that some addition to their number should be made . The motion was then agreed to . moved for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the Irish Additional Force act . He observed that the act , as far as it respected this country , having been repealed , after it very full discussion , it would not be necessary for him to say much on the subject ; but it might be asserted with truth , that all the objections to the act , as applicable to this country , applied with additional weight to the case of Ireland . There , parochial aid could not be generally had recourse to , many parishes there were no parish officers whatever . Accordingly the practice of raising men by bounties , which the act was designed to prevent , was almost universally followed . In some parts of the country , the quota of men were raised by individuals employed for the purpose , who received a premium at so much per head . 255 Very great difficulties also had arisen in raising the penalties under the act ; and upon the whole , the general objections to the act applied to Ireland even more strongly than they did to this country.—Leave was then granted accordingly .