the subject . Every paper that had been ordered , was already before the house ; and if the hon . gent . who alluded to this subject yesterday , thought proper to move for others , they would , if forthcoming , be immediately granted . Here the hon . member read the papers relative to the volunteers , which had been written from the Secretary of State 's Office since Jan. last ; and expressed his readiness to accede to any motion that might be made for their production . The hon . member took notice of the order for regular returns from the several Volunteer corps , with which order the corps under the command of the hon . gent . had not complied ; and before the hon . gent . had ventured to charge a public officer with neglect of duty , he ought to have taken care , if not to perform his own public duty , at least to be better informed as to the attention of others to that point . disclaimed the intention of imputing any neglect to the officer to whom the hon . member alluded ; the hon . gent , would be glad to have all the volunteers on the same establishment , and therefore did not object to the proposed change . As to the returns which ought to have been made from the corps under his command , he had to state that although the commander of 5 or 6 battalions , he left altogether the drawing of pay and the making of returns to the commanders of the several battalions , he be- 838 ing himself unable to attend to such things , from his connection with the militia , with whom he generally was out of the county in which the volunteers alluded to were stationed . The hon . gent . concluded with moving for Copies of the Letters addressed by Mr. Smyth , of the Secretary of State 's Office , to Mr. Moore , of the War Office , dated Jan. 27 , and Feb. 1 ; and . also of that addressed by earl Spencer to the Secretary at War , in March last.— The two first letters were ordered , and upon the motion being put as to the last , expressed a hope that the volunteers would know ere long , upon what footing they were to stand , as much confusion resulted from the uncertainty in which they were at present placed . Indeed the evil was such , that he could with difficulty contrive to keep quiet the corps over which he had any influence , until their fate should be known . Perhaps this uneasiness might have arisen from misrepresentation , but certainly the regulations respecting the volunteers ought to be announced with all convenient expedition . was surprised that any such uncertainty should prevail , as the hon . gent . alluded to . For it was already very explicitly declared , that among that great majority of the volunteers , who were on the August allowance , no change whatever had taken place , excepting the reduction of the drill serjeant 's pay . And as to those on the June allowances , the intended change was very fully understood . With regard to the other point in the hon . gents ' . speech upon the subject of the future regulations of the volunteers , they were of course to act upon the regulations at present existing , until the new regulations were communicated to them . These new regulations were already in a very forward train , and would be sent to the several corps as soon as they could be prepared . Upon the conduct of the hon . gent . or his corps , he meant to make no other remark than was warranted by fact . As to drawing for pay , he could not say that the hon . gents ' . sub-commanders had neglected their duty upon that point , nor , indeed , did he ever hear of any volunteer officers who were at all