Secretary at War having been ordered to be referred to the committee of Supply , the house resolved itself into the said committee , in which , on the motion of the secretary 74 at War , the Army Estimates were voted for a month , from the 24th instant , in the same proportion as those for the last three months . The house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received tomorrow . brought up the Report of the committee on this bill ; which being read . said , that during the progress of this bill , he had not hitherto troubled the house with a single observation nor should he say more than a few words at present . He had voted against this bill on its first introduction , because he thought it was a bad measure ; but bad as it was , he liked it better than the outline which was given of that now in contemplation ; and he wished to give notice , that should the new bill be no better than what was to be expected from the opening , he should think it his duty to oppose it from day to day . observed , that the fines which had been levied were the property of the public , and ought not to be returned . Besides , they would never return to the pockets of the individuals from whom they were taken . thought the bill , with this clause attached to it , even more dangerous than he had formerly considered it . He hoped there would be no objection to print it . There Would he a difficulty in the repaying , of which the rt . hon . gent . did not seem to be aware . did not think there was any occasion to print it , as the house was perfectly in possession of the objectionable clause . However if it was thought a material object , he would not object.—The bill was then ordered to be printed as amended , and to be read a third time on Tuesday . The order of the day having been read for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the Iron Duty bill , lord H Petty moved that the Speaker do now leave the chair . rose with great reluctance to oppose this measure , but he trusted the house would do him the justice to believe , that no light grounds would induce him to throw any impediment in the way of government , at a moment like the present . Without entering into any details , he thought that the very first and most general view of the subject , ought to he sufficient to warrant him in calling on ministers to abandon this tax , and adopt some one less 75 injurious to the interests of the Empire It had hitherto been our uniform policy , not to tax articles that were the staple commodities of the country , such as iron , coals or wood . Of all these staple commodities he considered iron to be the most important ; any tax on that article would be injurious to the general interest , but the operation of the tax proposed by the noble lord peculiarly so . The noble lord proposed to lay an equal duty on iron of all qualities . Now , there was a variation of at least 50 per cent . in the value of different kinds of iron , how , therefore , could this proposition be reconciled with the principles of justice ? The uses of iron were so multiplied , that it was probable they did not enter into the noble lord 's contemplation . He would first consider iron of the lowest quality . In the article of iron railways from mines , the operation of the tax would increase the expence of such rail ways 700l . a mile , an expence which would almost amount to a prohibition of them . It had been found desirable to abolish wooden railways for the purpose of substituting