myself of this opportunity to solicit the attention of the house . I am desirous to abstain from all party allusions ; and never wish to censure those who , from early attachment , and long habit , feel a peculiar ardour of affection for the late right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) ; but , whether the hon . general belongs to that number , I will not pretend to determine . I think that gallant officer was not perfectly correct , when he ascribed the impassioned exclamation of the late minister to his regret that the affairs of the empire should be consigned to the present servants of the crown : that eminent person , no doubt , fully expected that his own companions in office would remain in power , and , under this painful reflection , his anxiety for his country is fully explained ; for what would have become of it in such hands , is sufficiently obvious . As to the measures that have been brought forward for the defence of the country , I have absented myself from the house whilst they have been under discussion , because of my opinion upon them . They were not the measures of my right hon . friend , but of the whole of his majesty 's cabinet ; and when founded on authorities which I so 1111 highly respect , I did not think it becoming of me to oppose them . I have not yet expressed my views of this military subject ; but it may easily be expected of me declare , that the defence of the kingdom ought not to be entrusted , exclusively , to a regular army ; and history has instructed us , that there never was a but country which preserved its liberties , that , exposed itself to this danger ; nor , sir , I fairly say , would I , on any occasion , give my vote to deduct one man from the great constitutional force—the militia . Acting under the influence of similar principles , I have always resisted the compulsory bills , stating it to be the undoubted prerogative of his majesty , to select any individuals from the great body of the community , to place them in the ranks of the regular army , and to send them to any part of the kingdom . It is true , the judges , and some public offic , were excepted ; but the whole of such a bill should become a dead letter . It is not necessary that I should now state my opinion on that subject ; but I wish distinctly to be understood , that , with regard to the volunteers , I never shall vary my sentiments . I did , before , move the thanks of the house to that meritorious body ; and , in so doing , I gave them a pledge of the spirit in which I would support their interests , character , and dignity . If , sir , they deserved this mark of public feeling , merely for the promptitude with which they stepped forward for the defence of the state , how much higher are their claims to merit , when they have done that service which they , then , only intimated a disposi- tion to perform ! With respect to the drill serjeants , and some other minor matters of regulation , it may be eligible to leave these in the hands to which such subjects are officially committed . But I think , that the reports of the military inspectors have been treated with a degree of levity which is neither candid nor decent . Are we to say , that the general officers are chargeable with misrepresentation , in order to deceive government , to lull ministers into a consciousness of security which is fallacious ; or are we to presume , that as honourable men , as gentlemen and officers , they do render the accounts now upon your not aware , how those who concurred in . table ? If these