house that the latter mode should in no case be adopted , but that measures should he taken to preclude the furnishing of supplies from America , in cases where it was found impossible for the West India colonies to do without them , I should understand the eagerness with which this measure is supported . But in arguing this quest on , I think myself at liberty to put the West India supplies entirely out of my consideration , not because I think them of on importance , but because they are no-wise affected by this bill . Whether this bill passes or not , the West India interest may be equally well secured , as it has hither to been by the continuance of the discretionary power of the governors of the colonies . I desire to know in what instance the exercise of this discretionary power of the governors has been either rashly checked or severely enquired into ; in what instance the responsibility attached to that exercise of power has prevented any governor from exercising it in case of necessity ; what instance the exercise of that power , with that responsibility attached to it , has failed to receive the sanction of parliament , and an indemnity by law . So confidently is this indemnity anticipated by the present government , that there is now on the table of this house a letter of the secretary of state , on which I shall have occasion to remark bye and bye , promising on behalf of parliament what he calls the usual indemnity to all the governors who are called upon to act under it . If then there has been no disposition shewn to prevent the exercise of this discretionary power upon all occasions , which appear to require it ; if there be no 715 intention in any quarter either to abridge that power , or to enforce more severely the responsibility attached to the exercise of it , there can be no necessity for the bill now before us . There can be nothing like a necessity for an act to provide for the doing of that which perpetually has been done , and as constantly sanctioned whenever the occasion for it has occurred.—My hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , is stated by the hon . and learned gent . to have admitted ( and as a general truth it undoubtedly must be admitted ) that when a necessity is so constant , and so urgent that you can not escape out of it , you should endeavour to provide some permanent remedy applicable to the continuance of such necessity ; and the hon . and learned gent . triumphs in this admission . But where is the ground for that triumph ? The admission concedes nothing . My hon . friend says , that where the necessity is constant , some permanent remedy should be applied ; but that is so far from being an admission of the propriety of passing this bill , that it is a direct condemnation of it . For if the authors and supporters of this bill are to be credited , it is according to their own statement nothing more than a temporary remedy ; they themselves say this bill is not an abrogation , but a suspension merely of the acts of parliament which regulate our navigation system , not a permanent but a temporary law . —My hon . friend contends , that for a permanent evil there ought to be provided a permanent remedy ; and that to ascertain the extent of the evil , and to enable yourselves to judge of the fitness of the remedy , you ought in the first place to investigate the whole subject carefully and diligently , to get together and digest all the information that can be collected upon it . The authors of this bill refuse all enquiry , reject all means of information , and propose to pass a law , of which their best defence is that it is only temporary ; and doing this , the hon .