had been issued to them into the proper office , they should be considered as so far acquitted . There now remained only to state the authority which was to be committed to those commissioners . The nature of this authority was to remain as before , but to be extended over all persons who had the care of stores , & c. all which persons they should be empowered to call before them . In addition to this , it was proposed that the comptrollers of the army should have the power of calling all persons before them who were concerned in the military expenditure of the country , and their powers were to be placed exactly on time same footing as they were when the commission was first created in the reign of queen Anne . These comptrollers were to be the advisers of the treasury in all matters connected with the military expenditure , and in case any persons for whom they called should refuse to appear , which he was told was sometimes the case , they should have the power of imposing a fine on all such persons . There was one thing more which it was incumbent on him to state , and that was , that where time stores were embezzled , a valuation was to be made , and the persons who had the care of those stores were to be charged with the amount according to the valuation . He had now stated the principal particulars of the plan which it was proposed to carry into execu- 795 ion , for the auditing of the public accounts . If any thing further could be suggested for this great object , it would be thankfully attended to . As to the importance of getting rid of this mass of accounts it was too obvious to require any comment . But as to the patronage that might thus he conferred on the treasury , that was a point which he wished to be thoroughly investigated , as an opinion seemed to be entertained by some that there was a design in this to augment the patronage of the treasury . All he could say at present was , that both his noble friend ( Grenville ) , and he himself , were extremely anxious to avoid any thing that could have the tendency of giving patronage to the treasury , and if there could be any other mode by which the end proposed could be effectually answered , that mode would he gladly adopted . But What scheme could be proposed , that could be equally well calculated to attain the desired object , and yet keep free of the alledged objections , he could not at present possibly conceive . In addition to that he could safely say , that the utmost attention had been paid to the means of limiting that patronage as much as it could be done in consistency with the attainment of the object of the measure . He had stated how the commissioners were to he replaced till they were reduced to five in number ; and as to inspectors , for some inspectors there must of necessity be , it was intended to select them entirely on account of their merits , and the selection would be made from the most meritorious commissaries on half-pay , by which means the whole amount of their half-pay would be saved to the public . The examiners would be taken from the clerks now belonging to the boards , and every thing wooed be done to render the measure as economical and efficacious as possible . With regard to a large class of accounts , he had been told that they were subject to no risk , and that they were only mentioned with a view to swell the list of the commissioners . That some of the accounts were of this description he was by no means disposed to deny ; but still the labours must be gone through , and these accounts must he examined . But as to the point of risk , it sometimes happened