Fellowes then moved that the bill be read a third time . Mr. Paterson opposed it on the grounds that from the reduced state of the town in point of trade and opulence , and the pressure of a variety of pecuniary burthens , this was not the proper time for it . After a few observations , however , from Mr. Fellowes , Mr. W. Smith , and Mr. S. Le Fevre , the bill was read a 3d time and passed.—Sir John Anderson presented a petition from the London Dock directors against the East London Water-works bill . Ordered to lie on the table.—On the motion of lord Temple , it was ordered that the house should , at its rising , adjourn till Thursday . though the second reading of the American Intercourse bill stood for Thursday , hoped that it would not come on so soon , as parliament ought not to be pressed to decide upon it before it was in possession of the requisite information . He thought the house should be in possession of the instructions given to the governors of the West-India islands , by the late administration , which he considered as consonant with the soundest principles of the navigation act . He also wished to have those instructions which had been subsequently , sent ; and concluded by moving , that the instructions sent to the governors of the West-India islands , relative to the American intercourse , of the 5th September , 1804 , should be laid before the house ; as also copies of any instructions subsequently sent . had no objection to the papers ; but as to the postponing of the second reading of the bill , if he did that , it would be on account of the state of the public business , and not on account of any argument urged by the noble lord . He contended that the bill ought to pass with all convenient speed . observed , that though it did not pass this session , the West-India colonies would only be in the same situation that they had been in for the last thirteen years . He did not , therefore , see any particular necessity for pressing the bill forward with any great haste . He did not see the propriety of the noble lord urging it on by that command which his situation gave him over the house , before the proper information was produced . said , that it was irregular 508 to say that the noble lord had a command over the house . in explanation , said , that he did not see where the irregularity was in saying , that the noble lord 's situation and eloquence gave him great influence in the house . observed , that if the hon . and learned gent . had not used the word command , he would beg his pardon . wished to know whether it was the intention of the noble lord to postpone the second reading of the bill beyond Thursday . He adverted to the petitions that had been presented , and the great interests that were concerned in this business . If a committee was granted him , he undertook to finish the evidence up stairs in three days . He had , during the last few months , seen the most extraordinary measures that ever he had observed in parliament ; but this was the most extraordinary of them all . His lordship had expressed his doubts whether he would postpone it upon the arguments of the noble lord near him . This was the most extraordinary language , and such as was seldom heard in that house . in explanation , said , that his doubts as to postponing it arose from the state of business before the house ; and he had expressly said that this was the ground of his doubt , and not any argument of the noble lord . As to the merits of the case , the right hon . gent . 's proposition for a committee would have been perfectly proper had the