hon . friend should be attended to . observed , that the suggestion of the right hon . gentleman had been anticipated by the plan which he had just proposed . said , that Would not answer his purpose ; what he wished Was to establish a complete audit . rose to express his most hearty and sincere thanks to the noble lord , for having explained so ably the atrocious corruption which had been carried on for the last twenty years , in the expenditure of the public money . He hoped and trusted the noble lord would appoint a fourth commission , to enquire into and return the names of those members of the different administrations which had , for the last 20 years , suffered such monstrous abuses and corruption to exist . He hoped , however , that since the noble lord had taken it up , 307 he would endeavour to prevent the like from happening again . There must be great blame somewhere , and he hoped the chancellor of the exchequer would take care to trace it to those who had incurred that blame.—The question was then put , and leave was given to bring in the bill . The house resolved itself into a committee of supply , to which were referred the papers presented on the 15th by the secretary at war . then rose to move his resolutions grounded on those estimates . The right hon . gent. , in many parts of his speech , spoke in so low a tone , that it was impossible to hear him distinctly . The estimates of the present year differed , he said , but little in their amount from those of the preceding year . He could not withhold his tribute of praise from the illustrious Commander in Chief , under whose auspices the army had been raised to its present excellent state ; and which it was the object of his majesty 's government to preserve , and , if possible , to augment . In preparing the estimates for the present year , they had turned their attention to what all men , conversant in military affairs , knew to be one of the great leading principles of economy , and that was to make the disproportion between the real effective army , and the number voted , as small as possible . If it did not appear in the present estimates that there was a considerable diminution of expence , it was because many augmentations had taken place in the course of the last year , particularly in the cavalry , the ordnance , and the waggon-train , a considerable diminution in the expence of which was now proposed . In the cavalry , the regiments were to be reduced from 1000 to 800 . The foot-guards were to be reduced from 140 men a company to 130 , and the waggon-train was to undergo a diminution of 1728 men . The difference which this would make in the estimates of the present year Would be as follows : saving , by reductions in cavalry , 255,000l . ; ditto , foot-guards , 18,000l . ; ditto , waggon-train , 90,000l . ; total saving by reductions , 363,000l . In the whole of the estimate ( including the volunteers ) , there would be a diminution of 934,192l . ; from which , the diminution With respect to the expence of volunteers was subtracted , which amounted to 472,000l. , there would remain 462,192l . as the total diminution of expences , in consequence of the reductions to be made . requested the right hon . gent . to state the items which made up this total sum . He could understand how the 363,000l . might be saved by the reductions in the cavalry , the foot-guards , and the waggon-train ; but he could not see what was to swell this sum to 934,192l . continued , and said that he hoped , in the course of his statement , to satisfy the hon . general . He should first proceed to state the