gent . If that may not be , let us contrast , the whimsical , fanciful , visionary reveries of this same speculative marshal , with . the solid practical judgment and profound military knowledge of the right hon . gent . Marshal . Saxe did not reckon upon the re-enlistment ; the right hon . gent . does : —but I think the right hon . gent . must at least agree with Marshal Saxe , that if the re-enlistments do not . take place , and if , good faith is kept as to the discharge , and if the mere prospect of that discharge has not been found sufficient here , as it was not found sufficient in France , to keep up the army by voluntary enlistment to the establishment requisite for war ; the right hon . gent. , I say , must see , as Marshal Saxe did , that some other means then must be resorted to ; and in the state of things which the right hon . gent . 's system will have produced , after it has been a few years in full operation , I should be , glad to know what expedient for that purpose the right hon . gent . himself has in view . short of conscription . The right hon . gent . has told us very truly , that there are but three ways by which a military force can be raised ; either by voluntary enrolment , or by compulsory ; or by a mixture of the two . The compulsory enrolment he deprecates ; cuncta prius tentanda ; he would resort to it only in the last extremity ; but my complaint against the right hon . gent . 's system is , that it tends directly 469 and inevitably to bring this extremity upon us . It is against all experience that voluntary enrolment alone should suffice for all the military purposes of a great nation ; there is no instance in the world in which it has been found sufficient . Recognizing this truth , we have in this country had recourse to a mixture of compulsory service ; we have applied compulsion in its most mitigated form , and to borne service only ; for foreign service we have recruited by voluntary enlistment , but finding the difficulty of filling our ranks by those means , we have not hitherto thought it wise to increase that difficulty by multiplying threefold the opportunities of quitting the service . This the right hon . gent . now proposes to do . He proposes , in addition , to discourage , more or less , —in some instances he has suspended , and in some he has abandoned , the modes of compulsory enlistment . I ask him , if his theory should fail , what refuge has he left him but conscription ? I say that his attempt to square every thing to a theory will lead to the necessity , at some time or other , of employing rude force ; that his delicate and fastidious refinements will be the parent of a severe and undiscriminating necessity . It will be too late to retread our steps when the hour of that necessity arrives . In God 's name , let us not precipitate it ; at least , let us not be persuaded to do so , by such arguments as we have heard this night ! What argument in fact have we heard upon this subject , to solve the obvious difficulties which are in every body 's mind , but more especially that difficulty which of itself is conclusive against the adoption of the right hon . gent . 's system , as a general system , and which I have reserved to this period of what I had to say , as that which distinguishes the case of this country from that of any other ; and as that to which , unsatisfactory as the answers from the other side of the house have been upon every other point , they are so peculiarly and singularly