she lost about 2000 men : but , supposing that the seat of war with the enemy should be in England or Ireland , it was clear that if ever the enemy were able to effect such an invasion , it must be with an immense force , and we must be prepared to reckon upon a probable loss of even 30,000 men in the first few battles . How then was the system of the rt . hon . gent . to provide for such a contingency , and supply such a loss , when the salvation of the empire might depend upon a critical moment ? It was impossible to excuse the pertinacity of the rt . hon . gent . and those who supported him , in continuing to advise his majesty to the adoption of a system which they knew in their hearts was precarious , uncertain , and therefore dangerous , and to abandon one which had been found adequate to every good purpose . He could only account for it by supposing them infatuated with a foolish persuasion , that now , when they were his majesty 's sworn servants and counsellors , they were bound by some former pledge to carry into operation those 129 wild theories they had suggested while out of office , to embarrass those ministers whose places they now filled . But , upon themselves would fall the heavy responsibility for any ill consequences resulting to the country from those philosophical theories and sentimental speculations , with which they had amused their fancies , upon the feelings and opinions of common soldiers . For his own part , he would not agree to surrender the present bill without something obviously better to put in its place . He never would consent to abandon the system which had upheld the force of this country since the revolution , in complaisance to any system adopted in France , Germany , or elsewhere ; he never would consent to relinquish the balloting system in times like these , which had proved so certain and efficient in strengthening our armies . And as to raising a militia without it , if he could suppose it possible that any minister would advise his majesty to such a measure , without the sanction of an act of parliament , and that any failure of the public safety should be the consequence , he did not hesitate to say , that such ministers would deserve to lose their heads . considered the bill for the repeal of the Additional Force act not as part of the right hon . gent 's . plan , but as making way for it . When this impediment was removed the plan would come after . The Additional Force act was a bad measure , and therefore , it was right to get rid of it . This he said , considering it without reference to any thing else . If it had not produced the men by the exertions of the parish officers , but by a competition which checked the ordinary recruiting , the mischief was evident . The act is was said , had become operative from the time that it had been explained by the inspecting field officers . He disliked this explanation . These were not the constitutional explainers but the deputy lieutenants . They were better explainers to the crimps than to the parish officers , and therefore the men were not had for less than 26 guineas . If a reduction was not made in this , the country would not have less than 5 million to expend in bounties . It was not only a more efficient system that was necessary , but a more economical one . The improvement of the condition of the soldier would afford great inducements to enter into the service . The limitation of the term would also attract greater numbers , and better men . These things would tend to im- 130 prove the character of the soldier , which was also a most essential point . did not feel himself called upon to enter at