allowed to afford the explanation he wished for . said , that if he was not allowed to explain , he must withdraw his seconding the motion . He thought , that in seconding a motion , he was entitled to give his reasons for doing so . said , he never knew that the canteens were made private property , but were always accounted for to government . replied , that though some of these canteens produced a rent of 1500l . a year , very little of the money was accounted for to government . The brewers often gave money to the barrack-master , for permission to sell their beer in them , by which the public were defrauded in the revenue ; and it was farther increased , by the sale of nothing but smuggled spirits in them , not only in the Isle of Wight , but even in the county where the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) resided ! —This motion as well as the former were agreed to . next observed , that the subject of his next motion was of great importance to the public interest , as he would , if permitted , prove at their bar , that the rent of the canteens , and the sale of manure alone , would , if properly accounted for , defray the whole of the rents paid for the barracks . Sonic parts of the information which he had received , were almost too bad to mention to the house . Amongst the abuses in that department , he would state , that a Mrs. Parker , who , it seemed , was a favoured friend of major Lewis , had hired a house of a tailor for 30l . a year , and through his interest let it for barracks at 70l . When questioned on the subject , she said , `` As I find every one robbing government , I do not see why I may not have a little in the scramble . '' He then made a detailed motion relative to the 1184 dung , ashes , broken straw , & c. & c. sold ; which motion was negatived . moved the third reading of the Militia Officers ' bill . observed , that the reason why he had given notice , the preceding day , of his intention to take the sense of the house on the third reacting that day , was , with a view to have a fuller attendance ; the material objection to the bill , which he had before stated , was the lateness of the period to which it was brought . Considering that the militia had till now been on the same footing , as to pay , with the army ; that most of the militia officers were now absent on other duties ; that none of those who remained had voted with ministers on this question , while several voted against them ; and that two servants of the public , the one paymaster of the forces ( lord Temple ) and the other a person belonging to the ordnance , both officers of the militia , had opposed the bill , he thought the house ought to pause before it assented to it . He was sorry that he did not see those persons now present . But still he must give as much opposition to this impolitic measure as he could . He had already stated the inexpediency of bringing forward such a measure at this late period of the session . The only argument which was urged for departing from the established system , was , the point of economy , which , in this instance , was quite paltry ; and setting the lateness of the period out of the question , it was not such as to make it worth while , on this account , to run the risk of giving dissatisfaction to the militia officers . But when we were at war , and in possession of the services of these men , it was impolitic