he could by no means follow him that length . He was convinced , it there were ; among ourselves , any enemies to the constitution of this country , the occurrence : of the three last years must have been more than sufficient to bring them back into the path of loyalty . His lordship then proceeded to shew , that the present was not separate measure ; but a part of the general military system , which the present government had resolved to adopt , and which the noble and learned lord could hardly have expected to see comprehended in one bill First , they had got rid of one measure which was universally acknowledged to be burthen some and unjust in itself ; which had been unproductive , and , at the same time operated as a drawback on the ordinary recruiting . They then proceeded to introduce a limited endurance of service , with the double view of increasing the number and of introducing into the army a new order , superior in zeal and energy , as superior in knowledge . The volunteer force still existed ; and now the present bill was brought in for the purpose of forming a force in addition to it , by which , in time , the whole country should be instructed in the use of arms . He informed the noble earl ( West moreland ) , that it was the intention of the , present government to disperse 200,000 stand of arms among the people of this country ; so far were they afraid of this that they even intended to instruct , then how to use them . Neither should they 1092 think it necessary to have them deposited in some castle or fortress ; but should think , that in enabling every man to become habituated to the use of arms , and the people thus to become an armed people , while they in no wise endangered the peace of the country at home , they rendered it invulnerable against every foreign attack . entered into an investigation of the different measures alluded to by the noble lord ; and particularly of the great advantages of voluntary services , which , he was convinced , would be greatly affected by the present measure ; a measure which , in his opinion , would be equally expensive , and by no means so efficient as the voluntary force , He should not , however , press the matter to a question . that the volunteer service could not at all be affected by the present measure ; which was not a substitute for , but an addition to , the volunteer system . He took a view of the different immunities , such as exemption from ballot for the militia , army of reserve , & c. , which had been formerly held out to them ; and maintained that , instead of being degraded , as it had been termed by this bill , it also went to encourage the entering into the volunteer corps , by exempting all such from the provisions of the bill . He asked , too , if it could be contended , that the same number of volunteers would continue having nothing but the August establishment , while the contributions were discontinued ? He adverted to what had fallen from the learned lord ( Eldon ) as to the volunteers being the saviours of the constitution ; and trusted it could not even be insinuated , that such an idea was at all well founded , in the present state of the country . in explanation , declared , that he had never either insinuated or . dreamt of such a thing . He had simply alluded to the volunteers at the time of their formation ; and had attributed to them , he was convinced , correctly , that this country had escaped those destructive and desolating principles , by which the liberties of the rest of Europe had been overturned . —The question was then put , the house went into a committee , and