was not sufficient he readily allowed ; for though it could not be called absolutely nothing , yet it had been brought much nearer to nothing by these measures . But still it was something , and it was on account of its not being altogether sufficient in the old way , that he was now proposing some variations in it which might render it more efficient ; but most of the late measures were professedly in their nature temporary , and some of them , such as the Additional Force act , which had been represented as permanent ; was , in fact , temporary , or , at any rate , inefficient . He would not now draw that measure from the grave , `` its frailties from their dread abode , '' although he might dis 425 cuss it at present on the same principle that they had resorted to such a variety of topics when engaged in the discussion of it . He only referred to it merely as having failed to answer its purpose , with a view to shew that we were left exactly as before , and therefore that there was a necessity for something new . An hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) had said , that if he ( Mr. W. ) had read that act , he did not understand it . He would have been satisfied with understanding it without reading it , if that were possible ; but the hon . and learned gent . seemed satisfied with reading without understanding it . He maintained what he had before stated , that the , nature of the act was such that its quota would be reduced to 9,000 men ; and , when it came to that , the whole that it would do would be to supply the casualties upon this number . He had , indeed , heard of 58,000 men annually ; but in 8 months it had only produced 15,000 men . It was constantly falling in arrears , and in this way lost ground as it advanced . It was like those racers which , the further they ran , the more they were left behind . It began with a deficiency of 16,000 men , and ended with a deficiency of 26,000 . Even supposing , however , that it had completely succeeded in doing all that in its nature it was capable of doing , still it would have failed to answer the purpose intended by it . In the production of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sheridan ) , whom he did not see in his place , it was stated , That a constitution that was always ailing , and yet never was positively in very bad health , sometimes lasted longer than one which was strong and robust . This remark might be applied to this act . It would soon come to its minimum , which was the quota of 9,000 men ; and then it would go on supplying the deficiencies on this quota , and leading men through this gate to the regular army at a bounty of 6 guineas more than could be obtained by the ordinary recruiting . It would do little itself , and would prevent other means from doing what they might otherwise do . Men would naturally wait till they could get into the army through this gate , and this mode would be attended at the same time with an additional expence , and with great injury to the interests of morality , and to the ordinary recruiting . This measure , then , was completely inefficient . But if the right hon . gent . could prove that it had done all that was requisite , why , then , he must confess 426 that there was no use for the present plan ; or of any other ; but , if he could not prove this , and if the measure was utterly inadequate to the purposes intended , then let it not be said that there was no