of the lighthouse in question ; and that there be paid for every British vessel passing in the line pointed out , being between Peterhead and Berwick-upon-Tweed , a duty of 1½d . per ton , and for every foreign vessel so passing 3d . per ton . The house having resolved itself into a committee on the Training bill , proposed , as an amendment , that the first 200,000 men should be trained for two years instead of one , so that they would have 48 days training ; a plan which would be , more useful than giving 24 days training to double that number . resisted the amendment , because , as this would materially increase the burden , it might produce a greater degree , of dissatisfaction then the advantage was worth . Perhaps the number of days for training might be increased , but that would be for future consideration . supported the amendment , and drew a comparison between the expence of this system and that of the volunteers . The expence of the former , he contended , would be greater without the same advantages . Since there was a 863 provision in the bill for enabling the king to appoint officers for these trained men , he wished the right . hon . gent . had stated how he was to exercise this power . He thought it a most extraordinary thing , and one which was reserved for the present ministers alone , to ask such a power , without stating how they were to exercise it . These men would be far less efficient than the volunteers , who would be disgusted at the treatment they received . said that the noble lord was always fond of referring to the volunteers on all occasions . But this , and a great part of what he said , was quite out of place here . He was hardly excusable in following him , but as to the point of expence , he contended that that of the volunteers , taking the sums provided by private contributions , was much greater than the expence would be under this bill . Besides , here we had the advantage of both systems . It was true that under the bill of 1803 the men were to be trained 40 days . But then 20 of these days were Sundays , and these were here given up . It had been communicated to him from various quarters , that training men on that day diminished the reverence for it . On that point he would leave the noble lord in the hands of the gentlemen near him ( Wilberforce and Bankes ) . If this was the case , we were to consider the disadvantage under which the additional training was gained . He himself wished earnestly to preserve the reverence for the Sabbath . He had shewn it when he wished to suppress the growing evil of Sunday Newspapers , though he did not experience the support from certain gentlemen which he might have expected . He did not think however , that training men on Sundays would diminish their reverence for it , but in this point he had yielded to the opinions of others . As to the officers for these men , he never meant that they should be in the first instance permanently and regularly officered . These the king would appoint as he saw occasion . There must be officers , for instance , in case of invasion , to conduct them to the regiments , as it was not to be supposed that they were to have directions put about their necks and sent off in that Manner . wished to ask , whether the men , when at drill , were to be under the command of the serjeant , or of the constable who was to stand over them ? He was anxious to know what the 864 right hon . gent . menat to do on this head , as , being a deputy lieutenant , enquiries might be directed to him on the