, which was read a first time.— Sir J. Newport brought up a bill for regulating the collection of the revenue on spirits in Ireland , which was read a first time.— Sir . J. Newport observing that considerable difficulties existed in the trade between Great Britain and Ireland , which existed from regulations made prior to the union , that were now become useless , gave 790 notice , that at the commencement of the next session he should move for leave to bring in a bill to remove , as far is was practicable , all obstructions to a fre commercial intercourse between the two islands . moved that the Irish Election bill be committed , with a view , he said , to have the blanks filled up , and to have the bill printed as amended , in order that it might in this state , get into the possession of the public . But he was so convinced of the fitness and the propriety of this bill , and that the more it was considered , the more favourably it would be received , that he would abandon it for the present session , pledging himself to bring in a bill at the commencement of the next session , upon the same principle , and with the same provisions . This he did that there might be no objection as to the point of time and notice , and that no one might say that he took advantage of the influence of his official situation , when he wished the bill to rest entirely on its own merits . observed , that in agreeing to the present committal , and to the subsequent postponement of the bill until the next session , he begged not by any means to be understood to consent to the principle . The bill was founded on injustice and an invasion of the chartered right of all the corporations in Ireland : charters granted at the earliest period of our history , and enjoyed unmolested and unimpaired , until attacked by the hon . baronet . He should exert every means in his power to prore the ready petitions of every part of Ireland against this unjustifiable measure , which so far from being beneficial to Ireland , was , he well knew , intended to serve that hon . baronet 's purpose in the city of Waterford alone.—The bill then went through a committee ; the report was received ; the bill ordered to be printed , and to be taken into further consideration on that day trio months . acquainted the house , that he had a message from his majesty to this house , and he presented the same to the house ; and it was read by Mr. Speaker as followeth , viz . `` George His majesty , having taken into his serious consideration the expediency of making more effectual provision for the support and maintenance of aged , disabled , and wounded seamen in his majesty 's service , desires the assistance of 791 his faithful commons towards attaining so important an object ; and his majesty is pleased to declare , that for this important and benevolent object he is disposed to grant such part of the proceeds of all property to be hereafter condemned as prize , as to the wisdom of parliament shall seem expedient , to he applied for the benefit of the royal hospital for seamen at Green wich and to the funds of the chest at Greenwich , in such manner as shall be provided by act of parliament . G. R. '' Resolved , that this house will , to-morrow , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to take the said message into consideration . rose , in pursuance of the notice which he had formerly given , to submit to the house a plan for the More effectually Auditing of the public Accounts . The house would do him the justice to believe , that after the views which he had stated on a former occasion on this subject , and the