feeling remain the same ; but I fear this argument will not be understood ; what is more obvious , and will be more felt is , that it will operate as a premium for celibacy , and as a penalty almost amounting to a prohibition against marriage . Now , sir , the only reasons I have heard for withdrawing these abatements , are , 1st , the difficulty of ascertaining and adjusting them ; and , 2dly , the inconsiderable number of persons who have claimed and received these abatements . To the last , I answer , that it is a reason that should operate against withdrawing these abatements ; for , does it not tend to shew , that the few who have claimed them , have done so from absolute necessity , and are persons who will not now be able to pay the tax ? What , then , will be gained by taking these abatements form all indiscriminately , and making the man who has a dozen children , pay 10l . from his 100l . equally with him who has only himself to maintain ? And , as to the difficulty of ascertaining or obtaining the abatements , if justice and reason require that they should be allowed , is it possible that such a plea can be admitted for a single moment ? Such a method of getting rid of a difficulty , is indeed the shortest that could be devised , but it is one that would rather be expected , where there is less ability to meet difficulties , than is possessed by the noble lord . But will it meet the difficulties on the other side—the odium and discontents which the withdrawing these abatements must excite , and the disadvantageous comparisons between the noble lord 's plan and that of his predecessor ? I am so strongly of the opposite opinion , that I can assure the noble lord that , if I were unfriendly to the bill , and wished 269 it not to succeed , I should think the readiest way to accomplish that object , would be to let it go out with this imperfection on its head . expressed his disapprobation of the proposed exemption , on the ground of general policy . For three years , exemptions had been tried under the former acts , and were uniformly found to defeat themselves and the operation of the tax . In some districts , the duty for 1803 was not even yet collected , nor were the assessments made ; and the answer to enquiries into the cause of this delay was , that the commissioners had so many appeals to hear , so many claims of exemption to investigate , and experienced such difficulty to understand the clauses , that it was impossible to proceed faster . How extremely desirable it was , then , to simplify , by broad and general enactments , the operation of the act , would be obvious to the house . A man of 200l . a year , with 2 children , would , by the exemption proposed , be entitled to a drawback of 10l. , and thus the produce of the tax would be totally defeated . argued in favour of the exemption . also ably supported the clause . The 10l . which would be saved by it to the man of 200l . a year , with a family , were almost ten drops of his heart 's blood . To a person without a family , it was comparatively no object . If , as was often the case , a man married , possessing what he saw would be just means enough on which to support a family , would the house , by taking any thing from him like what this tax would go to deprive him of , at once mar his calculations , and ruin his hopes ? There were some improvements in the present bill , as far as it was less inquisitorial than the Income tax , which had preceded it , in not obtaining