the intended recal of one lord lieutenant , his successor was , to be the bearer of the warrant , which he after kept with him many mouths in this country , until it suited his convenience to proceed to his government . If his noble friend had kept the warrant back longer than was necessary for the convenience of public business , he would allow it to be censurable , but he contended that the contrary was the case . contended , that there was an essential difference between the warrant of recal of a lord lieutenant of Ireland , and of a governor general . The former was to have effect only upon the arrival of the new lord lieutenant in Ireland , whereas the latter was to have an immediate effect . It was an improvident discretion therefore , on the part of his majesty 's ministers , to retain the warrant in trust , and he maintained that it had been kept only with a view to constrain the court of directors to choose another governor general and council . expressed his surprise at the violent strain that had been adopted . The former objection was , that an interregnum existed , the present objection lay against the means that had been resorted to to prevent that interregnum . The construction put upon the statute by the noble lords who supported the motion , instead of tending to the security of our distant government , seemed only to perplex mens ' minds , and was founded on a quibble . The king had unquestionably the power of recalling a governor general ; but the appointment was vested for good purposes , in tie great corporation . The warrant of recal was to be communicated to the court of directors in eight days , and here was an interregnum without any objection being made to it . The directors had two months to appoint another , a space of interregnum to which no objection was 967 mode ; and yet the government in that case must be contemplating the event of the appointment of a successor . It was most desirable that the governor going out should carry with him the order for the meal of the former one . He had attended to the noble viscount throughout , and thought that he nibbled at the prerogative given to his majesty by the act . In judging of the meaning of the act , it ought to be collected from its obvious import , and not by substituting legal conundrums and quibbles for the fair construction of the act . To understand the act , the noble and learned lord should consider the spirit of it ; to look at the time when his majesty got the prerogative , and at the time when he had it not ; to regard the resolution of the house of commons upon which it was founded . It was rather too late to read such lectures in that house . His majesty 's advisers were undoubtedly responsible for the exercise of this prerogative as well as every other . But it did not follow , because they thought fit to advise his majesty to remove any officer , suppose to take the seals from him , that they ought to lay the grounds upon which they acted before that house , or that the house could call for them . Many things had been stated in the course of the night of a dangerous tendency . In drawing the character of sir G. Barlow , the noble lord had stated , that he yielded to marquis Cornwallis , but that he might not be so well disposed in the present instance . This went the length of establishing the principle , that the governors of distant provinces might raise a rebellion , if they should not approve of their successors . The distant possessions were the mortal part of every power ; and in these times , when so many thrones , and states , and powers , had passed away , it was dangerous to countenance such doctrines .