It must be rendered generally interesting and impressive , and , 436 in order to be so , it must be universal . We are not to consider whether each individual is to calculate accurately for himself what may be the advantages of the service ; the point is , in what estimation the service may be held by others . At present the soldier was sometimes considered as a person gone , as one who was completely lost . Now , the point was to raise the character of the soldier and of the service ; and in order to do this , in addition to the limited period of service , it might be matter for future consideration , whether some civil privileges might not be granted to the soldiers who had served a certain time . Even the elective franchise , though it could not properly be given them in boroughs , or in the counties in Scotland , which were much on the same footing as boroughs , might be given them in the counties in England . Individuals , perhaps , might not calculate on these advantages , but then all these things went to raise the character of the army in the general estimation ; and this would always be a powerful inducement to enlist . He had only stated these advantages and disadvantages very generally . It was first to be considered that the character of the service was to be raised , in order to procure the proper supplies for it . He had stated how this was to be done . He had then adverted to the necessity of discharging the men at the end of a certain period , even during a war , and had mentioned the instance of the East-India Company 's troops , which proved that there was no great danger in this , nor in the influence of this plan upon our colonial service . He thought this of no great magnitude . The whole , in short , proceeded upon the enlightened principle of sacrificing a smaller good at present , in order to receive a much greater at a future period . It proceeded upon that enlightened avarice , if be might say so , which overturned the whole maxim , to which he had before alluded , and taught us that , by keeping all we got , we did not get all we might . Having thus generally stated the nature of the object in view , and the means which it was proposed to employ , he would conclude with moving , that the clause be added to the bill . in rising to reply to part of what had fallen from the right hon . gent. , meant to confine himself strictly to those points which the right hon . gent . had done him the honour to notice from his speech on this subject on a former occasion . He had formerly argued , that the 437 plan repealed by the right hon . gent . was preferable to that which he himself had proposed , in so far as it was likely that more men would be got for a service limited both in space and time , then for a service limited in point of time only . The right hon . gent. , however , had contended , that the love of glory , mid a desire to see the world , and to visit different climes , were such powerful inducements to prefer service limited in point of time , as must greatly preponderate in favour of that service . It might be so with a few , but he was sure that , generally speaking , most men were partial to that service which was limited as to space , particularly from a dread of colonial service in the West Indies . Bounty , he was fully persuaded , was a greater inducement with most men than a love of glory . He was far from wishing to underrate the courage of our countrymen . We must take men , however , as they