will be found in p. 1126. felt it unnecessary to say any thing on the subject of the general resolutions of the hon . gent. , as they so nearly accorded with the statement he had himself made ; and , with respect to the accumulation of the public debt , in consequence of the exceedings of the war expenses beyond what was originally conjectured , he had only to say , that it must have been impossible to state inure than mere conjecture , as to what might be the probable expenses of a war , in the outset of which the possible chances and events , and , consequently , the true expense at which it must he impossible for human foresight to calculate upon any scale of accuracy : added to this , however accurate such calculations might be , they must be founded upon the rate of things as they stood at the time ; but , every one must know , that the extraordinary and unexpected rise upon every necessary of life , and almost every article of supply , since 1194 that time , and the total change of character the war had assumed , especially in the late fortunate campaign upon the continent , expenses had accrued to an extent which was equally impossible , in the outset , for human wisdom to foresee , or to avoid . made a few observations the same effect ; and said , the objections of the hon . gent . would be best answered by the reply quoted in a classic author , upon a similar occasion , `` that war was a devouring animal , and would be restrained by no prescribed regimen . '' —The first six resolutions were then agreed to , and the debate on the Resolution respecting the the Unfunded Debt was adjourned to Monday . On the motion of lord Morpeth , the house , in a committee , resumed the debate on the India Budget . asked , if there had been an adjustment of the sum of 2,672,440l . thus described , and in a paper moved for by him in 1801 : `` By what due from government for stores and supplies for his maesty 's troops , & c. & c. '' replied , that this account , blended with another , amounting to nearly 4 millions , was in a way of settlement , and some part of it had been allowed . then asked , how much of the 500,000l . per annum , as settled by the charter bill of 1793 , had been paid by the Company to the public . spoke to order . He thought it contrary to the rules of the house , that , when the question for their determination was only respecting a single year , any member should think himself at liberty to ask all manner of questions . When the debate was disposed of , he certainly might find opportunities enough of asking the noble lord any questions he might think proper . ( the chairman of the committee ) considered that it was the custom upon India budgets , for the member who brought them forward , to take a very wide range into the general situation of the affairs of India , preparatory to moving his first resolution ; and that , therefore , it was allowed to other members , to take a considerable latitude in speaking upon that question . As to the right of asking questions , he believed the rule was this : every member had a right to put questions ; but the person to whom they were put , might answer them , or not , as he thought proper . said that , if the learned 1195 doctor wished to make a speech upon the subject himself , he should sit down with pleasure . He was prepared to meet him on every point which he had stated ; and , the learned doctor was so famous for brevity , the house would , no doubt , be very much delighted with hearing him .