of such a bill , which , unless satisfactorily obviated , would present insurmountable objections to its being passed into a law . At present , the corn trades of both countries were regulated under acts of parliament , respectively , which established , in each country , an average rate of price for the different species of grain ; which average being attained in the home market , the ports were closed against exportation , and opened for importation ; and below which price exportation was permitted , and importation precluded . This regulation was made with a view to prevent an excessive price of the necessary of life to the home consumer ; and , at the same time , to allow every reasonable advantage to the agricultural interests in each kingdom . Now , by the proposed bill , as far as he was enabled to conjecture , although the price of corn in England should be above the average which admitted of exportation , yet the price in Ireland might be so much cheaper , as to admit the continuance of exports from thence ; and , therefore , by the proposed 521 bill , which , he understood , was to allow the free interchange of corn between both countries , without bounty or duty , the English merchant who wished to elude the law , and export British corn to foreign countries , would have nothing to do but consign it through the medium of Ireland ; and , vice versâ , so might the Irish merchant elude the law of that country , by exporting through England . The only mode by which , in his contemplation , such mischievous consequences could be avoided , would be to restrain and regulate the corn trade of both countries by one general average from the mass of prices in both . The average in England was taken from a comparison of twelve districts ; the Scotch trade was regulated by the British standard ; and the Irish , by an average of the prices in every part of the kingdom . Now , by regulating the general export rate in all the ports of the .united kingdom , from an average of the whole mass of prices , collectively , the evil would be obviated , which would , otherwise , be unavoidable , under the proposed bill . expressed his readiness to give to Ireland every boon and advantage , not actually inconsistent with the fair interests of Great Britain ; and observed that , although so much had not been granted as was sought about two years since , yet he believed , that what had then been granted had been of considerable advantage to Ireland . He did not , at present , see any objection to the proposed measure , particularly if under the regulations and restrictions suggested by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down ; but he hoped it would be considered as a boon to Ireland . was ready to admit , that what had been already done for Ireland , on this head , had been of mutual advantage to both countries , and of as much to this as to Ireland : the great exporting grain from this country to Ireland was barley ; of which , in the last year , the quantity was 110,000 quarters ; and the principal grain exported from Ireland to England and Scotland , was oats ; of which the quantity was very great indeed , beyond the supply afforded by their own produce for their necessary consumption ; and , therefore , the interchange of these grains , alone , would be a considerable accommodation to the agriculture and consumption of both nations . He was very willing thankfully to acknowledge , on the part of Ireland , any boon conferred by this country ; but , at the same time , it must not be forgotten , that every 522 such boon , so conferred upon the agriculture of Ireland , was given to the best customer this country had in Europe for her