adverted to the practicability of cultivating the West-India islands , by other means than those of the importation of African negroes and suggested the possibility of introducing seapoys from the east , or some of the inhabitants of the Cape of Good Hope . He dwelt much on the good effects of a mild and humane treatment of the negroes at present on the soil , which , together with encouraging propagation amongst them , might in a short time preclude the necessity of farther importations for the purposes of cultivation . said , he could Clot satisfy his own mind , if he sat silent upon what he must consider as a question of morality . The objections which had been urged against the present bill , did not Weigh much with him , for they were the Same that had been advanced against the bill for abolishing the slave trade . The continuance of this traffic could not be maintained for an instant upon the score of morality , and here he was glad to find that the objections upon the ground of political consideration , made no less against it . If it contributed to prevent the mortality which was always found to accompany the cultivation and breaking up of new grounds , that would be a great inducement to him to vote in support of it . He had for a whole year constantly attended a committee which sat in that house , to consider of the propriety of abolishing the slave trade , and the result of all he had heard was , that it was possible to keep up the quantity of negroes necessary for cultivating the West Indies , without recurring to importation , or the dreadful practices to which it gave rise . Wherever that unfortunate race of men were treated with common humanity , they increased like other human beings . In Virginia , where the importation of negroes had been prohibited , a census was taken in the year 1786 , and it was found that in that province their number had increased upwards of 15,000 in the course of 3 years that the trade was prohibited . He was anxious that his countrymen should be entirely disengaged from all concern in that opprobrious traffic , and therefore he would vote for the bill before their lordships . considered that part of the bill which it was the object of the illustrious duke to do away , as tending not only to destroy a large proportion of the trade alluded to by the illustrious duke , but also the trade carried on to the Spanish colonies in America , under the cover of exporting slaves , and which created a market for two million sterling of British manufactures . He did not object to that part of the bill which prohibited supplying with slaves , colonies taken during war , as , in the event of their being surrendered , the British capital employed only went to enrich the enemy . With respect to the abolition of the slave trade , the trade had been carried on for a long series of years under the ablest ministers that this country had seen , and who never thought of abolishing it ; the idea of the abolition first originated , within a few years past , among atheists , enthusiasts , jacobins , and such descriptions of persons . If they doubted his statements with respect to the amount of the trade carried on , let evidence be called to the bar to prove or disprove them , but at least the house ought to pause before they consented to destroy a trade of such magnitude , particularly at a time when our commerce had so many difficulties to encounter . The argument , that supplying foreign colonies with slaves enabled them to rival us in the market , was one directly in favour of the slave trade . opposed the bill , as pregnant with infinite danger to the very existence of the West-India islands . said , that it was almost unnecessary for him to trouble their lordships .