. Great losses were also sustained in the custom duties , by the frauds committed in the importation of deals , bark , and various other articles . The article of wrought iron would require the greatest vigilance and attention . In the last year , the duties amounted only to 53,800l . which was 38,000l . less than what should be expected from the returns of the quantity exported to Ireland from G. Britain only ; so that the mistake or fraud must have occurred either in the Customs of G. Britain or Ireland . He then referred to the new taxes proposed this evening , many of which he thought would not prove very productive . One of these was the additional duty of three shillings a cwt . on sugar . That article had been lately subjected to a high duty , which brought 130,000l . more than the sum at which it was estimated ; but , as the country was now overstocked with it , unless it should rise in price , the tax would not produce a farthing . The estimate made , that the new duty on tea , under 2s . 6d which had a great consumption in Ireland , would produce only 2000l . he thought must be a mistake , as the duty on the same article , 44 last year , produced no less a sum than 453,000l . and on the same scale , this additional tax ought to yield 70,00l . As to the tax upon printing presses , he did not well understand what it meant . There was no licence required for any other presses but those paper-stainers ; which had no relation to any other sort of printing . As to the balances in the hands of the different Collectors , which were reduced front 445,000l . to 200,000l he had only to say , that no pains were taken to enforce the recovery of balances from the dismissed and deceased collectors ; and he thought the rt . hon . baronet would find himself deceived if he relied on the recovery of their balances as a very productive fund . He then stated the nature of the improvements he intended to propose had he remained in office . The first was to relieve the Woollen Trade from the difficulties under which it laboured . In the second place , if the two countries were to be put in all other respects upon the footing of equality it should extend to the interest of money , which in England was at 51. and in Ireland at 61. per cent . and this must be an eternal obstacle to their possessing an equality of trade . His next object would be to equalize the currency of both countries , and give to Irish Merchants the same advantages of warehousing and bonding their goods , in the same manner as was dune in England ; with these and some other regulations , he should hope the country would prosper , if it were not kept back by a yearly increase of the Public Debt . said , the rt . hon . gent . seemed to have two distinct objects in his speech ; first , to criticise on the proposals of the rt . hon . baronet ; and secondly , to give himself a sort of posthumous Budget of what he meant to propose , had he remained in office . If he thought there should be an assimilation of the currency of both countries , why did he not bring it forward while he remained in an official situation ? Why had he not done the same with regard to the equalization of interest ? The fact was , that he knew it to be impossible , though perhaps he might have made some experiment of the kind , if he had not been checked and controuled by the luminous genius of that great man ( Mr. Pitt ) whose loss he , in common with the majority of the country , must for ever deplore . It was very desirable that the