as he observed by the order-book , that little business stood for to-morrow , he should move an adjournments.—The gallery was then cleared , and there being only 31 members present , the house adjourned . The royal assent was given by commission to the Scots Distillery bill , the Vote of Credit bill , the Irish Customs bill , the Irish Prizage bill , the Greenwich Chest bill , the Greenwich Hospital bill , the Portsmouth and Dover Works bill , the Training bill , the Militia Ballot bill , and the Irish Road bill . The commissioners were the lord Chancellor , earl Spencer , and lord Walsingham . The Slave Ship Restriction bill , the Irish School Commissioners bill , and the Nabob of Arcot Creditors bill were read a third time and passed . The Land Tax Redemption Amendment bill , the Warehousing Goods bill , the Woods and Forests Surveyors ' bill , the Windsor Forest bill , this Irish Hops Importation bill , the Grenada Loan bill , the Lottery bill , and the Stage Coach bill , were read a third time and passed . Upon the latter , sir John Sinclair took occasion to observe , that the provisions of this bill did not appear to go far enough to satisfy the wishes of the public . But yet it formed an additional arrangement to those already existing , which he hoped would operate to diminish the evils com- 1175 plained of , as to the number of passengers , particularly outside , upon stage coaches , and the general conduct of the drivers and guards of such vehicles . The hon . bart . added , that this bill was only meant to be temporary , and that he would , very early in the next session , call the attention of the house to this subject , in order that endeavours should be made to establish a more eligible system . The house having resolved itself into a committee upon the Consolidated Fund bill , Mr. Vansittart moved a clause of appropriation . observed upon that part of the account in which it appeared that 41 010l . 6s . had been paid for the discharge of Mr. Pitt 's debts , although the words of the address voted by the house upon this subject contained these precise words , `` a Sum not exceeding 40,000l . '' remarked upon the insignificant amount of the difference alluded to by the noble lord . and stated , that this difference might be considered the result of the order , that no deduction for fees should be made upon the sum originally granted . said , that to overlook such a difference would be to establish a precedent , tending to justify the minister in exceeding the grant of that house , in applying a sum of the public money beyond that which parliament or that house might authorize . The noble lord also noticed some incorrectness in casting up the accounts upon which this bill was founded . referred the noble lord to the journals , in which he would find a similar difference to that of which he now complained , and that in the case of the illustrious Chatham ; which difference was afterwards sanctioned by the house of commons.—The resolutions were then agreed to , and the report was ordered to be brought up to-morrow . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to the accounts on the table , with respect to the expenditure of the public money in the barrack department . In times like the present , when the national expenditure was no less than one million and a half weekly ; when the national burthens were rapidly increasing , and likely to increase still farther , he did not think it necessary to make any apology to the house for attempting to occupy its attention upon the subject of the flagrant abuses , which , he had no doubt of being able to shew , ex- 1176 isted in the department to which his motion would refer .