set of men would present themselves equally ignorant of the first rudiments of military discipline . This plan , instead of bringing forward a number of men for the defence of the country , did , in fact , ( after a little trifling drilling ) discharge them from the exercise of the royal prerogative , and in that respect , was much less efficient than the measure of his right hon . friend . If the enemy were to come before they were trained , it appeared as if there was nothing to oppose to them . The measure which was proposed appeared to him not only objectionable in a military point of view , but still more in a financial view . He conceived , that a more efficient military force could be procured for less money . When the former bill required , that those who were subject to the royal prerogatives should be previously organ- 821 ized and trained , it by no means intended that this training should be attended with great expense to the country . It was an object which concerned the safety of those who were liable to be called out , as much as it did the security of the public ; for it was evident , that men who should be utterly ignorant of military affairs , when they were called out for service , would be exposed to much more danger than if they had been previously organized and drilled . It certainly was intended , that those men who had no other support but their labour , might claim a shilling a day , when the day of exercise should fall on a day of labour ; but it was never intended to give regular pay to men who were called on to learn that which would be necessary for themselves to have learned , previous to the time they might be liable to be called upon by the royal prerogative . The expences of the present measure would be very serious ; and he could venture to assert that , for less money , a hundred or a hundred and fifty thousand men could be kept up , equal in discipline to what the militia are in time of peace , and which would be applicable to the defence of the country , in case of invasion , If the enemy were really to land in the country , he apprehended more of confusion than strength from the assistance of such a body of men ; and he was really afraid , that the country would be completely disgusted by such a system . It appeared to him , that nothing could be worse policy , than to bring a plan forward which would completely disgust the country . It had been said by some , that we should be prepared for a long and arduous contest . He could not say whether this was the present opinion of his majesty 's ministers , but he , for his part , considered it as sound doctrine . If this were the fact , nothing could be worse than to disgust the nation generally with the war , and incline the minds of every one to prefer almost any sort of a peace to the continuance of a war , in which the honour and lasting interests of the country were concerned . On the ground of general policy , it appeared to him most extraordinary , that this nation should be advised to adopt such a loose description of force , precisely at the time when all the other nations were giving it up . Whatever might be said of the peasants of the Tyrol and Suabia , he was informed , that they had never been efficient , except against an army which had been routed . He had never heard of an arued peasantry being very effectual against a regular army in full force . However that might 822 be , Austria now appeared to place no dependance on such a description of force , and chose to organize a force resembling as nearly as