, their superior skill , discipline , and power of sustaining fatigues and privations , could be but small . In one view they indeed possessed the advantage ; the superiority of the cause in which they were engaged . The armies of our enemy fought only to extend the glory and to sati- 504 ate the ambition of a master ; our armies fought for their own rights , and those of their country . It our soldiers triumphed , it was the triumph of justice and freedom , over injustice and despotism . If they fell , they fell the martyrs to patriotism , and the love of liberty . In another point of view he highly approved of the plan of his right hon . friend . While on the one hand , it made the soldiers citizens ; on the other , it made the citizens soldiers . It had been objected to this plan , that the execution of it would be attended with considerable expense . Adverting to the calculations of his learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) the other evening , he contended that they were formed on erroneous grounds , and that his learned friend was not justified in saying that the present administration had economy on their lips , but extravagance in their hearts . The calculations of his learned friend had for the moment made him forget that humanity and liberality winch he well knew belonged to his real character . The gentlemen opposite seemed to think that his majesty 's ministers laid succeeded to a luxurious situation . He only wished that some of them had been present ( as it certainly was their duty to be present ) in the discussions of the property tax , that they had heard the various claims on the humanity of his noble friend , first for the small annuitants , then for widows , afterwards for persons with large families , & c ; that they had witnessed the painful situation of his noble friend , compelled by the imperious sense of his public duty to resist every demand , however strongly urged ; that they had been in the house to see his noble friend ( to quote au expression of cruel mockery ) '' reposing upon a bed of roses . '' For his part , heavy as he felt that the burthens were which had been imposed on the community , he was convinced that the very poorest would cheerfully part with a portion of their scanty pittance , to reward the valour of those who fought to defend that , without which , property ; and life itself , were not worth the preservation . spoke against the clause , and suggested an amendment , that troops in the home islands should be attested to serve not only during the term of seven years , but until 6 months after the termination of any war in which their time should expire ; troops in the Mediterranean or West Indies to serve for 12 months , and in the East Indies for 18 months after the termination of such war . replied to some of the 505 calculations of increased expences to the service which would be annually produced by this arrangement , which he contended would only be an increase of 1,637,000l . instead of 1,633,000l . stated by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) ; which was an error of above a million . congratulated the house on having heard the most constitutional speech from the Solicitor General , which ; in the course of 30 or 40 years , he had ever beard in that house . The greatest grievance which could attend a free country , was a great standing army . If such must be maintained , the most constitutional way in which it could be established , the better . On that ground he approved of the speech of the Solicitor General . wished to be informed , if the present army of the country was not established on constitutional principles ? notwithstanding the arguments which had been offered by several learned