of Norfolk reported from the Committee appointed for that purpose , several Regulations proposed to be adopted respecting the admission of Persons into the High Court of Parliament , which were agreed to.—Mr . Irving , Inspector General of Imports and Exports , presented several Accounts relative to the Slave Trade which were ordered to lie on the table.—Lord Grenville presented a Message from his Majesty respecting making a provision for earl Nelson , and the future possessors of the title . ( Vide our report of the House of Commons . ) His lordship observed , that there could be no difference of opinion upon this subject ; but in conformity with the usual practice of the house , he would now merely move , that his majesty 's most gracious message be taken into consideration to-morrow . Ordered . The order for summoning their lordships relative to the propositions on this subject , which lord Grenville had , on a former evening , given notice of his intention to bring forward , being read , and observed , that he was under the necessity of still further postponing that which he had intended to submit to their lordship 's consideration that evening . It must be obvious to their lordships , that a matter of so nice and complicated a nature as the new modelling the mode of Administration of Justice in a country must require deep and mature consideration , and much consultation with those persons who were most conversant with such topics . He had already devoted much time to the subject ; but the variety of other important avocations which equally challenged his attention , prevented him from being able to bring forward the business in as perfect state as he could wish . When he did bring it forward , it would be in the shape of a series of resolutions , upon which he should not press any immediate decision , but merely that they be laid upon the table to be ma- 94 turely considered by their lordships till about the beginning of next session , when , perhaps , he should be able to submit them to the house in the form of a bill . He now thought it would take ten days or a fortnight 's more preparation before he could well state his resolutions , but it should not much exceed that time . He should , however , now fix upon a day , and that he meant to be Friday , the 6th of June , for which day he moved that their lordships be summoned to attend.—Ordered . Lord Mulgrave presented a petition from certain ship owners and others of the town and port of Scarborough , against the above bill , and praying that it might not pass into a law . Ordered to lie on the table . The order being read for taking the report of the bill into consideration , observed , he had an amendment to propose to the bill , the effect of which would be , instead of suffering the duration of the bill to extend , as now fixed , until six months after the expiration of the war , to limit it to the first day of July , 1807 , which might be about the period of the close of the next session of parliament . He thought that an amendment of this kind could not be seriously objected to . This would have the effect of leaving the subject open for farther investigation , and afford ministers a more regular opportunity of acting upon the occasion , than could offer , were the bill to pass in its present shape ; for instance , it might in the proposed interval be ascertained how far the British Colonies , in North America , could supply certain articles of the consumption of the West-India Islands , and how far regulations , in the nature of protecting duties , may be expedient . He was aware of the difficulty of entering into such an extensive investigation at present , under such a pressure of public business ,