was on this subject , the noble lord would allow at least 24 hours to examine into it . With a view to induce him to do this , he entered at some length into what had been done before , for correcting the West India abuses , and into the merits of this bill . He stated , that in 1797 he himself had corresponded with the West India commissioners of the customs , respecting the abuses committed in the West Indies , and that the consequence was , that the commissary-general was superseded ; that the commissioners were ordered to make inquiries into the abuses , and to report to the treasury ; that the auditors had been applied to , in order to learn whether any increase of their establishment would enable them to bring up these accounts ; that the auditors had answered , that this business would require 16 additional clerks , and four additional inspectors , and that these must go through a gradual course of instruction ; that the treasury had taken this answer into consideration the day on which it was given in , and the consequence of all had been , the act which by the present bill was intended to be repealed . The noble lord , he said , had come down to the house , out of breath , mentioned that monstrous abuses had been discovered , and given notice that he would , in a short time , state to the house what would astonish them , but that he would do something that would quiet their apprehensions , and the consequence was this bill . Now , a bolder attempt , merely to gain patronage , without the smallest prospect of advantage to the public , never was exhibited in this world . One great object of the noble lord appeared to be to discredit the late administration , and to praise himself . Commissioners had already been appointed for the professed object of this bills and the bill did , in fact , nothing more 609 than had been done by the former one . In order to prove this , he commented on the different clauses of the present bill . It appointed 19 commissioners , including those which had been before appointed , out of which nine were new appointments , with an expence , he supposed , of 1500l . a year . It placed the power of appointing these commissioners in the treasury a thine had never been done in any act since the Revolution . Excepting these additional commissioners , the additional expence , and the unprecedented patronage for the treasury , the bill did nothing more than the former bill . The whole professed object might be answered without any additional expence , and therefore the bill appeared to be nothing else than a piece of management to fix the character of negligence and inattention on the late government , and to increase the popularity and patronage of the present . He hoped , therefore , that a delay of 24 hours would be granted . thought it remarkable , that after the right hon . gent had stated the ignorance of the house on this subject , he had gone into a full discussion on the point , and availed himself of that ignorance in order to favour his own views . He had no objection to the delay , but he would prove that the object was not to procure patronage from the treasury , although tins was a strange objection from the right hon . gent . He would prove that a more useful measure , both generally and in detail , had never been submitted to the house on this subject . As to the statement respecting his conduct in proposing the measure , he did not think it worth his while to give any detailed answer . He could only assure the house that he had not been out of breath , and that he had given no such notice of something to astonish the house , as the right hon . gent .