Indies . This , therefore , shewed the fallacy of bringing forward abstract principles , without at the same time looking to the practical effect . He did not believe that our ceasing to trade to Africa for Negroes , would be of the slightest benefit to the people of that continent , nor did he believe that one slave less would be imported on account of our giving up the trade : the only effect would be , that British capital would be transferred to foreign Islands , that the trade would be transferred to other hands , where the same regulations for ameliorating the condition of time negroes in their passage did not exist , and that thus no benefit would practically result from time measure Slavery was undoubtedly an evil , and the slave trade was an evil ; so , many other evils existed , particularly comparative evils in the state of human society ; but it did not follow that every evil was to be abolished , without reference to the practical effect of such abolition ; as , in such case , a greater evil might be produced by the sudden change than previously existed . The instance of St. Domingo , adduced by the noble lord , made more against , than for his argument , as the horrid revolution in that island was caused by abstract principles , embodied in the form of legislation in the mother country , without reference to the practical effect , or to the policy of carrying such principles into execution . With respect to the resolution itself , he did not see that it led to any practical conclusion , nor did he think it a right mode of proceeding , to adopt a general resolution , containing an abstract principle respecting the abolition of the slave trade , without having previously considered the practical means by which that trade was to be abolished , or the practical effect which would be thereby produced . bestowed much praise upon the eloquent speech of the noble lord who had brought this subject forward , agreed entirely in the propriety of the measure now proposed , and expatiated on the injustice , inhumanity , and impolicy of the slave trade . He quoted a variety of authorities from the best books on the subject , and which had been published before it came under parliamentary discussion , front all which he maintained , that the trade ought to be abolished ; he maintained also , that the slave trade was not countenanced by any thing in Holy writ , either in the Old or the New Testament . He was a decided friend to the present resolution , as a step 807 towards the much to be wished for abolition of the African slave trade , which had been artfully , by its advocates , blended with the emancipation of the negroes in the West Indies , with which it had no real connection . declared that he never hitherto had taken any share in the discussion of this subject , while a member of the other house , when his opinion was rather adverse to the measure ; but having read the evidence , he had good reason to alter that opinion . He had been in the West Indies some years ago , and had seen all the great plantations in Jamaica , and he declared the condition of the slaves was almost uniformly ameliorated , and they were generally treated with kindness , such as he had known a great family in this country use to their ancient domestics . He also had been an eye witness to the trade carried on on the coast of Africa , and although he could not say in what manner they might have been collected in the interior , yet their treatment on the coast , and during the middle passage , was inhuman to a degree , most shocking ! Parents were torn from their children , infants snatched from the breast of their mothers , while the unhappy parents were pinioned down in chains to the