enable him to substantiate against the marquis Wellesley , as important charges as ever were brought for ward in that house . He thought there was great delay in the production of all these papers . denied , that there was any delay that was not unavoidable . thought , that when a member moved for any papers , he was himself the best judge of their effect , and therefore was not obliged to take the advice of those who might be adverse to his views . He had seen a paper signed by twenty-three directors , who , amongst other things , complained that the marquis Wellesley did not register his papers regularly in the consultation . The chasm could however be no reason for not making a return . If no record could be found , the answer would be easier . said , the principal reasons which occasioned the delay of those papers were , first , the voluminous nature of the papers which were ordered with respect to Surat ; in the second place , there had no vessel left Bengal since the Medusa , which sailed in November . He had reason , however , to think that the first ship which arrived would supply the chasm that was complained of . He assured the hon . gent . that there was no wish to delay , and that the papers should be laid upon the table as soon as , in the circumstances of the case , they could be got ready.—Upon this explanation , and after a few words from Lord Morpeth , Mr. Paull consented to withdraw his motion . Mr. Paull then gave notice , that he should move , the next day , to rescind an order that had been made in the month of April , for the production of a protest of Mr. Bosanquet , relative to this transaction . The House resolved itself into a committee of the whole house upon the Property Duty Bill . expressed his disapprobation of making the interest of Exchequer Bills the object of the direct operation of the tax , because these securities , being at present at a premium of only 2s . per cent . such a direct operation of the tax would have the effect of reducing then to a discount . Of exchequer bills in general , he should say , that though not an unusual nor an illegal mode of raising money , they were unconstitutional , and an impolitic anticipation of the resources o the country . He thought they amounted to a sacrifice of the commercial to the monied interest , and that a greater part of those now in the market , amounting to 27,000,000l . ought to be funded , in which case the monied interest would embark their capital in the funds , or employ it in aid u fair commercial speculations . did not think that the direct operation of the tax would bring exchequer 218 bills to a discount , because they were payable at par at stated and no distant periods , might be paid into the exchequer for taxes , and were more handy and convenient for business than stock in the funds . did not think that the mischief apprehended by the hon . alderman , would result from deducting the duty at the exchequer . The measure was to be prospective , so that it would not affect the present holders of securities of that description . As to the funding of exchequer bills , that would cause a loss to the public , as they could not at present be funded at a higher rate than 58l . per cent . in the three per cents . ; and after the was , they perhaps might be funded at 70l . per cent . —After a few observations from Mr. Johnstone and lord H. Petty , the clause , on being amended by inserting the words `` all securities chargeable with interest out of the public revenue , '' instead of `` exchequer bills , '' was agreed to . On the clause