which they entered were , that they should be on the same footing with the army , it would be a violation of faith with them , to place them , now , upon a worse condition than time army . Certainly , no little saving , in point of economy , could compensate for the impolicy of disgusting such a body as the militia , at a time when their services were so necessary . considered , that all the objections which were made to every measure , on account of the lateness of the session , amounted only to this question , Why did not the present ministers bring forward , all at once , all the measures which they meant to introduce in the course of the session ; As to the breach of public faith , that was so much spoken of , he begged leave to remind gentlemen , that the militia was not a voluntary , but a compulsory service ; and that , if no particular faith was pledged to 1142 the balloted men , certainly their substitutes stood in no better situation than they did . Of a man that voluntarily inlisted in the regular army , it would be right to consider , strictly , the terms under which he entered ; but the militia-man , whether he is the balloted man or the substitute , enters into the service from the compulsion of the law , and can claim no other terms but what the legislature chooses to give . said , he was decidedly adverse to the bill , as , he thought , it went to disgrace a great military body , and to create an odious distinction between the militia and the regular army . was for the bill . He was sure , that both the field officers of the militia and of the volunteers , would cheerfully yield to any deductions , that could tend to give the country a greater disposeable force at the present moment . considered that it might be the cause of much discontent , that when the officers of the regulars and militia messed together , the one should say , `` We are superior to you ; our pay is higher . '' said , it had been his misfortune , wishing , as he did , to give his support to the ministers , to feel himself under the necessity of successively objecting to all the measures they had brought forward . The bill , then the subject of debate , he was sure , would give the greatest dissatisfaction to the militia , who , from recent intercourse which he had had with some regiments at the barracks in the neighbourhood of the district from which he was returned , he knew , were led , from the late measures of the right hon . gent. , to expect an increase of allowance , and were , at present , anxiously awaiting the promulgation of it . He thought , that economy was not a sufficient consideration for a distinction like that proposed to be made in this case , as the militia were liable to the same duties as the regulars , and had always been found to perform them as well . He should vote for the bill to go into a committee , under the hope , that sufficient would transpire therein , to induce the right hon . gent . to relinquish the bill . could not at all agree with the opinion of the hon . baronet . So far from the regular officers being entitled to claim any superiority , on account of this distinction , he thought the superiority , as far as income went , was on the other side ; and that the militia field- 1143 Officers , who did not receive the increased pay , merely upon the ground that they were men of somewhat superior fortune , and who , therefore , did not require it , ought , on that ground , neither to claim a superiority over the regular officers , who were ,