should have his accounts audited and settled by the secretary at war , instead of being referred to the auditors of public accounts : and with respect to Mr. Wickham , he observed , that it was pretty extraordinary , that that right hon . gent . who acted as commissary on the Continent during the last war , and whose accounts , to a very large amount , were yet unsettled , should be one of the loudest in cheering the proposition of the noble lord opposite to him , for establishing his new commission of audit , on the day he brought it forward ; and as so much pains had been taken by his majesty 's present ministers to cast an odium on the conduct of their predecessors , and to charge them with criminal neglect for suffering such an accumulation Of unaudited accounts to grow under their authority , he thought it right the house should see that all this accumulation had not been wholly imputable to those ministers who were now out of office , but that right hon . gentlemen who were so strenuous in impeaching the neglect of others , had themselves incurred no inconsiderable share of the blame , if any was fairly imputable , 615 He concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before this house , an Account of the Amount of the sums issued in each year to Robert Lukin , esq . as agent to Foreign Corps , between the years 1794 and 1801 , under the several heads for which the issues were made , and shewing when the accounts of the receipt and expenditure thereof were delivered to the secretary at war , and when the same were examined in his office ; and also , Copies of all Proceedings and Correspondence of the lords commissioners of the treasury , the war office , the commissioners for auditing public accounts , and Mr. Lukin , respecting the department in which the accounts should be audited ; shewing likewise the amount of the balance finally appearing upon the said accounts . '' said , that as he did not mean to object to the production of these papers , he would appeal to the candour of the right hon . gent . as the names of two gentlemen were mentioned in these papers , whether it would not be fair that he should assign some reason for moving for them , or at least say , whether he meant to inculpate either of them for any part of their conduct in the transactions to which these papers related ? said , the noble lord had lately stated to the house his intention to bring forward a new commission , in which he had mentioned the name of Mr. Trotter in a very particular manner . Why , therefore , should the noble lord thus call on him to know if he had any intention of inculpating either of the gentlemen mentioned in those papers ? but he had no hesitation in saying , he did not mean to inculpate either of them . With respect to Mr. Lukin , there had been a very large sum of money issued to him by the then secretary at war , who was his relation , and he understood that gentleman had conceived a doubt , to whom he should account for that money , and had said he was accountable for it only to the secretary at war . He moved for the papers on public grounds , because he thought they would be found to contain information necessary for the house , and to which , as a member , he had a right . He could assure the noble lord , that if ever he should contemplate a charge against any man , or any member of administration , while he had the honour of a seat in that house , he should bring it forward candidly , manfully , and directly , not insidiously , or by a side-wind . observed , that not withstanding the right hon . gents ' . specious 616