progress , and ask leave to sit again . The house was then resumed and the committee ordered to sit again to morrow . The house proceeded , as usual , to Westminster Hall . They returned soon after three , when an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord viscount Melville to-morrow and a message was sent to the House of Commons to acquaint them therewith.—The order of the day on the Slave Importation Restriction bill was discharged , on the motion of the duke of Clarence and renewed for Friday.—The American Intercourse bill was read a third time and passed , and a message sent to the House of Commons to acquaint them therewith.—Strangers were for a short time excluded whilst the house discussed some matter of privilege . After our re-admission the earl of Westmoreland presented a petition from certain Merchants and traders of Manchester against the Slave Importation 116 Restriction bill , which was ordered to lie on the table.—Strangers were again for a short time excluded . After our re-admission , the consideration of his majesty 's message relative to earl Nelson was , on the . motion of lord Auckland , deferred till to-morrow . A bill intitled `` An Act for enabling his majesty in council , to permit the Importation and Exportation into and from his majesty 's territories in the West-Indies , and Continent of South America , of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships in time of War . Dissent.—1st , Because no proof whatever has been adduced to show either the expediency or necessity of a measure which facilitates and systematically establishes the suspension of our Navigation and Colonial Laws ; and thereby sacrifices to Foreigners , the Supply Trade of the British West India Settlements , to which the United Kingdom and its dependencies are rightfully entitled in return for the monopoly they afford at their own market to the produce of those Settlements , 2dly , Because the bill will transfer responsibility from the West India Governors to his majesty 's ministers at home ; that is , it will take responsibility from those who alone can be judges of the necessity , and will give it to his majesty 's ministers at a great distance , who can not possibily have any information in due time to enable them to act on emergency ; therefore the power of suspending the laws must be ultimately delegated to the persons from whom the responsibility will be removed , to persons who actually derive great emolument from the frequency of the abuse . 3dly , Because it will ultimately render our West India settlements dependent on the American States . 4thly , Because the British Colonies in North America will be ruined , or greatly prejudiced , in consequence of the admission of foreign American Shipping to the Supply Trade to the British West Indies . 5thly , Because Ireland in particular will be dependent on the discretion or caprice of Ministers or Governors for the Provision trade to the West Indies . 6thly , Because , through the relaxations and suspensions of the navigation-laws , our carrying trade and commerce are transferred to foreigners , the value of British shipping greatly depreciated , and the increase of foreign shipping employed in our trade , compared with the increase of British shipping being in the proportion of 12 to 1 , ship-building is so alarmingly discouraged in this kingdom , that only two ships for the merchant service have been built in the 117 River Thames since December 1802 , a period of nearly three years and a half , and only two more are now building there , and ship-building in general in the several ports of this kingdom has decreased nearly in the same proportion . 7thly , Because if the United Kingdom and its dependencies can not , at all times , furnish the necessary articles to the British West Indies ( the contrary of which , however , may be proved ) the intercourse with the American States for supplies may and can be most surely and steadily carried on