a plan which it would be unwise to adopt , or rather that it was a measure in which it was wise to depart from its adoption ; and it was held still further , that if any thing was brought from America to us , or taken from us to America , it should never be done but through the medium of British ships . So much for the similarity of circumstances in the two cases ; in one of which there was much emergency , and in the other , none ; in one of which all the circumstances were owing to a revolution in the affairs of a state ; in the other , all the circumstances arise out of an established course of things ; and gentlemen do not even contend there is any emergency in them ; yet , even with all these arguments for the proposed measure in the former case it was rejected , and now , without any , it is proposed for 993 our adoption . But gentlemen contend , it is needless to examine , or even to dispute , the necessity of this measure ; because it is known , they contend it is known , they contend it exists beyond dispute ; that the facts are so plain , it is idle to dispute their existence ; and that nothing can be a remedy but the provisions of the present bill . Hence , they say , arises the necessity . The facts , however , on which this necessity is founded , they do not give us now , they either do , or they do not , know of the existence of this necessity . If they do know of the existence of this necessity , they can convey it to parliament : and if they can , they ought to convey it to parliament . It is their duty to convey it to parliament , to justify the adoption of a measure so repugnant to our established laws . If they have no knowledge of this necessity , we are legislating in the dark ; because they ask us to do so , and that against every principle of policy by which this country has been guided , and by which it has hitherto so signally prospered . Now , sir , under these impressions , I could say , that instead of pursuing the system recommended by the noble lord , we ought to call on him , and those who , with him , are the friends of this bill , to point out to us the instances in which this house has sanctioned , or even countenanced a departure from the navigation laws . Sir , it has hitherto been the policy of this country to regard with jealousy every proposition to that effect , to require a reason for any measure that has that aspect ; and to regard every measure with distrust , if it has that apparent tendency . But the friends of this bill take a course directly the contrary ; they take up the navigation laws as a hostile system , and if they can find any measure in our legislative history , which they think has any tendency to oppose it , they consider it as a matter of useful discovery , and exult in it as a matter of triumph , As if an attack on the navigation laws was not only perfectly fair , but even laudable . They think they have made a valuable discovery , if they find out a precedent for an attack upon the navigation laws ; and so far do they carry the spirit of hostility into action , that if they do but find an instance in our parliamentary history of a temporary infringement on the navigation laws , they insist upon it , as a proof of their right to pursue a measure 994 for their permanent suspension , which is but another word for their total destruction . They find a case which has no resemblance in its circumstances to the present , but no matter