derived , for this plain and obvious reason , that surgeons more than physicians , have had occasion to practise the vaccine inoculation , and to enter into the merits of the arguments which have been raised concerning it . With respect to the reasons which have prevented the propagation of this measure for saving the lives of the people in this country , as it has done in others , I must admit that my learned friend ( Dr. Matthews ) has hit upon the very sentiments I wished to have expressed . I do not believe that any effectual plan has been adopted in order to prevent mistakes in the performance of the operation . I really am of opinion , that a great part of those prejudices which have arisen , proceeded entirely from the circumstances of its having been conducted by the hands of persons who from carelessness or ignorance have communicated to their patients a false and spurious species of this disorder . This is indeed a cause which we must all lament ; and I think that it affords an additional reason for referring the subject to the investigation of surgeons as well as physicians . I must confess , sir , that I rose chiefly to express my extreme satisfaction , that this most important and interesting subject has been brought forward from the respectable quarter from which it has proceeded . The high and respectable character which the noble lord possesses in his majesty 's government is a circumstance alone sufficient to do away those prejudices which are at present excited , and to obviate the objections which have been maliciously raised against this valuable discovery . I do , I affirm , most sincerely rejoice that the matter has been thus taken up , for at all events I am convinced that if the plan proposed by the noble lord be adopted by the house , the ends in view will be completely answered , and the country will soon reap infinite advantage , by a saving of the lives of thousands of its inhabitants . —Sir , I beg leave to make a few observations upon the subject now under discussion . I happened to live many 896 years in the town of Lucknow , where there is reckoned a greater population than in any other part of the East Indies . The vaccine inoculation was there first introduced by men of science , although it afterwards came to be known , and practised by people in the profession of physic two centuries behind us in the knowledge of medicine . In that town , sir , the number of lives , which were annually lost by the dreadful ravages of the small pox , was reckoned to amount to between 670 and 800 , annually , but since the introduction of this discovery , there were not above 75 persons who annually died of that disease during the last 3 years I resided in that place . The people in that part of the world , so far from thinking it requisite that men of science should alone practise it , were convinced that it was only necessary to be performed by slight intelligence in order to be effectual . There is one other circumstance which I think worthy of remark ; which is that in Scotland prejudice is certainly much stronger against the practice of vaccination than in England , and particularly in the most northern parts of it , and , for that reason , I am inclined to suggest to the noble lord , the propriety of joining the college of Physicians at Edinburgh in the proposed investigation . —Sir , I certainly experience a very great degree of satisfaction in finding the house so unanimous as to the general object in view from the motion which I have thought it incumbent upon me to submit to your consideration , and I think that nothing but the lateness of the session should prevent us from coming to some conclusion upon this important subject . Those hon . gentlemen , who have spoken upon this occasion ,