been violated at the beginning of the American war ; that by an ordinance then published , the right of claiming discharges was suspended . Tonight this fact has been admitted ; but the admission was accompanied by the right hon . gent . with a whimsical sort of triumph , because forsooth there was but this one instance to be found of such a violation of faith , and because this was a formal ordinance ; as if the formality with which faith was broken in this instance , was a sort of proof how sacredly it had been kept before . But the hon . colonel has not been contented that the matter should rest there , and in order to satisfy us how unwillingly the government of France ever consented to the violation of its engagements , he has quoted the indignant expressions of Marshal Saxe against officers who did not keep their engagements with the soldiery . Marshal Saxe 's indignation , virtuous as it was , pro- 466 bably was not without cause . So here is another instance of the same breach of faith ; or rather , in all fair reasoning , a complete proof that , even in Marshal Saxe 's time , it had grown upon into a practice . What then is the true result of this single example of ancient France ? why , surely , that if in that extensive and populous country , a country at all times capable of affording a great proportion of its population to the profession of arms , the government has nevertheless found it impossible to keep its word with the soldiery , it is wild and hazardous in the extremest degree to act upon the supposition , that in a country comparatively , limited in population , and that population called upon as it is to supply such an extent of manufactories , such a prodigious commercial marine , and a .navy which absorbs alone such numbers as bear no small proportion to the armies of the continent , it would be possible in all instances to keep faith with the soldier , if unfortunately this clause should pass into a law . That if we foresee the smallest probability of being driven by any necessity to a violation of our engagement , we ought not to enter into it : that we ought not to run after the example of France in her policy , at the risk of being obliged to imitate her bad faith , is surely not necessary to be argued in a. British house of commons . Having succeeded no better in his history from abroad than in precedent at home , the right hon . gent . has betaken himself , as usual , to analogy , and derives his analogies , as usual , from objects which at least amuse , if they do not enlighten . He admits in some degree the hazard of diminution to the army in the first instance , by keeping faith with the soldier ; but this diminution is to be repaid with interest . He is not surprised that a colonel of a regiment , or the captain of a fine company of grenadiers should feel loth to part with any number of his men at the expiration of a limited period . Just so , says the right hon . gent. , it goes to one 's heart to thin a fine grove of young and growing trees , till we reflect that , by taking some away , the remainder will grow finer and taller . The right hon . gent . hardly needs be informed that this simile is not perfectly accurate , unless he means that the remaining grenadiers are to increase in height and corpulence in proportion as their comrades are removed . Still more unfortunate is the right hon . gent . in the field of turnips into which he has wandered , though led there by an apparently happy 467 ambiguity of words , which might have misled a less ingenious speculator . Does not the drill husbandman hoe his