. The name of the parish ( or station ) and the county where each sale respectively was made ; the said names of the parishes ( or stations ) following each other in due alphabetical order . 2 . The date of the sale . 3 . The name of the auctioneer , or person by whom the sale was made , and if the sale was a private one , stating that circumstance . 4 . The names of the purchasers , if less than six in number . 5 . A general description of the things sold . 6 . The name of the barrack master , or other person , under whose immediate direction and superintendance the sale took place . 7 . The gross amount of the sale , as credited to government . 8 . The total amount of all sums expended by government in fitting up each building respectively . 9 . The number of men or horses usually quartered in each building respectively . '' observed , that ministers were placed in a disagreeable situation by the hon . gent . 's motions , since he seemed to consider persons who might on any account object to them as wishing to protect abuses and peculations . But it must be from the most gratuitous love of abuse , if ministers could object to the discovery of abuses which took place under their predecessors . In this observation , however , he could not include himself , for the present motion had some reference to him in an antecedent state . Here he . could not but remark the inconsistency of the hon . gent . He had complained that all the work of the commissioners of enquiry had beep retrospective , and had considered that as a most absurd way of proceeding , . while he wanted to provide against present 1257 and future abuses . He had also dwelt on the expence of the Barrack Department ; and yet , notwithstanding all this , he now proposed to go into a detail of all that had happened for the last 13 years , which must necessarily be attended with great expence , and would require the employment of additional clerks . Now , the proper question was , would the motion , if agreed to , produce any thing adequate to the expence and inconvenience it would occasion ? All the items of an auctioneer 's paper , pots , pans , kettles , trenchers , and wooden bowls , Were to be made up and laid before . the house , and many other things of which it was probable no record or vestige now remained . The hon . gent . brought forth his motions as a sort of nostrum or recipe , which was to cure existing abuses all at once : and , indeed , if he could produce some little scheme of accounts of that kind , he would do great service to the country . He had taken a very wide compass , and laid a broad basis ; but his objections to his motions arose from their probable inefficiency , and he would not be terrified from opposing the present , by the reproach of a wish to screen peculators . But he believed it would be a warning to the house to be cautious in assenting , not to , judicious and necessary motions , hut to such as . would be tedious , troublesome , and expensive , without producing any adequate advantage . said , he had no wish to give any opposition or annoyance to his majesty 's ministers . He had every wish to respect their talents , to give them credit for the best intentions , and to be convinced it was by no means their wish knowingly to countenance or to screen wanton extravagance or peculation : but really and truly , the system of peculation of late years , in the department alluded to by his hon . friend ( Mr. Robson ) was so glaring , so horrid , and abominable , that he must