supply the colonies , why did they not do it ? There was nothing iii this bill , to prevent them . ( Hear ! Hear ! ) 713 Was there any thing to prevent them ? If there was , it was certainly more than he knew , for he had read the bill , and saw no such thing . Great Britain could not , in fact , at present , supply the colonies . He then went on to state that the navigation laws had been partially , and for a time suspended in several instances , such as in the trade with the Cape of Good Hope . He also contended , that there were many thing relative to the state of Europe and to the situation of this country which would bear on this question , and which could be known much better by the government here than by the governors of the West India islands . As to the advice which his learned friend had given to ministers , who knew so ill what they were to do , he left them to take the benefit of it . He left them also to profit by the instructions of another right hon . gent . of great experience ( Mr. Roe ) , who always gave most salutary advice upon the purest public principles , without any personal considerations , and without any wish to oppose ministers farther than his notions of duty compelled him . It was certainly very good and condescending in him to give ministers the benefit of his great experience , and to desire to relieve them from the cares of government , for certainly , after having been in office 22 years , he had in some measure acquired a sort of right to retain it for 10 or l2 years more at least , and , to be sure , it was very great presumption in inexperienced people , who had been only 5 months in office , to take matters out of his hands . Under these circumstances , his advice ought , no doubt , to be listened to with all the attention which it deserved . rose , and spoke as follows : —The hon . and learned gent . who has just sat down , seems to think that every suggestion and advice from this side of the house is to be received with distrust by ministers , unless accompanied with a declaration of friendship for administration . I have always considered it a sufficient apology for every member of parliament who delivers his opinion in the fair execution of his duty , if he professes to have in view , not the pleasure of the administration of the day , but the interest of his country . Upon that principle I shall take the liberty of considering the subject now before us , than which I am confident there never was a matter brought into this house of greater importance , not so much for its immediate effect , as on account of the political principles connected with it . Many propositions have been sub- 714 mitted to parliament which have been liable to one or other of these objections , either that they were altogether unnecessary , or that being called for by a supposed necessity , they have been pressed to an extent which would produce a greater mischief than that which they were intended to remove ; but I do not recollect any measure which comprehended so much of both these objections as the present ; originating , as I think has been most clearly shewn , in no necessity whatever , and at the same time teeming with so much practical mischief.—The necessity in which it is contended that this measure originates , I take to be this , that under the circumstances of war it has been deemed impossible for Great Britain to supply the West India colonies with the articles which it is absolutely necessary they should have , and that America alone can supply them . If it had been contended on this side of the