endeavouring to lead the attention of the committee to a collateral question : viz . that of the Private Trade , one certainly of great moment in itself , but much too extensive in its bearings to be mixed with propriety or advantage in the present debate , had given not a very true or candid picture of the Company 's commerce , either as it related to their own immediate profits , or to its effects upon the manufacturing prosperity of the empire at home . Their trade , but more particularly that with the continent of India , he had described as a losing commerce , in order to found upon this assumption the inference , that their monopoly ought to be put an end to , and their trade , at least with the continent of India , thrown open . That the trade either with India or China was carried on to a loss , lie must he permitted to doubt . He held in his hand an Account , prepared at the India house , of the clear profit on the prime cost of both the Indian and China investments for 15 years from 1787 to 1801 , both Nears inclusive . By this it appeared , that the average of profit on the Indian Investments for the period in question , was 22l . 8s . 6d . per cent . for the whole period , and proportionably much higher in the later years since the shipping system of the Company was opened to a free and unrestrained competition . —The average Profit on the China Investment calculated upon the same principles and for the like period , is stated to be 37l . 14s . 4d . 1225 per cent . The committee would observe that this was the profit upon the entire commercial transaction , from the dispatch of the goods or fundes from hence till the return and sale of the investment , and that in order to determine how far the operation is commercially profitable , the above percentage must be compared with the amount of capital employed and the extent of time which is required in the ordinary course of business to complete this revolution , which may be taken at about two years and a half upon an average , the return from India being somewhat quicker than from China.—Another mode of looking at this question might be had recourse to , by reference to an account then on the table , which he had himself moved for in 1803 , viz . of the actual annual Proceeds at home of the 4 years ending in March 1802 , which were on an average 366,000l . per annum , after paying all charges , in this account , previous to the balance being struck , the dividends were included , which must be considered as in the nature of commercial profit , being in truth the return to the proprietors upon their capital stock employed in trade . This account , subject however to sonic adjustments would go to prove the Company 's commerce eminently productive ; but before we can consider this large annual surplus a clear commercial gain , in addition to the ten and a half per cent . the proprietors receive in dividends , we must first be satisfied , ( and he would subsequently state his reasons for holding a different opinion ) , that no more capital was really employed in carrying on this trade , than that which was visibly assigned to this purpose ; namely , the Capital Stock , the company 's Bonds , and the other floating Securities for which an interest was paid . Whatever additional funds had actually found their way into the commercial concern , must be considered as part of the capital employed , and the return must provide for the interest of such funds , before the clear profit can be precisely ascertained.—It seemed , however , unjust to describe the Company 's commerce as carried on at a loss . To what precise extent it might be profitable , after providing a