thought he was reposing , while in place , on a `` bed of roses . '' He might have had some tossings and tumblings , and have felt some of the roses folded under him , a circumstance which had given pain to a certain voluptuary . The expression of his right hon . friend , now no more , `` Oh , my country ! '' was not one which might be expected from a person reposing on a bed of roses . Another gent . ( Mr. Canning ) did not consider the harness but the horses , not the measures , but the men . Here , however , there were both good harness and good Horses.—The question on the third reading was then put ; upon which , rose , and having lamented that the house was not in Possession of the military information which was so desirable on this subject , expressed his general disapprobation of the measure . It infringed on the prerogative of the crown , as it would preclude his majesty from availing himself of any future advantageous mode of raising men that might present itself . It . was objectionable as it related to the deliberations of the two houses of parliament . He was not aware of a precedent of such an important measure being brought forward such a shape , which might be attended with . serious consequences , endangering the delay in passing the Mutiny bill , until a period beyond that in which it would be required . The measure was as wanton and unnecessary as it objectionable . The experiment might have been tried without having destroyed the system from , which the country was deriving a rapidly increasing supply . The depressed state of the manufactures of the kingdom would , he feared , soon afford an ample source to any mode of recruiting . —Alluding to the speech of a right hon . secretary on a late evening , he expressed his apprehension , that the country had not the means to become as great a military power as that right hon . gent . seemed so sanguinely to expect . To obtain this object , however , he thought that the best mode would have been to have raised men four different services and in different ways , instead of confining the recruiting to one description , and allowing the army to moulder away to the number of at least 30 or 40,000 men . Comparing the 542 population of the country with the numbers engaged in : the .naval and military services , the right hon . gent . could not rationally expect to obtain any great accession of numbers to the latter of these services . The examples of foreign countries that had been adduced , were by no means applicable . No accusation of -being factious should ever deter him from canvassing the measures of his majesty 's ministers . He deprecated the ill consequences that would result from the adoption of this measure with regard to the navy , and with regard to the discipline of the army . The colonies likewise would be materially endangered by it , more especially in time of war . Flow many men must be continually crossing the sea , to supply the place of those the term of whose service was expired ? If one of those convoys failed , what would become of the colonies ? As to the expence , as calculated by his noble friend , that calculation proceeded on the supposition that the measure would succeed , and he was therefore surprised to find that calculation condemned by the advocates for the measure . His noble friend had omitted one article of expence , the transporting of troops abroad . If this measure failed , only one expedient remained.—conscription . And he should not be surprised to find , at some future period , the right hon . gent . come forward , and by way of still further following up the example of foreign countries , propose conscription , to supply the place of those perhaps