the grounds stated by the hon . mover , nor upon any other that the most active of his enemies could imagine , and of course that there was no reason for going into the proposed committee . said , he was happy he had afforded the noble lord an opportunity of entering upon so ample a discussion and explanation of this subject as he had done , which he could not have indulged in if the motion had riot been seconded . thought it a duty to state to the house what he knew concerning a matter in which the character of earl St. Vincent was involved . It was , in his opinion , a consideration for the house , that the noble earl was employing the latter part of a glorious life in the active service of his country , when he could , with so much propriety , enjoy the otium cum dignitate ; instead of which , he was submitting himself to the perils of the seas in defence of his country . He then proceeded to justify what had been done at Plymouth under the naval administration of the noble earl . A reform had been carried into effect there , when it was much wanted . He instanced some refractory behaviour in time ship-wrights , and certain misconduct in those on board the Culloden , who had erected what they called the tree of liberty , under the banner of which alone , they said , they would act . He was at the head of a military force , which it became necessary to employ for the purpose of reducing those insurgents to obedience at the point of the bayonet . These were the men who after- 204 wards went into the service of the enemy , as the hon . gent . who brought this motion forward had related , and the house would see what sort of useful ship-wrights and artificers they were . He was happy that the report of the naval commissioners was now about to be efficiently attended to , so that abuses would be reformed . He was ready to say that he saw no blame whatever ; on the contrary , much praise was due to earl St. Vincent , for his naval administration , notwithstanding the hon . gent . had read his pamphlet to the house . said he should detain the house but a very short time , for he should not enter on any detail of official business on this occasion , that having been amply and ably done by his noble friend ; nor should he have said a word if the hon . gent . had not said of earl St. Vincent , that under an affected reform he had been guilty of cruelty and oppression . This allusion he knew to be totally unfounded , and that at the dock-yard at Plymouth , very essential reformations had taken place under the auspices of Mr. Tucker ; a more useful reform , perhaps , had never been attempted in this country , and under which greater advantage had arisen , As to oppression in carrying it into effect , there was no evidence in that respect . The hon . gent . 's speech in the house had , from its manner of delivery and matter , given him reason to apprehend , that it would go out of the house as delivered within , and the false impression it was calculated to make ought therefore to be counteracted . The hon . gent . had charged earl St. Vincent with introducing with his name system of terror . As to cruelty and oppression , there was not a tittle to justify that charge ; but as to the system of terror , he knew no other that his lordship could be charged with , except that system of terror to his majesty 's enemies , which he began on the 14th of Feb. 1797 , and which example had been nobly followed by many others of our naval commanders . The noble earl had been the means of