then he did not see any mode that could .answer the purpose , except this vigorous prosecution of the business , which must be conducted in the absence of many members who would wish to be present . There might also be another objection to this point of form . But , however , we had only now to proceed with the evidence for two or three days ; and if it was likely to go to any length , then it would be necessary to adopt some new and extraordinary course ; for he felt that it was necessary , in justice to the accuser and the accused , that the house should come to some decision this session . The hon . gent . who conducted this affair , must feel delay extremely unpleasant , though he certainly was not responsible for the delays of the house of commons ; and , on the other hand , it would be dreadful to keep the accused and his friends in suspence . He thought , therefore , that we should begin directly , and proceed with as much dispatch as the forms of the house would allow . the house then resolved itself into a committee , to consider of the charge , lord Folkestone in the chair . The chairman first desired the serjeant to call lord Teignmouth . Mr. Paull then said a few words , which we could not distinctly hear , relative to the introduction of a short-hand writer . The Speaker said , that pursuant to the practice of the house , it was not usual to make a motion on the subject ; but the clerk on an understanding , would do his duty , —Lord Teignmouth then having appeared at the inside of the bar , the chairman said , `` my lord , 748 there is a chair for your lordship to repose on , if you think proper . '' immediately rose , and proceeded to interrogate his lordship with respect to transactions in India , from the period of his appointment to the post of governor-general . A question being put to the noble lord , with respect to the opinion he entertained of certain treaties , which had been entered into with the native princes , rose , and said , whatever questions were asked should merely relate to facts . He apprehended that the opinion of the noble lord , with regard to written documents , could not , with propriety , be asked ; as the opinion the house should entertain , would be best known from the treaties themselves . said , if he was not allowed to put the question , a part of his charge must remain without proof . said , the only mode the hon . gent . could pursue , was first to prove the fact , and then to produce the treaty , to show in what manner it was broken . did not think the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) would find himself in any difficulty , as he could ask whether any demand was made on the Vizier , in consequence of additional troops ? then proceeded with the examination . Upon the question ; `` if the nabob had made a forcible representation of the conduct of the resident ( Mr. Cherry ) , for improper interference , would your lordship have thought yourself justified in continuing him at Lucknow ? '' Lord Teign-mouth was about to read , from a paper which he held in his hand ; when begged the noble witness might withdraw . He then submitted to the house , whether it was proper the noble lord should read his reply from papers , which were already before the committee ? or whether it would not be better , to prevent the house from having garbled extracts from them enforced upon their attention , and to save time , that the witness should say at once , that the answer was to be found in the papers ? said , he thought also that the reading of papers was