in practice , in order to try , with better chance of success , ( for which we have nothing but his word , ) an experiment which , having failed when we risked but little upon it , he contends we ought now to risk every thing upon it , and try it again . Such being the only temptation which we have , according to the right hon . gent . 's acknowledgment , from the experience of our own country ; we have naturally been desired to look abroad for the encouragement which was not to he found at home . Here , I think , however , the assertions of , the hon . gentlemen have been somewhat , mitigated , and their tone , of confidence somewhat lowered since the last discussion upon this subject . We no longer hear the general and sweeping declarations that all the great military powers have uniformly acted upon the system which the right hon . gent . recommends ; that we have stood alone among nations , and that it becomes us as soon as possible to conform to the general example . Ancient France is , I think , tonight , the solitary instance upon which the hon . gentlemen rely , to which indeed is added the example of Switzerland , with respect to the troops which she has been in the habit of hiring out to foreign powers . As to the Swiss , it requires , I think , but very few words to shew that the mode of raising troops ( however brave and valuable those troops may be ) , to be employed in the service of other powers , can not fairly be cited as a precedent for an army upon , which the defence of their native country is to depend . It is perfectly manifest that it might be utterly impossible to induce men to quit their country for life , especially men amongst whom the love of their country exists in so strong a degree ; and as to the foreign power in whose pay they served , it is equally manifest that the acceptance 465 of their service for a limited term , proves no predilection or partiality on the part of that power for such a species of service , inasmuch as the troops were to be had on no other . The example of ancient France has been as confidently relied upon by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) as before ; but the remarks of the hon . general behind me ( sir James Pulteney ) have , I think , not a little diminished the force of the argument ; and the illustrations of the hon . colonel ( Craufurd ) , who intended , I suppose , to sustain the proposition of his right hon . friend , have done what little was left undone by the hon . general , to demolish it . It is allowed on all hands that faith must be kept with the soldier ; that whatever period you fix for the termination of his engagement , at that period when it arrives , under whatever circumstances , under the pressure of whatever necessity , the soldier must have his discharge if he claims it . It follows that no example can fairly be stated in favour of this plan , which does not chew not only that such engagements were made , but that they were kept sacred and inviolable ; and one instance , even one solitary instance , of the violation of such an engagement on the part of any government which is held out to us as an object of imitation , ought , in my opinion , to operate not as a light to guide us , but as a beacon to alarm and warn us of our danger . How then stands the example of ancient France ? It was stated on a former night by the hon . general , and then sturdily denied , that the engagement of the French government with their soldiery had