. The court of Common Pleas had , indeed , decided in favour of the literal construction of the act of king William , but experience skewed , that doubts were entertained of it in the committees of that house , which , in their reports , only stated the rights of the seat , but always omitted the grounds on which they had formed their decisions . In the Boston committee it was proved , that 4 or 5 guineas were given to each voter for loss of time ; but that did not appear upon the report . On the Coventry election , there was evidence that the voters required the candidate to make a previous deposit of from 1,000 to 2,000 guineas , before the election came on , and yet the sitting member was declared duly elected . If the point then was left still in doubt , they may , in the next election , demand a deposit of 3000 guineas ; and the present bill was meant to set all these doubts at rest . He contended , therefore , that there was a strong necessity for a bill of this nature to set the point at rest . This was his object . He himself had as little interest in the question as any body . He had often received letters on many subject which he brought before the house , abusing him in severe terms , but all the letters he received on this subject were filled with thanks . If the house did not pass this bill , great mischief would be done , for it would be understood that henceforth , money might be freely given . admitted it to be strange enough that his right hon . friend Was in that situation in which friends and foes equally complained of his bill , and for his own part , if no stronger arguments were adduced to spew that such a number of electors should be disfranchised , he felt it his duty to retain all his former objections . He voted indeed for the bill going into a committee , but he not find the invincible objections to it removed . He would not go into the theory of the constitution upon this point , but he had no hesitation in saying , that in our present situation , he was a decided enemy to any dimunition of the electors . His right honourable friend was not well founded in his last observation ; for the negative of that house upon a bill , could neither be argued nor received either in the courts of 574 law or a committee . The bill must be productive of infinite difficulty ; and he would suppose a case , of his taking Mr. Tierney , in the same chaise with himself , to vote for a candidate in the country , in whose favour he felt himself interested ; by the present bill , if he did so , he would be guilty of a breach of the law . The act of king William should either be repealed , or suffered to stand as it was , for it would be very unseemly in that house to pass a bill in favour of candidates , against the electors.—The house then divided on the amendment , when there appeared For it , 42. ; Against it , 17.—Majority 25 . The bill was accordingly thrown out . moved the recommitment of this bill . observed , that an allowance was made to certain corps of volunteers , for clothing , from June to October , and wished to know whether it was to be generally extended to them all ? replied , that he knew of nothing which could produce any difference in the situation of the volunteers from that which was originally proposed at the g opening of time plan . objected to the extraordinary power which the bill gave to the crown , of granting pensions , of the amount of which there was no estimate before the house . replied , that those pensions would be annually under