impossible if the present measure was carried into effect , to have men for a longer period of service ; but surely there was in this case no obstacle , the man enlisted for the first term of service might again enlist for the next term , and continue to engage himself for the remainder of his life . The noble lord , in the beginning of his speech , had , argued , that this measure was an invasion of the king 's prerogative . It was certainly true that the power of the sword , as it was called , rested with the king ; but it unquestionably belonged to parliament to limit that power . There were acts of parliament on the statute book which actually prescribed the exact term for which certain troops therein mentioned should be raised , and beyond which there was no power to retain them . This was the case in two acts , one of the 18th Geo . II . and the other the 29th Geo . II . in the latter of which a certain force was to be raised for 5 years ; and it was remarkable that the year in which this was done , 1756 , was the first year of the seven-years war , and that the five years consequently expired before the termination of that war , yet no reference was made to that circumstance . Many other acts might be quoted , most of which were in their lordships ' recollection , and therefore he would not state them , the object of which was to raise troops for limited service . It had therefore clearly been the practice of parliament to limit , in this respect , the prerogative of the crown , and nothing more was attempted in the principle of this measure than what had been done before by parliament upon various occasions . He was clearly of opinion that this measure would operate to decrease the bounties and diminish desertion . Men would be induced to enlist for a certain and fixed term , and that not a long one , for a much less sum 652 than when the enlistment was for life ; and as to desertion there would certainly be less temptation to desert when the soldier was sure of returning to his family at the expiration of that period ; and when , besides that , in case of desertion , he would lose all the benefits which otherwise would attach , if he conducted himself well during his period of service . As to expence , he did not think there was any objection , as he had no idea that the expence of raising men in the manner proposed could be nearly s great as the mode of raising them at present followed , whilst at the same time there was every reason to believe , that the vacancies occasioned by the expiration of the terms of service would be easily filled up from the operation of those principle in the minds of men which were always operative , and which would meet with a stimulus from the effect of the measure now proposed , As to the noble lord 's observation upon his majesty 's ministers , he should merely say , that he contributed his humble abilities to the service of his country , in conjunction with those with whom he had the honour to act , and whom , he was confident , were only actuated by an anxious zeal to promote the welfare and happiness of their country . argued against the clause , on the ground of its being unnecessary , and not called for by the state of the army . At any rate , he thought that the measure ought rather to have originated as a boon from his majesty , in which case it might have been first tried upon a small scale , than to be at once extended to the whole constitution of the army . The measure also appeared to him defective , inasmuch as there was no provision made for those