cash , 'non datur redditus ; ' the money was like the mouse , in a trap , and was never to be relinquished . There were not , it was true , many petitions against the Additional Force bill ; but if a general understanding had not prevailed that it would be repealed , the table would have been loaded with them . It had been universally felt , that the bill must be repealed ; and his Majesty 's ministers , convinced of the impossibility of its being complied with , never could have pur- 71 sued so unworthy a purpose as that of making people pay fines , amounting to near a million sterling , for not doing those things which they were utterly unable to do . said he thought it would be an injustice to his constituents , who had raised their full quota of men under the act , if they were to have no indemnification for their trouble , expence , and exertions , whilst other counties that had failed of carrying the act into execution , should be released from all penalties . The parishes that did exert themselves , and procured the men for the defence of the country , ought to be paid for their trouble , as an encouragement to zeal and loyalty for the future . observed , that some reflections had been attempted to be cast upon the parish of Mary-la-bonne , for not haying raised any men under the additional force act . The fact was , they were not able to raise a single Man by the provisions of the bill : they would not have recourse to the illegal means of crimping , though others had done so ; and even though the same person ( one of those called crimps ) that had been employed by others , offered his services to them , they still adhered to what was lawful and honourable . Supported the clause . He thought that those counties that had exerted themselves to get the men in the.manner pointed out by thelaw , but had failed , were more meritorious than those that had procured them contrary to law . recommended that a clause should be inserted , in the bill , ordering the amount of the fines remitted or refunded to.parishes , to be put to the fund for the relief of the poor in each Parish or district . He denied that there was any unwillingness on the part of the people in any place that he had any knowledge of , to exert themselves in support of the provisions of the bill . The fact was , so many different militia were brought forward in quick succession after each other , that it was totally impossible to procure the men . observed , that there was a clause in the bill , directing the application of the money to those purposes . observed , that several members had stigmatised the men raised by the Parish bill . For his own part he could assert that he had inspected the rolls , and saw several of the men , and he never saw finer men in his life . The inspecting officer would not have passed them if they were defective . He would also say that if the 72 fines were not remitted , the country would in two months have 5000 men . The remitting of the fines would now encourage people to break acts of parliament . He observed that it might be expedient in some instances to commit a breach of regulation for the defence of the country , and in that case the breach would be more honourable than the observance . said that it was to him one of the most extraordinary assertions he had ever heard in a legislative assembly , that it would be right to break a positive law . With respect to the qualifications of the men for military service , there were letters on the table which shewed there was a secret understanding by which men ; to be raised under the act then discussing