of the soldier 's character was destroyed by the thoughts of leaving the service and returning to his home , he should ask , do not the Swiss also feel a strong desire of returning to their native country , and have not the Swiss been at the same time good soldiers ? Has not even the circumstance of their joyful return to their homes and families , been made a means of encouragement to others to inlist ? When the young men of the country saw the soldier return to his borne with more reputation , more happiness , more of every thing that could give satisfaction to mankind , they wished to embark in the same career . As for the measure proposed being a novel theory , he should only say , that it had been urged in that house 25 years ago , and it was no less than 16 years since his right hon . friend had stated the advantages which might be expected from changing the term of service . In the system proposed , he thought great advantages would be derived , both from the soldiers who stayed after their term was expired , and 473 from those who left the service . Every one who left the service would show to his townsmen , or neighbours , the liberty that was granted to soldiers to return to their homes , and this , he thought , would immediately have a strong effect in recruiting the army . It was strange , that those who had so often argued that there was something in real service , and in the regular army , which attracted persons who inlisted for home service , should , upon the present occasion , contend that it had no such attraction , and that every one must prefer the home service . It was no wild speculation or theory , to calculate upon the common sense and common feelings of mankind . There was no doubt but , that any body who had a horse to dispose of , would rather sell him for twenty guineas than for ten ; and there could be no doubt , but that the military profession must be rendered more attractive by being made more eligible . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had asked , was it necessary to extend our military system ? Had we not an army which , both in discipline and in numbers , was every thing that could be wished ; which was fully efficient for every purpose ? For his part , he could not allow that we did possess an army efficient for all the purposes of the country . It must be remembered , that in the unfortunate campaign on the continent , the country was placed in such a situation , as to witness the defeat of its allies , without a British soldier having an opportunity of striking a blow in their defence . If it be said , that the country had , at that time , an army fully efficient , what must be thought of those ministers who did not apply the means they were possessed of for the annoyance of the enemy , and the support of our allies ? That most disastrous campaign was decided without a British arm being raised , or a musket fired , in defence of the continent of Europe . What would the great duke of Marlborough have said , if the ministers of that day had told him , `` you are certainly the best general in Europe , and our army is very fine , and efficient to all the .purposes of the country ; but we can not give you any force , either to protect our rallies or to attack the enemy ? '' It has been often said , What occasion has this country for a great army , when its fleets ride triumphant in every sea ? He felt considerable confidence in our navy , and shared in that pride which every Briton must feel at the brilliant victories our fleets