, of the whole gross amount of 610,000l . which it was agreed , the quantity of Pig Iron manufactured would , at the rate of 40s , per ton , pro 87 duce in one year , 112,000l . would be for Government , and 208,000l . would be entitled to Drawbacks . Supposing that there were 200 furnaces , and that only one officer were to be required for each , this would produce an expence in collection at least to the amount of 20,000l . so that of the whole sum of 610,000l . only 270,000l . would remain in aid of the national revenue ; and would the noble lord , for such a sum , crush an important manufacture ? The hon . bart . thought it would be preferable at once to abandon the tax , and propose a substitute , as there would , at all events , be a deficiency to provide for by same new measure , the noble lord having taken credit for 500,000l . as the produce of the tax . did not conceive the proposed tax on the raw material as at all likely to have the effect which some gentlemen apprehended upon the higher wrought articles . The fact was , that upon the rate of , such articles the original tax would scarcely have any effect . This tax , he remarked , was opposed altogether by the representations of interested persons , and therefore not entitled to the attention which many gentlemen seemed disposed to attach to them.— He remembered that when the tax upon silk was raised at the rate of from 5s . to 13s . a great outcry was raised among the manufacturers , yet the fact was , that notwithstanding this increase , the silk manufactory had considerably advanced . He was not at all surprised , however , that the Iron merchants wished to shift the burden from their own shoulders to somebody else . This was no more than what was natural . could not admit , that the Excise would be so dangerous as some gentlemen supposed . It had been found the simplest and the cheapest way of collecting a tax . On the other hand , he could not admit , that , because the tax upon wood did not prevent us from building ships , it would therefore be safe to lay a tax on iron also . The fact was , that the Americans , notwithstanding the high price of labour , built ships cheaper than us . Although he disapproved of the tax , he wished the bill to go into a committee , in order to see whether it could be so modified as to be accomodated to the feelings of the manufacturers . If this modification were found practical , he would be ready to grant it that support which he would be happy on all occasions to afford to his right hon . friends on the treasury bench . Petty said , he had forborne to state his sentiments , until he heard the 88 opinions of the several gentlemen who seemed inclined to speak . It was not from pertinacity in his own opinion , that he still supported the tax , but it was from a perseverance , amidst a choice of evils , in preferring the evil of this tax to that of any other which could be supposed to be equally productive . To the proposition for substituting a tax on horses employed in agriculture he thought it unnecessary to make any other reply than that which had been already heard in the course of the debate . A tax upon the landed interest beyond their fair proportion would not , he was sure , be listened to by the house , particularly because that part of the community never manifested any disinclination to bear an equal burthen with others . To assert that the tax before the house , pressed oppressively upon this class , he thought a position that could not for a moment he sustained . For he had the satisfaction of stating