when I find that the present and prevailing opinion of its members is not to issue reluctantly such orders as may from time to time appear to be called for by necessity ; but that the present mode is to issue general and sweeping orders at once , nay , the very desire to have this extended power which the bringing in of this bill implies , is a reason why it should not be given them , as it could not have been asked for but from the wish to exert it . I should therefore say , that I would not assent to any law to enlarge the discretionary power of a government , whose course of conduct was of this description . Gentlemen are therefore running away from the subject , when upon supposition that the discretion of the privy council will prevent an unnecessary use of the powers under the bill , they refuse to grant an enquiry , to see whether the necessities of the colonies could not be supplied by leaving the law as it is . The time such an enquiry would take up , however great , would be no argument against the propriety of it ; but the time would , in fact , be extremely short . The conduct of government in issuing the order to which I have alluded , makes it a moral certainty , that if that law pass , ( such is the opinion and impression of his majesty 's present government ) that the whole Power given under this bill will be employ- 708 ed , and be continued during the whole of the present war . I say this from the best authority—from the actions of his majesty 's ministers ; from the directions to that effect already given ; and I am confirmed in this opinion by what fell from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) on a former discussion of this subject , when he said there was no likelihood that any event could occur , in which the exercise of the discretion by the privy council would not be necessary during the whole of the present war . The truth of the matter is , that the government has no idea of the possibility of this trade being carried on in any other way than they now propose it to be . The same opinion prevailed at the close of the last war ; but an enquiry was then instituted , and it was found that it could be carried on by our own shipping . No man can doubt , that if the same trade be possible during the war , that it ought to be encouraged ; that it would be infinitely desirable not to suspend any part of the navigation laws : why then refuse ourselves the opportunity of knowing the fact ? of affording satisfaction to those who allege that the trade is practicable ? who say they are ready to embark in it ? In satisfaction to our own country we ought to hear them , in order to shew that we do not sacrifice any of its interests unnecessarily ; and even if we were convinced that these gentlemen have taken up a wrong impression , we ought to hear them , if it were only to satisfy them of their error . But as this is not the opinion of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , nor that of the other secretary of state , and as they have so mane other points to attend to , what chance is there of their instituting the enquiry ? The enquiry must be made by the house or it will not be made at all.—Above all , the house would do well to consider the doubt expressed by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , whether the provision of this bill will not require to be extended even to a time of peace ; that is to me , sir , a most alarming doubt coming from such a quarter . It is