in England ; Teak ships for Oak ; the Lascar , or Indian sailor for the British tar ; mid the Ganges for the Thames . The home of his trade is India and it would sot m make India the home of thousands of artificers , agents , and adventurers of all descriptions . At every out-port and subordinate factory , there would be a European public , and in the space of 60 or 70 years the number of Europeans in India , would exceed the number of British Americans in north America when that country declared its independence . Can there be any doubt then of the direct tendency of such a system , if established in regions so munch more distant from the mother country ? The opinion entertained on this subject by a late truly illustrious person—illustrious for his virtues even more than for his services , may be collected from the following short passage in one of his letters dated in November 1794 ; `` I am strongly impressed with a conviction that it will be of essential importance to the interests of Britain that Europeans should be discouraged , and prevented as much as possible , from colonizing , and settling in our possessions in India . '' Whether the utmost human wisdom can do more than delay the event against which the noble marquis meant to guard , is a question beyond our reach ; but it requires no gift of prophecy to be able to pronounce with conscious certainty , that the laying open the trade to the public would accelerate it by at least half a century , and under that conviction , I should have felt it my duty to submit to the committee these observations on the speech of the hon . alderman , even if there had been no other objection to the system which it is his object to recommend , and without alluding to au argument that I am sure would of itself be sufficient to secure its rejection , viz . the injustice it would operate on the East India Company ; but if I differ from the worthy alderman in almost all his deductions , and inferences , from the facts he laid down , I am as little able to concur with the noble lord who followed him in the debate , I mean in his limited view of the existing evils , and his mode of accounting for 1206 the vast increase of our Indian debt , and the sole remedy which he has suggested for the consideration of the committee . The noble lord seems consider our present financial difficulties as the only evil we have to overcome , and war as the only cause , and the remedies he proposes are of course equally confined ; whereas , in my view of our present situation in India , were our debt to be this moment extinguished , very serous evils would still remain ; but , even adopting the-noble lord 's view of the subject , and supposing it only necessary at present to advert to the immediate cause , or causes of the deranged state of our finances in India , it would still be impossible for me to acquiesce in the noble lord 's statement of 13 years of war as the cause of that derangement . Two years ago I heard a similar argument from the right hon . gent . whose loss is so justly deplored , and I heard it then with equal surprize ; because I well knew that during 5 or 6 of the 10 years which he spoke of , the continent of India had not been in a state of war , and that correctly speaking the war in India commenced in 1798 , after the arrival of marquis Wellesley . The noble lord I am sure had too much candour to contend , that the march of a detachment to take possession of Pondicherry , where there was not a shot fired , nor an enemy capable of making the least resistance constituted war in the only sense in