a more correct statement , in order to give satisfaction to the public mind on so important a subject . was surprised , that any such mistake should have occurred , as that of taking arrears of accounts for arrears of balances ; and , in a speech of considerable length , when talking of arrears , which word frequently occurred , that the instant arrears were mentioned , without the addition of accounts , it should immediately be taken to mean arrears of balances . It was , he thought , that kind of mistake which no one could well make , who did not wish to fall into it . in explanation , said , that a certain morning paper had stated the arrears to be arrears of balances to a vast amount . reprobated the misinterpretation of the arrears of accounts into arrears of money ; and explained the mention of Mr. Trotter , as applicable only to the complex situation in which he stood . 361 It was a gross and absurd error , that any person could suppose a sum equal to the national debt was outstanding in balances . adverted to a statement in a morning paper , supposed to be in the interest of government , in which the noble lord was described as representing the amount of the accounts unaudited as recoverable to the public . thought his right hon . friend under him ( Mr. Rose ) a little too tender , as to persons supposed to hold balances in their hands ; and his learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) had distinguished between arrears of balances and arrears of accounts unsettled , as if the latter were not a great evil . He thought accounts long outstanding might create numerous abuses , and produce the worst consequences . He gave the noble lord , therefore , great credit for the attention he had paid to the subject , and the plan by which it was proposed to check abuses of this kind in future . differed with those gentleman who thought these arrears of accounts . He thought , on the contrary , there were arrears of balances also ; he believed the noble lord was of the same opinion ; and he had but little doubt , that large sums would be recovered . In the barrack department alone , an arrear of balances had been lately discovered , by the commission appointed for investigating military accounts ; and that no less a sum than 93,000l . of the public money was in the hands of general Delancey . There were , unquestionably , many more , when the accounts came to be fully enquired into ; and therefore , he thought there was no such great mistake as had been imputed . He hoped the noble lord would never lose sight of that part of his plan for making the auditors account every year . said , he had expressly stated that to be his intention , and be should not depart from it . vindicated the conduct of the clerks in the War-office . Since 1793 , 898 regimental accounts had been settled ; 208 were under examination . The bankruptcy of the great agency house of Ross and Ogilvie had produced great delay . The institution of monthly for half-yearly payments had also retarded the accounts ; but he hoped great facility would be given by the quarterly payments now adopted . I 362 was only the account of the 74th regiment that was in arrear so long . wished every means to be used for facilitating the examination of the public accounts , and particulary those in the War-Office ; but was by no means so sanguine as to imagine , that the arrangement proposed by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) would be so effectual as he appeared to suppose . He observed , that in the whole course of the conversation which this motion had produced , there had been no opposition to the motion itself ; and therefore , the right hon . gent . who made it