their lordships , that there is nearly an end to ship-building , except for the navy , in the several ports of England ; that the discouragement is so great , that very few indeed are building for the merchants ' service , only two at this time in the river Thames ; that the ships we have , are wearing out very fast ; that we shall have none to replace them , and consequently shall be obliged to give up the most beneficial and important trade to the British empire , viz . the carrying-trade—After a short reply from the duke of Clarence , the question was loudly called for , and the house divided ; when there appeared , contents 43 ; —non-contents 18 ; — majority 25 . The bill was then read a third time and passed . A message from the lords announced their lordships ' intention of proceeding further the next day with the trial of lord Melville.—Sir J. Newport presented the Irish Malt Duty bill , which was read a first time.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the Property Tax Duty bill ; which was ordered to be taken into further consideration on Monday . rose to bring forward his promised motion for the production of certain documents relative to the department of Barracks , with a view to institute an enquiry into . certain gross abuses in that department , through the wasteful expenditure of the public money . He said it was now 4 years since he had ventured to obtrude himself upon the attention of the house , by some observations , and a motion , on the very subject which it was now his purpose to offer to their consideration ; namely , the scandalous abuses then existing in the Barrack department ; and he , on that occasion , warned the house of the enormity of those abuses , upon which he had not the good fortune of being able to institute , at that time , any enquiry ; but which now were palpably proved to have existed to the full extent which he then asserted , by the Report of the Military Commissioners . now in his hand , and which for some weeks had lain , most unaccountably , unnoticed upon their table ; and he now ventured to say , that had his advice been then taken , many millions of the public money would have been saved , and tie occasion would have existed for laying such a report before parliament . It was now some years since the house had . been in the habit of voting large sums of money for the erection of Barracks in various parts of the kingdom . ; but those votes had , of late years , increased to an enormous extent . Last year it was 2,300,000l . and for the present year it was 1,700,000l Haying upon a former occasion , attempted in vain to induce the house to go into some investigation , finding his former opinions justified by the report now before the house , and desirous once more to bring , forward the subject to the notice of parliament , it was natural for him to look a little into the cause why this expenditure had so increased , and the more so after he had heard the plea . of necessity which the ministers had set up as a reason for the heavy taxes they had recently imposed 238 upon the people , He felt it incumbent upon him , now that the reins of government had passed into the hands of other ministers , who , he sincerely trusted , would offer no impediment to fair enquiry , to ascertain , if possible , what became of those enormous stuns so voted . At present it was his intention to Move for the production of certain papers relative to the Barrack department , for the purpose of investigating sonic very recent transactions . Without entering into any detail on the subject in the present instance , he should proceed to name the papers