, till that commission was closed , without repealing the act by which it was constituted . said , the right hon . gent . who just sat down , must surely have forgotten what passed about 3 weeks ago , when he was asked by that right hon . gent . himself , whether he meant to go on with the barrack enquiry ? He said , he thought the business had been taken out of his 1179 hands by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer ; but if he did not pursue it , he ( Mr. Robson ) would make a motion on the subject . The right hon . secretary wished him to name the day , as he meant to move for other papers , that would throw more light on the subject . Thus had he been goaded to come forward with the business , and now he had done so , he was told he ought to wait for the report of the commissioners . These commissioners had now been sitting 13 months , and , in all that time , had only produced one report , which might , with case , have been made in 3 weeks ; for it was only an account of the one per cent . which had been overcharged by gen. De Lancey , from his first appointment to the office of barrack-master-general . A Mr. Standbank had said , that it might be 3 years before this commission was closed ; and yet he was told , he was to wait for the report of commissioners who had only made one report in 13 months , respecting one office , and they had five offices to enquire into . He looked upon such commissioners to be more maskers of enquiry , than unfolders of it . Those abuses , he well knew , were at this moment going on to as great an extent as ever ; and as these commissioners were so slow in their motions , he was determined he would not forego his privilege of a member of parliament , of pushing forward an enquiry as speedily as possible . The house would recollect what good had been produced by the naval enquiry . He proposed to enquire into the state of the canteens , and asserted , that the rent of the canteens would pay the expenses of the barracks . He should then be glad to know what had become , or been done with all the money that had been received from canteens ; on which subject he wished to fish for some information . said , he wished to see an enquiry instituted in that house , rather that by commissioners ; because the latter , from the slow progress they made , seemed to look on the people of England as able to bear peculation , in the same way as cooks did the skinning of eels ; because they were so well used to it , they felt nothing from it . wished to know what farther measure the hon . gent . meant to ground on his present motion . then made some observations with regard to a Mr. Atkins , the late barrack-master , who had been dismissed . He stated him to have been formerly an honourable character , and recommended by Sir R. Abercromby to the situation which 1180 he held . It was not found out that he was a pilferer , till he had discovered certain peculations of others , and bad given information of them to the war-office . Till then he was never found out to be dishonest . Sums had been given by way of rent that were perfectly incredible ; and in consequence of his information , they were reduced from 1100l . to 500l . He had been told , also , that these barracks were first furnished by government , and then immediately gutted . When Atkins gave information of those abuses , he was immediately dismissed , without even being confronted by his accusers . He concluded with cordially supporting