; but it is true , on the other hand , that it must operate as an encouragement to them to do all they can : whereas the passing this bill , which will put an end at once to all hope of employment , will slacken their exertions , and diminish their enterprize to such a degree , that if they should be called hereafter before the privy council to make their offer to carry on this trade , they must come there not only with abated ardour , but with their general capacity for the purpose considerably impaired ; so that by this bill we shall then have lost what can never be recovered , But neither is this the extent of the absurdity : ministers will not hear now what the ship-owners have to say upon the general state of the British shipping , by the comparison of which , with the general amount of the demands of the West India colonies , they might be enabled to draw their own conclusions as to the general policy which they 719 ought to adopt . They will examine the ship-owners from time to time , on the spur of each particular necessity . In the name of God , what can the ship-owners know more than I , or any other member of this house may know of the state of things in the West India colonies , at any particular moment , when application is made for relief from a sudden pressure ? Or what probability is there , that called upon , on a sudden , after years of neglect and depression , they will be prepared to come forward to meet the necessity of the moment ? So that now , when you might avail yourselves of the unbiassed intelligence of these gentlemen , when their patriotism and adventurous spirit might be called into action for the service of the state , you will have nothing to do with them ; and when that spirit is enfeebled by disuse , or soured by discouragement , and when the points under your enquiry will be confined simply to the existence or degree of a particular necessity in the West Indies , upon which their testimony can be good for nothing , then you propose to call them before you for examination , and to require from them exertions which you will previously have disabled them from making . But we are told there is a more simple , as well as a more constitutional view in which this matter is to be looked at , and this proceeding recommended . It is said— '' that we have been under the necessity of subscribing to the repeated violations of a law , and that it is more prudent , as well as more constitutional , to provide by legal means for a necessity which we can not obviate . '' The objection to this proposition is that it assumes too much—for it assumes that you can not at any time supply your colonies : it is indeed stated to have been proved by the practice of thirteen years , that we can not supply our colonies ; it is stated as a cheering piece of intelligence to the people of England , that they can not supply their colonies ; it is stated to the ship-owners , that they can not , and shall not , even be permitted to try what they can do towards effecting that object . The hon . and learned gent . the attorney general , exults anti triumphs in the supposed truth , that we can not supply our colonies . I presume the honourable and learned gentleman can not mean to say that we ought not to be desirous of doing so if we had the power . He can not mean to deny , in one instance , that winch is the fundamental law of every country , admitted to be so in all books , and in all writings of all authors on the law of 720 nations ; never known to be contradicted by any rule adopted