with me ) theirs—an inextricable case . thought , that the excessive military charge of nearly 9 millions had caused the embarrassment of the Company 's finances , and that prosperity might now fairly be anticipated . thought the prosperity of India was calculated on estimates never to be realized , and he thought it too much for human patience to hear the arguments urged in their support . in answer to Mr. alderman Prinsep said , that after having already engaged for some time the attention of the house , he would decline following the hon . gent . through all time details of his extraordinary speech , which contained the most extravagant and most unfounded views of the Company 's affairs . It had little or no reference to the ultimate object of the discussion now carried on by the house , which was the improvement of the Company 's state ; its aim was evidently not the amendment but the abolition of the whole of the present system of the Company , and indeed the Company itself . For this he had pressed into his service facts altogether irrelevant , and had employed them in the most unfair and hostile manner . He was the professed 1245 advocate of another system , that of enlarging or rather entirely opening the Private Trade , a question not simply commercial , but involving one of greatest state concerns which could engage the attention of parliament , namely , on what principles India should continue to be held and governed by Great Britain . All that he had said respecting the loss with which he alleged the Company carried on their trade , amounted to mere assertion , and was disproved by the statements , he ( Mr. Grant ) had submitted to the house . The Company 's Profits had , indeed , been diminished , but it was owing in part to the competition of the private traders , who had thereby injured both themselves and the Company . He had equally failed in his attempt to shew that the Company traded on it Revenue Capital . Nothing could be more loose and fallacious , than the data on which he endeavoured to support this idea . But the most surprizing of his assertions was , that the Company required 24 millions sterling to carry on their trade , that is to say , according to him , 21 millions for active capital , and 3 millions for dead capital . Whence did this enormous capital come ? It was impossible for the hon . gent . himself to maintain that it was derived from the revenue ; the hon . gent . affirmed that the Company possessed no property of their own— '' that they had not a single shilling of their stock ; '' —it was evident that their debts in England never amounted to any thing like this sum ; how , then , was the existence of such a capital to be accounted for ? The fact was , such a capital did not exist . The investment of one year out and home , amounted on an average of 10 years ending with 1802–3 , to little more than 5 , millions , and the trade did not require an investment of four successive years before the returns of the first year were ready to he employed again . Nor would the allowance of 3 millions which the hon . gent . was pleased to make for Dead Stock or dead capital , added to all the circulating capital , bring the aggregate amount to nearly the sum of 24 millions . But , according to the hon . gent . 's mode of stating things , the Dead Stock , which he had been pleased to reduce in value from 9,900,000l . to 3,000,000l . must be taken at its full amount , because , whatever it may be worth , it actually cost the Company the sum at which it stands , and therefore he ought to compute the capital invested in their trade at 30,990,000l . instead of 24 millions