tolerated , recourse must be had to other inducements . Parliament must resort to the one or to the other ; either to unlimited bounties , which operated as a premium for desertion , or limited service , which held out allurements to the recruit , by conferring a benefit upon the soldier.—In one part of the noble lord 's speech , it was remarkable that he talked much of the length of a man 's life , which , according to-his estimate , generally reached to 60 years . Here , however , it was the noble lord 's object , to enlarge the amount of the expence to be incurred by the right hon . secretary 's project . But yet , when he .came to that part where it was desirable to .him to depreciate the operation of this project , the noble lordmaintained , that , 7 years being equal to the general estimate of a man 's 493 life , the people would be as little influenced by the mention of that period , as if it were proposed to them to inlist for life . Upon such an estimate of a man 's life , and the observation deduced from it , it . was unnecessary to argue . Common sense must suggest to any man a sufficient answer to it . He would appeal to the plainest understanding , whether , it a tenant who held a lease for 7 years , were to apply to his landlord to exchange it for a lease of his life , the landlord would listen to the proposition ? or whether , if a tenant held a lease for life , he would accede to the . proposal of his landlord , to exchange it for one of 7-years ? To state such a case , was enough to expose the futility of the remark alluded to . But to return to the subject of limited service , the principle was not only sanctioned by the measures to which he . had already referred , but particularly recognized by that provision which granted a bounty to such men as volunteered from the limited to unlimited service . There was , however , much more . in the right hon . secretary 's plan than mere limited service , to procure soldiers , and to please the public But the noble lord 's objection seemed principally to apply to limited service . The noble lord . himself , however , bore testimony to the effects which . must arise from such a measure , when he stated that its adoption would tend to nothing less than to create a mutiny among the veterans in the army , and also to excite discontents in the navy . And why ? truly because it proposed to confer what the noble lord considered as an extraordinary benefit on the army . But , upon this point , it was to be recollected , that although in the American war 78,000 men . were raised for limited service , and in the last French war 40,000 , still no symptom of discontent appeared among the veterans or the navy . But the idea of such discontent existing was quite preposterous . To suppose that any discontent could arise in the navy in consequence of any military arrangement benefiting the soldiery , would be to indulge a supposition by no means honourable to , or consistent with , the character of those who belonged to our navy . As to the veterans , the noble lord 's argument stood thus : the army were satisfied without any addition to their pay or pensions ; and yet , when an addition was to be made to both , they were , the noble lord stated , to become extremely discontented . So much with regard to the noble lord 's allusion to the discontents 494 likely to arise from the plan , and the new operation of the inducements which it held out . Now , as to the connection which the , project under discussion had with the cause of liberty ,