duty to oppose the motion of the hon , gent . said , he could not agree with the noble lord who spoke last , that such a variety of charges and such extensive matters as were brought forward on this occasion , could be centered in one point ; and whether they were or not , they could not be made the foundation of a charge that the noble lord , to whom his country was indebted for having raised her naval glory to so high a pitch , would intentionally work her ruin . Surely the hon . gent . who made these charges , could not believe any such thing . Were it not for the obligation he felt himself under to vindicate the character of the noble admial , he should have felt himself bound , 198 from the situation he now held , to be silent on the present occasion . The hon . gent . who brought forward this question , had said , it was a matter of indifference to him how the house disposed of it ; and the hon . seconder of the motion said , he knew nothing of the matter . If this subject referred solely to the question , whether or not any shipping should be built in the merchants ' yards , as the noble lord who had just sat down had stated , he should not feel it necessary to enter into it . But the hon . mover had adduced a number of statements , so calculated to make a false impression , that he thought it proper to say something , in order that nothing should go forth to the country that had a tendency to mislead the public opinion . The hon . mover 's charges , as well as he could recollect , seemed to be supineness , negligence , and culpable inactivity on the part of lord St. Vincent . A charge of any nature against an illustrious person , whose reputation stood as high , and in whom the country felt such an interest , would , he confessed , at any time , excite his regret ; but the charges now advanced against him , he could not hear but with surprise . What ! to accuse lord St. Vincent of supineness ! The noble lord who last addressed the house , had particularly dwelt upon the energy of the noble earl , and observed , that that energy was on some occasions carried to the extreme of rigour . Others had sometimes said , the noble earl was rather too violent . But now , for the first time , he believed in his life , that noble earl was accused of supineness . In order , however , to support this singular accusation , the hon . mover had entered into various details , but contriving to make these details as favourable to his object as possible , he drew all his comparisons from periods which were most unfairly contrasted . The hon . mover dwelt upon the difference of our shipping , in numerical force , at the conclusion of the last war , and the commencement of the present , and this difference he attributed to the mal-administration of earl St. Vincent . Now , what was the fact ? Why , that at the close of the war , such was the state of our fleet , that there were only 2 sail of the line actually in good condition ; and yet , although at the commencement of this war , there were only 36 sail fit for service , we had in 12 months afterwards no less than 88 sail in commission , and now we had 101 , together with 8 fitting out from a state of ordi- 199 nary . Now , if such a force , repaired so soon after a ten years ' war , were compared with the force in commission at the beginning of the last war , the house would be enabled to judge how far inactivity was imputable to lord St. Vincent . At