entertained to the principle of the bill , particularly as it went to violate the faith of parliament , pledged to the public , on their commuting compulsory training for voluntary enrolment , and as affecting the prerogative of the crown . If the object of the measure was to diffuse amongst the youth of the country the practice of arms , he thought the exemption from its operation , allowed for so small a sum as 51. was a radical absurdity . The change of the volunteers had been said to be for the purpose of having an officered , and a disposable force ; but lie would give the lord Advocate all the time he had required for framing a bill , to devise , if he could , a description of force that would be less efficient , connected , and applicable to the purpose of regular service , than the 200,000 men , who were to be drawn out in splendid array under a few constables and drill-serjeants . He then adverted to the state of uncertainty which the volunteers were laid in , as to the conduct ultimately intended to be pursued towards them by government ; and concluded by observing , that this bill went to discredit a force upon which we could rely , and to substitute the crude produce of an experiment ; and that it was as much inferior to the bill it went to supersede , as the mind of Mr. Pitt was superior to that which actuated the present measures . began by taking notice of the expressions which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , so frequently indulged in , about ministers claiming all the talent and weight in the country . This was a thing which appeared peculiarly to rankle in that right hon . gent . 's mind , and in the minds of those who sat near him , and entered with so much rapture into most of their speeches . Neither ministers , nor any of their immediate friends , had ever made use of any expression that amounted to such a claim . He could not say whether it was , an injudicious friend , or a splenetic 915 enemy who first used that sort of language to which the rt . hon . gent . so frequently winded . Ministers , however , had repeatedly denied having denied having ever put in such a claim , but they perceived that it gave the hon . gentlemen on the other side an infinite degree of pleasure in repeating it ; while on the other side they might be assured that it gave no pain either to him or to his friends . The reason that he had expressly assigned for not extending the bill to Scotland in the present session , was not from any dissatisfaction which he supposed to prevail there , but merely from the absence of the Scotch members , whom he would with previously to consult . As compulsion was the principle of the militia system , it appeared to him most strange , that militia colonels should inveigh against this measure as being compulsory . It put him in mind of an observation he had heard , that the most plausible schemes of retrenchments and paying off the national debt , often came from persons imprisoned for debt in the King 's Bench and Fleet Prison . It also appeared to him most strange , that this could be said to be more compulsory , than the Training act of a former administration , when it was recollected , that in the present bill , it was provided , that the service might be commuted for a fine , whereas under the former system no such commutation was allowed . Gentlemen on the other side had often stated , that certain expressions which he was supposed to have used at a former period , must tend greatly to the dissolution of the volunteers . If it were true that he had used those expressions , which he denied , and even if those expressions