for limited service never amounted at any one time to 5000 men ; a very insufficient precedent for placing the whole British army on that footing , and a precedent which we ought surely to have some better reason to induce us to adopt , than the fact that those who formerly practised it have now finally abandoned it.—Finding little support from the practice of past times in the East Indies , the next resource is to look for consolation in What futurity is to bring about for us in the West . And here , sir , agreeing , as I most cordially do , in the opinions and feelings of my hon . friend on the bench below me ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , respecting the great question of the 547 abolition of the slave trade , I really can not help lamenting ( and I am sure I say it with every , possible respect to him ) , that his wishes upon this subject should . so far have warped , his judgment , as to lead him to believe that he saw in the speedy abolition of the slave trade a safe and certain solution of all the difficulties of colonial service . The slave trade once abolished , my hon . friend tells us , the whole system of negro slavery will be so mitigated and improved , that the internal defence of the islands may be intrusted in a great measure to their own labouring population.—I can truly say , sir , that I would net willingly damp my hon . friend 's ardour in this great cause , nor would I abate a jot of the sanguineness of his expectation , if sanguine expectation were of itself a security for speedy accomplishment . But after 20 years of annually . repeated failure , I do not think that one can rationally look with so much confidence to immediate success . God forbid that this consideration should discourage me hon . friend , or slacken his exertions for the attainment of his object ! but I can not agree with him in reckoning upon that object as already attained , so confidently as to begin already to anticipate its consequences , still less to consider them as immediate and available . The warm heart and eager imagination of my hon . friend must have been cruelly imposed upon , if he has been persuaded to consider the abolition of the Slave trade as linked with the measure now before the house ; and though I should be glad to account , from so amiable a motive , for the support which he has ( otherwise I think unaccountably ) given it , I am afraid that it is but too easy at once to subvert and destroy the very foundation of the supposed connection between the two measures , by shewing him that this clause for limitation of service is precisely that which would make the use of a negro force to any considerable extent unavailable , even if by the abolition of the slave trade , and the consequent amelioration of the situation of the negroes , it should have become in other respects safe and desirable so to employ them . Nay , I am much mistaken if this alteration of the term of service does not strike at the root of the establishment of black corps , even as far as they at present exist . It certainly would do so if the negroes were in that state of improvement which my hon . friend anticipates.—I request my hon . friend to look at the clause in which the oath to be taken by all soldiers is prescribed ; 548 he will see that there is no exception or qualification whatever ; and he will see , a negro enlisted under this mutiny act could claim his discharge at the end 7 years . Now , whatever confidence my hon . friend may have in the dispositions that are to grow out of their improved situation hereafter , I do not apprehend that it can be even his project to