Administration of Justice in Scotland . His noble friend , in consequence of indisposition , would be unable to be in his place the next day ; and , therefore , he wished to postpone the order till the next day se'nnight , when his noble friend would probably be enabled to attend . The order for summoning their lordships for the next day was discharged , and renewed for the next day se'nnight.—The order for the attendance of witnesses , relative to the case of Mr. Justice Fox , which stood for the next day , was , on the motion of lord Walsingham , discharged , and renewed for Wednesday next , on which day the lords were ordered to be summoned.—Strangers were ordered to withdraw ; and their lordships resumed the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord viscount Melville . The judges attended , and delivered their opinion , in answer to the questions referred to them on Tuesday . The discussion afterwards continued till half past eleven o'clock , when the further consideration of the subject was deferred till the next day . Mr. D. Davenport took the oaths and his seat for Cheshire , in the room of Mr. Egertou , deceased.—The Customs Fees Abolition bill was brought up , and read a first time.—The house resolved itself into a committee on the Scotch Distillery acts . Mr Vansittart stated various inconveniences , that arose from the present mode of collecting the duties on distilleries in Scotland ; and concluded by moving , that they should be collected in the form mentioned in the resolutions which he was about to propose . These were handed to the chairman ( Mr. Hobhouse ) ; who took the sense of the committee , whether , as the particulars were to appear on the Votes , he should then read them . The sense of the house being against reading the particulars then ; the resolutions were agreed to , and the house resumed.—Mr . Foster rose , pursuant to notice , to move for papers relative to the Corn Trade . He accordingly moved for several accounts respecting the quantity of corn , flour , & c. imported and exported , between Great Britain and Ireland , for the last 12 years ; the drawbacks and bounties allowed , during the same period , for exports and imports of corn , to and from Great Britain and Ireland , and the Ameri- 517 can colonies ; together with the average prices ; which were ordered accordingly.—Lord Castlereagh moved for so much of a letter , dated the 4th of December , 1800 , of the court of directors to the Bengal government , as related to the transactions in Oude . Ordered.—Mr . Paull moved for the production of the correspondence of the Bengal government with col. Scott , respecting the arrangements made by marquis Wellesley , pursuant to the treaty of Lucknow concluded in 1801 . These papers had before been moved for ; but then were thirteen omissions in the correspondence , all of them , in his opinion , of importance . Lord Castlereagh , after what had passed the preceding night , trusted that he might be allowed to state how the matter stood . Strictly speaking , the late board of control was not a party to the return at all , for it had been made by the present hoard ; therefore , if there was anything improper in the discretion exercised the present board was responsible . But he had no objection to state what would have been the course , had they continued in office . They had determined to keep back part of the papers ; but left them in such a state , that their successors might judge for themselves . However , he had stated , confidentially , to the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Creevey ) his views upon the subject : they wished to withhold that part which related to the private character of the nabob vizier , which they considered it as disrespectful to him to publish