from any peculiar favour to the cyder counties . On the contrary , he saw no objection to a small duty on it by way of licence . He agreed in the hardship which it might be to make those farmers who only brewed in time of harvest , take out a licence to the same amount as if they brewed their beer all the year round . This might be remedied by limiting the sum so to be paid by them to a composition during the autumn months . objected to the tax on the cyder counties , and also to that sort of criterion of gentlemen 's circumstances that was to be drawn from their keeping a carriage , which , to many men of small incomes , was frequently more a matter of mere convenience than of luxury . He considered this to be a tax on female servants . He suggested , as a better succedaneum of revenue than the beverage of poor families , the race of strapping six-feet men-milliners , who crowded the shops of the metropolis . replied , that females were no more taxed by this measure , than for the beer they drank ; and if it was any pleasure to him , the hon . bart . might be assured . that the strapping six-feet men-milliners were as much subject to this tax as any other persons . saw no reason why cyder should escape . He hoped , however , that the malt which grew in Scotland , a part of the country which was increasing in prosperity more than any other , would undergo a more regular rate of taxation . He maintained , that from the hospitality shewn in the country more than prevailed in London , the tax would operate with double severity on those who resided there . In one instance , however , be hoped it would be attended with good consequences —in repressing contested elections . replied , that if the hon . gent . was disposed to be so very hospitable , he had only to take out the licence , and then be might be as hospitable as he pleased . thought the tax would , to all intents and purposes , be a tax on female servants , to which he was decidedly averse ; better , infinitely , to tax those worthless animals , called men-milliners , to whom the hon . bart . had so properly alluded . replied , that this was no more to be called a tax on female servants , than a tax on gloves would be . said , that , fond as he was of home-made beer , sooner than be subject to the excise , he would give tip his brewery . He should prefer , instead of the option , to have a direct licence , in the same manner as for killing game . supported the measure , observing , that this was not a compulsory introduction of the excise , and if a man preferred it , he had no hardship to complain of . He also wished the tax not to be upon the malt in the first intance , as that would exempt the poor from the operation of it . approved of the tax , which , he said he had himself suggested to the treasury last year . He preferred a licence , without an alternative , and thought the cyder counties should pay their proportion to the duty . said , he had not the slightest objection to the tax proposed by the noble lord , so far as it affected himself , and should cheerfully submit to it— [ a laugh ] . But he would not go quite so far on the behalf of his constituents at Stafford , many of whom were poor , but honest , industrious men , who were in the habit of brewing a little ale for their own families : they certainly brewed a very good sort , and he must do them the justice to say , that they did ample justice to their