has no longer any occasion for his services ; when at the same time the man knows that he has sworn to continue in the service with that precise condition that the king shall so long have occasion for his services . If this was wrong , he would ask again , what would become of the annual mutiny bill ? Instead of these circumstances being objectionable , he should think it a considerable advantage to have such men 613 to recruit from , at the commencement of a war , or any other emergency . If it was true that such men were dangerous amongst us , then we must be considered as a most unwarlike people , who have nothing in ourselves for defence , but must entirely depend upon a standing army . explained his objection to be , that after this bill , men would be receiving the pay of soldiers , without being really such . thought it strange that a measure of so much importance should be debated and pressed forward in so thin an attendance . said , he had a number of objections to offer , which he wished to submit at considerable length , but he thought it improper to be under time necessity of doing so , when there were not members present sufficient to constitute a house . replied , that he came down to the house in full confidence that no opposition would be made in this last stage of a bill , which had been so fully discussed before , and he was convinced it was under the same impression so many gentlemen left the house . then moved , that the house should be counted ; upon which the gallery was cleared , and there being no more than 35 members present , the house accordingly adjourned . Their lordships proceeded in the usual form to Westminster-hall , previous to which lord Hood of Catherington was introduced , and took the oaths and his seat.—They returned about four , when the house came to a resolution , `` That this house , having taken into consideration the articles of impeachment against Henry lord viscount Melville , do acquit the said Henry lord viscount Melville thereof , and he is hereby acquitted of all the high crimes and misdemeanours on the articles of charge exhibited against him by the commons , and of all matters and things therein contained , and this house do hereby dismiss the said impeachment . `` —An order , usual on such occasions , was made relative to the publication of the trial , and after transacting some private business the house adjourned . brought in a bill for altering and amending the London Docks act , so far as related to compensation , which was read a first , and ordered to be read a second time.—Petitions were brought up from the inhabitants of Stoke Newington , the inhabitants of Stratford-le-Bow , and the inhabitants of Christ Church , against the East London Water Works bill , which were severally ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Vansittart brought up the Additional Assessed Tax Duty bill , which was read a first , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—The Irish Linen Drawback bill went through a committee , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . moved for the production of some unaudited accounts in the department of the secretary at war , namely , those of a gentleman named Lukin , a relation of Mr. Windham , and on whom that right hon . gent . while secretary at war , had conferred an employment in the department relating to foreign troops ; and also for the unaudited accounts of Mr. Wickham , while attendant on the armies of our allies on the Continent , during the last war . The right hon . gent . in moving for these papers , made some allusions to the oddity of the circumstance , that Mr. Lukin , who was the relation of the right hon . gent . at the head of the war department ,