other condition . This was an abridgement of the power and an infringement of the prerogative of the crown , by taking from the king that power over the army which had hitherto been constitutionally vested in the crown . A measure too which went to change the whole constitution of the army , was introduced in the shape of a clause in the Mutiny bill , thus leaving that house no choice but between the dangerous nature of the experiment attempted to be tried , and the inconveniencies which would result from the disorganization of the army in consequence of not passing the Mutiny bill . Thus also would his majesty be called upon to sacrifice a material portion of his power and his prerogative , because it would be said that the Mutiny bill must be passed or else the army could not be kept together . Those who on a former occasion advised his majesty not to give his assent to a bill which went to abridge the king 's prerogative , but the refusal to sanction which only left things as they were , could not now say that no other consequence would result than leaving things as they were , they might say , your ministers have made a bill different to that which your majesty ordered to be brought in , but a Mutiny bill must be sanctioned or the army can not exist . spoke to order . The noble 649 earl had , he said , no right to state , that his majesty had ordered a bill to be brought in . proceeded . The present measure was , he said , of the same character with those before proposed by an administration , in which it was said so much of the talent and ability of the country was concentrated . To judge of their measures ex pede Herculem , it was Hercules With his club , acting the part of a destroyer , and not as a renovator ; former measures were done away and destroyed , but where were the substitutes ? He professed the highest respect for the noble lord at the head of his majesty 's government , for his ability , his integrity , and his anxious desire to serve his country . For the head of the administration he had the highest respect , but he did not like the stern of it ; he did not like the principles of the stern ; he feared their operation . With respect to the measure which was more immediately the subject of deliberation in the committee , wonderful effects , it had been predicted , would be produced by its operation . It had been said in other places , that the condition of the army would be improved , its strength increased , that bounties would decrease , and desertions be diminished . He did not believe that any such benefits would result from the measure . How was it possible , that under the proposed regulations relative to limited service , the army could be kept up ? Taking the whole number of the army at 200,000 men , enlisted for limited service , as proposed , at the end of 7 years , and every year afterwards a seventh part of that number must be discharged , amounting to about 28,000 men ; this , added to the waste of men in the course of a year , amounting to about 12,000 , would make up the number of 40,000 men to be recruited every year , and how was it possible to raise such a number of men in this country in the course of one year ? He was thoroughly convinced that the army could not be kept up in that manner without having recourse to a military conscription , or some compulsory measure of that description . Such a measure as that now proposed would , besides , give rise to a system of continual recruiting , drunkenness , and canvas for the purpose of inducing men whose terms were near expiring to enlist again . He begged pardon