latter had been as constantly denied by , as attri- 602 buted to , the supporters of the former . He thought the character of the West-India planters , who had refused the suggestion of government to make the killing of negroes murder , hardly entitled them to the consideration gentlemen seemed to think they ought to have . He thought it was only by attention to the morals of the negroes that their decrease in the colonies could be prevented . By memorials from two clergymen at Dominica , is appeared , that not only no registers of deaths and births were kept in that island , but marriages were never practised there at all amongst the slaves . As long as the trade continued , he thought the avocation of those employed in it could not be distinguished by other epithets than those of rapine , bloodshed , and murder . Mr. Bryan Edwards had declared , in the face of the whole island of Jamaica , that to distinguish it by another name was a mere mockery , and all travellers had afforded one uniform general evidence to the same end . The hon . gent . in answer to the observations on the other side , observed , that the only towns in England now interested in this trade , were London , Bristol , and Liverpool . Bristol had relinquished it , London was nearly approaching to the same , and he trusted ere long , Liverpool would follow so good an example , and that persons engaged in this trade of blood and rapine will soon be ashamed to show their faces in society . He concluded by saying , he never could permit this measure to pass without expressing his sentiments upon it ; he therefore heartily concurred in the present motion . assured the house , that at present he wished nothing more than the abolition of the slave trade ; when a proper period , however , should arrive , and that the concurrence of other powers should be obtained , he would not hesitate to , say that slavery itself ought not to be suffered to remain among the institutions of any civilized state . made a most able and animated reply , which , we regret it is not in our power to detail at length . It had been , stated that he had been lukewarm upon the present question ; but he appealed to the house whether he had not zealously and uniformly reprobated the slave trade . It had been said , that this might have been brought forward at an earlier period , to this he partly pleaded guilty ; but it was the opinion of those with whom he had the honour to act , that the Colonial bill should first pass , and then they could bring forward this measure with more propriety . The house , be con- 603 sidered , was pledged upon this subject , and it was now their business to redeem that pledge ; he confessed he felt sanguine in the success of this measure , but if it should fail , he trusted some other plan more eligible would be adopted . The Abolition of the Slave Trade would lead to .the abolition of slavery altogether in the West Indies ; but he totally differed with some gentlemen , who thought the former could not be done without the consent of those islands , for if this was to be the case , no consent whatever would be granted . With respect to compensation ; when the claim was well made out , let the abolition be enacted , and if then shewn that any injury had been sustained , let that be remunerated . But he could not , agree to the general principle that injury must be sustained , and compensation must be granted . He heartily rejoiced at the unanimity of the house , and declared he would take the earliest opportunity possible at the commencement of the next sessions of parliament , for carrying the measure into complete execution.—The question being loudly called