his ( Mr. Laurence Sullivan ) , who , after a long life , thirty years of which were passed in the chief management of the affairs of the India company , had reposed in his grave full twenty years . —That there are still living many persons , some perhaps now in that house , who must remember the plenitude of power with which Mr. Sullivan directed the affairs of India , with little intermission , from the year 1757 to 1786 . The hon . member might , himself , possibly recollect the contest for supremacy , in 1768 , between lord Clive and Mr. Sullivan : that contest was sustained with warmth , and an exertion of interest that seldom had been equalled in the party-struggles of this country . The law which had since rendered it necessary that India stock should be held a year before a proprietor could be qualified to vote , did not then exist . Mr. Sullivan , and Mr. Vansittart , who had united with him ( he alluded to the father of a right hon . gent. , now an ornament to the house ) extended their interest , by entrusting stock amongst persons who were attached to them respectively : that in the number of persons of this description , were Mr. William Burke and Mr. Lauchlin Macleane , who had , each , been under-secretaries of state ; that those gentlemen became , in consequence , largely indebted to Mr. Sullivan ; that they both went out of the world without having discharged this debt . That each of these gentlemen had become agents to native princes in India . Mr. Macleane was lost on his return from that country , in 1782 418 or 1783 , being at that time in the service of the nabob of the Carnatic . That the executor of Mr. Macleane , Mr. Stuart , who was secretary to the mission , had a knowledge of this long-standing debt to Mr. Sullivan ; and , in urging the claims of Mr. Macleane upon the nabob , he represented it to him , and recommended that provision might be made for the payment of it , as Mr. Sullivan , in his old age , was in embarrassed circumstances . The bond to Mr. Stuart , in trust for Mr. Sullivan , was the consequence of this representation . It is dated February 5 , 1785 . Mr. Sullivan was informed of this transaction in the summer of that year . He immediately wrote to him ( Mr. John Sullivan ) , desiring that he would take measures to have the bond cancelled ; for though the transaction was fair and honourable , yet , as he was a public man , it was open to misconstruction . That letter was on its way to India , when he was on his passage to England ; had he received it there , entering fully into the honourable and high feelings of his friend , he would have acted upon it . That Mr Sullivan died a short time after his arrival in England . Upon his death , his son called on Mr. J. Sullivan to assist in the arrangement of his father 's affairs . They found them to be involved beyond the extent of all the property he left . Under these circumstances , they could not consider themselves at liberty to act as the high spirit of that distinguished man had directed . The bond was , in fact , the property of his creditors , and they could not , in justice , deprive them of any benefit that might arise out of it.—They had also considered , that the man whose influence had rewarded the services of colonel Clive , by appointing him to the government of Bengal , had placed Mr. Vansittart in that high office ; had put the British interests in India under the care and guardianship of Mr. Hastings ; the man who had been the friend and patron of Lawrence and Callaird ; through whose influence lord Macartney had been appointed to the