. Mr. Grant supposed that the capital actually employed by the 1246 Company in their commerce , independent of their floating credits by India Bonds , Bills of Exchange , and goods bought on time , might , on an average of the 10 years before mentioned , be from 10 to 12 millions . Of capital to this extent , the hon . gent . 's own statement allowed the Company to be actually possessed , although he was pleased to affirm that they had no resource for investment ; they likewise still enjoyed the credits just noticed , although he had further affirmed , that their faculty of borrowing seemed completely extinguished . It was the hon . gent . 's object to disparage the Company as an organ for carrying on the national commerce with India , and to extol the channel of the private trade in which he was personally interested ; to supersede a tried and steady channel which had answered its purpose for two centuries , and had contributed to raise the prosperity of tie country , in order to favour another channel very uncertain in its extent or permanence . This was not the time to enter into a question which could not be justly treated without taking a comprehensive view of many topics connected with it , but such vague and unwarranted assertions as the hon . gent . dealt in , could have no weight in settling this question . He had boasted of the great Exports sent from this country to India when an experiment was allowed to be made by the private merchants . The fact was , the experiment did not increase the exports of the country , but only shifted them for that time from Company 's to private ships , which by sailing sooner , anticipated the exports the Company 's ships would otherwise have carried out.—The hon . gent . professed to give the history of the capital of the Company ab ovo , and begun with the year 1698 , in which , according to him , the first capital was founded . But , unfortunately for him , he had begun a century too late , the Company , as every body knew , having been first incorporated in 1600 . The Company formed in 1698 , was a second Company , the first still continuing , and an instance very unhappily chosen by the hon . gent . ; because that second Company was composed of merchants who envied the first , and the consequence was , that by the effect of rivalship and competition , raising the prices upon each other in their purchases , and lowering them upon each other in their sales , they were both brought to the brink of ruin , and at length , for self preservation obliged in the course of a few years to coalesce , which produced the United East In- 1247 dia Company , subsisting at this day . The hon . gent . affected to consider the active capital of the Company as at all times contemptible . The detached circumstances he mentioned to prove this strange assertion , did not at all establish it , and still less the annual amount of the Company 's trade which was the true question ; but without entering minutely into this point , was it not universally known that the Company had carried on their trade for a century and a half without any aid of capital from revenue or government ; that they had become great by their trade , and had at length acquired territory and dominion , chiefly by their own commercial resources ? What more could be necessary to show that their means had been equal to the production of great prosperity and power to themselves and the state ? It was with great injustice therefore , that the hon . gent . attempted to degrade their means , their profits , their solvency , or their stability , by such rash and unwarranted assertion as he had ventured to utter . They could have no weight with those