some fresh arguments against the bill , when he was prevented by the speaker , who observed that he must confine himself to explanation . On intimating , that the speaker did not deal with him as with others , the speaker , appealed to the house , Whether he deserved the reproach that the hon . gent . had cast upon him . [ Loud cries of chair ! chair ! ] —The bill was then ordered to be read a 2d time to-morrow . moved , that the house should go into a committee of supply , and that there should be instructions to the committee , to make compensation to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , and to make some allowance to the Commissioners of Military Enquiry ; and that the Veterinary College petition , and Bell Rock report , should be referred to the committee . Ordered.—In the committee , lord Henry Petty stated , that the first resolution which he should have to propose was , one respecting an increased allowance to the princess Sophia of Gloucester , founded on the particular circumstances of her case . The other princesses bad not lost their parents , and had the benefit of survivorships ; which was not the case with her . Instead , therefore , of 4,000l . annually , which had been voted before , he would now move , that an allowance of 5,000l . a year , should be made to the princess Sophia of Gloucester , in lieu of 4,000l . which had been charged on the aggregate fund ; and , also , an additional allowance of 2,000l . to commence from the death of her mother , the duchess of Gloucester . Agreed to.—The next resolution which he had to propose was , a compensation to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , who had drawn near to the close of their labours . This , no doubt , would be granted , with plea 1018 sure , by every member of the house . He , therefore , moved , that the sum of 26,500l . should be granted to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , as a recompense for the diligence and ability with which they had discharged the trust reposed in them by parliament ; and that this sum should be paid without any fee or deduction whatever . Ordered.—He next moved , that 10,500l . should be granted , on account , to the Commissioners of Military Enquiry ; and that this should be paid without any fee or deduction . agreed most cordially in the grant that had been made to the Naval Commissioners ; but , as to the present resolution , he thought that we ought to see a little more of the labours of the military commissioners , before such a sum was voted for them ; as yet , they had done nothing to deserve it ; but , he would not insist on the objection , if the noble lord was resolved to carry his motion . said , that the sum was different from that granted to the Naval Commissioners , and the sum was only granted on account . He agreed , that we had not equal experience of their services , nor could we as yet ; but , as nobody could say that they had not done their duty satisfactorily , it was reasonable to grant this suns on account . Besides , the hon . gent . seemed to have forgot , that they had already presented a laborious report to the house , stating a particular abuse ; and he was happy to have it to state to the house , and the public , that , in consequence of the discovery which they had made , and the steps taken upon it , government was in possession of security for the balance due to the public . said , that the principle upon which the hon . gentleman 's argument seemed . to proceed was , `` no abuse , no pay . '' Were the commissioners to be paid , only in