, upon what the witnesses have said at the bar . Where-ever merely the evidence on one side is heard , it can only be considered as ex parte evidence . Whatever therefore may have been sworn , nothing has been proved—nothing is proved till the witnesses on both sides have given their testimony . I wish to have it clearly understood , that no part of the opinion I entertain rests in the smallest degree on the facts I have stated , that I am convinced we are proceeding against the law and the constitution of the country ; that we are engaged in a proceeding which will deprive the house of commons of one of its most valuable and important privileges , or bring the whole court of parliament into slander and disrepute . It is not only a suggestion individually by a peer in his place , but it is the complaint of parties stating themselves to be aggrieved . My lords , in every case of wrong , the laws of this country have provided a lawful remedy . In every case of crime , the laws have pointed out a lawful course of prosecution . If it is the intention of any noble lord to argue this case , by saying that we are beginning in a course of deliberate consideration , I answer , that we are proceeding in a case of crime and misdemeanor , and it does not become your lordships , who are not a court of original jurisdiction , to entertain , at the suggestion of parties , either a matter of private wrong , or of crime and misdemeanor , 760 which can only be brought on in the commons . This is a case as clearly excluded , not from your power , perhaps , but from all lawful and prudent exercise of your power , as if your lordships were to decide whether an individual , who was to be tried before another court , had or had not committed murder . You are called to try that which is matter of trial in the court below , which may eventually be brought here , and therefore ought not to be prejudiced . If it be incompetent for this house to entertain the complaints of private parties , how much more strongly ought prudence to induce you to adhere , with the most scrupulous attention , to the rule for which I am contending , especially where the party aggrieved is in the situation of an officer or at least of a person exercising functions in the court . If you once open the door to this question , I ask your lordships , whether other subjects of the country will not think themselves entitled to the same sort of redress as Mr. Armstrong , one of the petitioners in this case ? How will you henceforth shut your doors against any person , who , instead of prosecuting his complaint in the ordinary way , shall come to your lordships and say , that the judge of the last assizes decided a cause against him , or that he made some observations reflecting upon his character as one of the jury ? He might say , I know other modes of redress are open to me , but I prefer coming to the bar of this house , to desire your lordships to investigate all these matters , and to go into the whole trial of John Nokes and Thomas Styles . Where can the line be drawn between the personal grievance of any man , by Mr. justice Fox in Ireland , or the grievance of any person in this country , who may think proper to quarrel with the verdict of the judge the next summer assizes ? See also in what a situation you will place the judges . Against all other modes of proceeding , they have their protection . They know the confidence which the law reposes in persons invested with the judicial character . They know the power the law gives them , and the high responsibility attached to them