the table , relative to the Naval department ; and to bring forward and substantiate the Charges which I have made of misconduct and neglect against the earl of St. Vincent , during the time he presided at the board of admiralty , for which I stand pledged to this house and to the public . I flatter myself , sir , that the house will do me the justice to believe , what I at first declared , and now upon my honour repeat , that I did undertake the task of public accusation of his lordship , without previous consultation with any person whatever ; but not without having good grounds for the accusation , and , sufficient information to warrant it . Still however , I had not any intention of doing it on the day I at first addressed this house ; but was , at that time , solely impelled by the repeated , illtimed , and extravagant praises of the earl of St. Vincent 's zealous , but mistaken friends . I then felt , as I now feel , that I was , and am , discharging a duty which every member ought to feel when the interests of the country are at stake ; and , at a time when our very existence as a great , free , and independent state is threatened and endangered . The task I have undertaken I by no means repent . I only lament that it has not fallen into more able hands ; but , as I pursued my enquiries , I have derived strength and confidence from the strength of my cause , in point of substantial proofs founded on facts authentically recorded . On these I mow proceed , intreating the patient attention and candid hearing of this house.—Before I adduce any charges against earl St. Vincent for unprecedented neglect in building and repairing of ships whilst his lordship presided at the board of admiralty ; and with delivering up the navy to his successor in a far less efficient state than that in which he received it ; it is important that I should shew what exertions were made during a period of several years preceding his lordship 's administration ; and what exertions are necessary to preserve the Navy in an effective and powerful state . Having done this , it will only remain for me to shew , whether earl St. Vincent followed the footsteps of his predecessors in making provision equal to theirs ; and whether his measures were generally such as the situation of the country demanded . — By an account presented the 28th of May , it appears that no less than 42 sail of the 160 line and 45 frigates were launched between 1783 and 1792 , a period of peace previous to the last war . This proves , that building to a great extent , and thereby recruiting our navy , was deemed highly necessary in time of peace ; and its beneficial effects have been fully felt in the late war . It is worthy of remark , that out of the number so built , 30 of the 42 sail of the line , and 41 of the 45 frigates , were launched from the merchants ' yards . So that , even in peace we were indebted to the merchants ' yards for the greater part of our naval strength ; although perhaps the necessity for so doing might have been less urgent , than earl St. Vincent expressed it to be in his letter of 29th Dec. 1802 , on which I shall have occasion to observe more fully.—But , sir , I shall shew , that notwithstanding the laudable attention paid to building ships , it is notorious that the greatest exertions were also made in all the king 's yards in repairing ships during the whole of the peace preceding the last war ; and that , in that time ( as I have just stated ) 42 sail of the line and 45 frigates were built , so that the good state and condition of