no evidence , that the commerce owed any thing to the territory , or that any part of the increase of the India debt was to be charged to the commerce . The hon . gent . next adverted to the Account entitled `` Stock per Computation ; '' on which Mr. Francis had made some animadversions . This account shews the whole state and result of the Company 's affairs , at home and abroad . In this account , the capital stock , subscribed by the members of the Company , and owing to them , was not included , because an order of the house had directed it to be omitted ; but this would make no difference in any one 's judgment ; and there was a fair reason why it should be omitted , because , when a partnership laid an account of its debits and credits before those to whom it was indebted , it never included the debts owing to the partners , or , in other words , their capital ; the question being , only what the partnership owed to others , and what it had to satisfy them . By this account of stock , the Company appear , contrary to all unfavourable insinuations , to be solvent ; 1st , as to all the demands upon them from creditors , exclusive of their own body , and , 2dly , as to their own stockholders , thus : The balance of the Stock per Computation , in favour of the Company , over and above all claims 1157 upon them , except by the stockholders for stock , is £6,181,267 The value of the stock , at the rates at which it is subscribed , is 7,780,000 And this account exhibits , that to pay up the stockholders , a sum would he wanting of £1,598,733 But , to answer this apparent balance , there are fortifications , buildings , and a variety of articles , comprised under the head of Dead Stock , which stands in the Company 's book , ( deducting 400,000l . awarded for that head in the time of queen Anne ) at £9,559,400 Balance in favour £7,960,667 From which , admit deductions made by government at home , from the Company 's claims on it 2,460,000 There will still remain £5,500,667 which , undoubtedly , must be regarded as a great and valuable mass of property ; for which it must be admitted , that the Company would , in all reason , have to receive a very large sum , if , for the sake of argument , it were now supposed , that the territory were to be transferred from them to government . But , besides all this , the Company possess an immense territory ; which , by retrenchments , will immediately produce an available surplus , that must , progressively , improve the state of the Company 's affairs , by reducing the debt , and the interest on it.—The hon . gent . next proceeded to take a view of the Company 's Indian Debt . The hon . general had computed this debt to be , at the end of April 1806 , something more than 27 millions sterling ; and , of this sum , he estimated about 16 millions to have been incurred during the administration of lord Wellesley . Mr. Grant observed that , according to the Budget Accounts , the Debt had been , On the 30th of April , 1804 £22,536,207 On the 30th of April , 1805 25,715,760 And on the 30th of April , 1806 , by computation 28,500,000 after deducting the amount of the sinking fund . But , as it had been found , after the close of all our wars in India , that there were large arrears due for military expenses , over and above the sums previously reckoned upon in estimates , so he could not help apprehending . that , in the complicated military operations lately carried on upon a scale large beyond all former example , the same thing would be experienced