to confusion and pull down the volunteers ; and yet , with all their professed regard for Scotland and the volunteers they would have the scope of its operation extended . As to the opposition to the law which had been alluded to by his noble relation , and which had been asserted to proceed from disaffection , he was not disposed to come in to that opinion . He was aware that disaffection , was often stated to prevail very generally Scotland , and that he himself Was de- 913 scribed as one of the disaffected . But if he was disaffected then , he was so still . For he held no principle at that time , which now , in the king 's service , did not remain perfectly unchanged , and they should ever continue so . But , to return to the opposition which at the outset the militia law met with in Scotland ; that opposition did in fact arise from the general misconception prevailing of that law , and the pride and arrogance of some persons in that country , who would not condescend to communicate with the lower orders , and explain to them its object and provisions . If that law had been properly understood , he ventured to say that it would have experienced no resistance whatever , In the district where he resided , the law was fully explained to the lower orders , and therefore it was carried into execution without any attempt even at opposition , —With regard to the bill under consideration , the learned gent . confessed himself anxious that its principle should be extended to Scotland , and this opinion he had already communicated to its right hon . author . But yet lie would not desire the present bill to be so extended , as in many of its parts it was inapplicable to that country . He would rather wish to bring in a separate bill upon the subject , and he would pledge himself to prepare such a bill in 48 hours as should be perfectly adapted to Scotland . The learned gent . asserted that the former levy en masse act was quite impracticable in Scotland ; and concluded with pronouncing a high eulogium upon the conduct , disposition , character and efficiency of the volunteers of Scotland . congratulated the learned lord on the opportunity which had been afforded hint of contributing , as much as in him lay , to extend the boon of this bill to Scotland , and could not help calling upon the house to notice the extraordinary system of carrying on the executive government , which they had now by accident discovered ; as it appeared that the lord advocate of Scotland had not even been consulted with , as to the practicability of extending this measure to that part of the united kingdom ; but had just declared , that he could , in eight-and-forty hours , frame the bill so as to be applicable to that purpose ; whilst the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , by the united labour of this wonderful government , from whom so much was expected , and who were said to possess a concentration of all the talents and worth of the empire , had been four months in bringing it before the house , 914 and when it was pressed by hon . gentlemen to extend it to Scotland , had pleaded , that it was too late to do that , which the labour of an individual was thus declared to be competent to , in so short a space of time . The learned lord , rejecting all shallow pretensions of want of time , had stated , that it would be rather a benefit than a burthen to Scotland ; and he ( Mr. C. ) , therefore hoped , gentlemen would not be to-morrow in the house , without a bill for extending the training to that part of the country . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to state some of the objections he