, but of personal knowledge , for he was the friend of his youth ; and that personage , to the `` judicium parium , '' had added terms expressive of his regard for that valuable part of the constitution of a court , which was immediately concerned in expounding the law referable to the facts before the jury . Since his noble and learned friend had adverted so particularly to him , he would remind him of another circumstance which might lead that noble person to suppose that he ( lord Erskine ) valued this mode of trial too much to admit any part of it to be impaired . Did any man ever go further than he ( did , to remind judges of the duties they . owed to their country , for which he had been publicly rebuked , but which he returned , he trusted , with honest indignation ? it was his pride , that in the course of his professional occupation , he had been honoured ? with a gown of precedence which ( did not limit his exertions , but permitted the application of them on many occasions , the recollection of which constituted no inconsiderable portion of the happiness of his life . Feeling as he did , he joined with peculiar fervor with the noble and learned lord , in the sentiment , that judges should not be placed above the law , and be permitted to trample on the right of the subject . The true question in this case was , what was intended by the statute of William , and had Mr. justice Fox , by this misconduct , conduced to the degradation of our free government and constitution ? But , whatever might have been his deportment , he was entitled to a fair trial . One of the first principles of British justice in the administration of our penal law is , that the party should be accused , then his case was to be submitted to the grand jury , which was a secret inquest in the first instance , and witnesses were to be examined before them ; then , if they saw just cause , he was put upon his trial , and he was judged by 12 impartial persons , who were wholly unacquainted with what had passed upon the inquest ; and when he stood at the bar of his country , no man 's mouth could be opened but in his presence , no prejudice could be raised which he could not immediately countervail . It was inconsistent with the practice of any court to know any thing of the evidence but in the presence Of the party , and that evidence was subjected to his examination . Their lordships were men 769 exalted , enlightened , and learned ; but they were still men , and subject to all the infirmities of human nature . All he had known of the mind of man had instructed him how dangerous it was to assume an opinion , unless the party had a cotemporaneous opportunity of taking off the unfavourable impression , and thus the poison was ever accompanied by the antidote . Would their lordship apply these acknowledged principles of our law to the case of the learned judge ? Witnesses had been examined at their lordships ' bar , their evidence had been registered ; no counsel attended , and no cross-examination was admitted . They have said , that this learned judge condescended to bully the jury presented before him . Their lordships had better have fulminated their rage , and have abandoned all the decencies to which they were attached , than proceed to condemn him under such circumstances . How long was this blockade of evidence to remain upon their lordships minds , before the party was to be heard in his defence ? What a spectacle had the house ` exhibited ! how anomalous the proceedings ! While they were arraigning the judge ; , what were they doing themselves ? Had their lordships not been haranguing one another , inflaming one another ,