to know that we 450 had it not in this country in our power , at any time , to collect a sufficient force for our military wants without the aid of volunteers— [ a cry of hear ! hear ! from the opposition ] . The hon . officer proceeded , and begged to set gentlemen right upon the point to which they appeared to refer . He never was by any means hostile to the volunteers , however much he might have been , like his right hon . friend , misrepresented ; although he objected to many of the details of the volunteer system , he never was or could have been so preposterous as to object to a volunteer force ; for what man could suppose , that in a country like this , its defence could be sure , unless a great part of its population , who were not likely to enter into the regular army , were not forward to form themselves . into volunteers in aid of that army ? But to return to the plan under consideration ; he conceived that great good would result from it , even if it were capable of doing no more for the army than to supply the casualties ; for the men who should leave the service on the expiration of the time specified in the clause , would be of great utility : scattered through the country , they would serve to augment our efficient military strength , and might , at a future opportunity , be most usefully employed as recruits and drill serjeants . In the present state of Europe , it was highly desirable to diffuse the military spirit accompanied by military knowledge ; and what instruments were so likely to accomplish this end as the men he alluded to ? The prospect of such advantages was enough in his mind to entitle the plan of his right hon . friend to the acquiescence of the house . As to the objection grounded upon the omission of his right hon . friend to apply this project to the present army , he thought it of no weight whatever . But if he had contemplated such an application , his objections would have been very serious indeed ; for it would expose the country to much mischief , to alter the conditions of men who had already engaged upon understood , and settled terms . If , for instance , the change of those terms now were to commence , the country would , at the expiration of the time prescribed , be exposed to the danger of having all the present army entitled to claim their discharge at once . But no danger of any such magnitude could possibly arise upon the application of the proposed condition to an army gradually accumulating . Pos- 451 terity , therefore , would not be liable to the mischiefs which the vivid imaginations of some gentlemen were so fond to dilate upon ; and what inconveniences could result to us ? At least , for ten years we were safe from any of those inconveniences which gentlemen on the other side professed to apprehend ; and what greater advantage could we confer on posterity than to carry the country through the difficulties and dangers in which it was at present involved ? That the operation of the project before the house would materially contribute to this effect , he was perfectly persuaded . For what could conduce more to maintain the efficiency of our military strength , than that which had an obvious tendency to diminish desertion ? Upon , some of the notions advanced in the course of this discussion , with regard to the motives which operate upon the minds of the soldiery , it was impossible to argue , for they rested upon no foundation whatever . To those gentlemen who were fond of ridiculing theories , he would say that no theory was more untenable , or more absurd , than that which assumed that any soldier , with the apprehension of punishment operating upon his mind , would