thereof , and report the same , as it shall appear to them , to the house . And a committee was appointed accordingly ; and they have power to send for persons , papers , and records.—Mr Lee reported from the committee , to whom the bill for the 123 amending and repairing of the road leading from the town of Kilcullen , in the county of Kildare , to the town of Carlow , was committed ; that the committee had examined and found that the order of the house , of the 13th day of March last , directing notices to be given of the application to parliament for the purposes mentioned in the petition for the bill , three times in the Dublin Evening Post , and by affixing the said notices for seven days on the respective doors where the sessions are held for the counties of Kildare and Carlow , had been complied with ; and that the committee had gone through the bill , and made several amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the house ; and he read the report in his place , and afterwards delivered the bill , with the amendments , in at the table , where the amendments were read , and agreed to by the house . Ordered , That the bill , with the amendments , be in-grossed.—Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton presented to the house ( according to order ) a bill to provide a fund for repairing and improving the harbour of Dunbar , and other public works , within the Burgh of Dunbar ; and the same was received , and read the first time , and ordered to be read a second time.—Mr . Henry Shelly reported from the committee , to whom the bill for paving , lighting , cleansing , watching , repairing , improving , and regulating the roads , streets , and other public passages and places , within the borough of Lewes , in the county of Sussex , and for removing and preventing nuisances and encroachments therein , was committed ; `` that the committee had examined the allegations of the bill , and found the same to be true ; and that the committee had gone through the bill , and made several amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the house ; and he read the report in his place , and afterwards delivered the , bill , with the amendments , in at the table , where the amendments were read , and agreed to by the house . '' Ordered , That the bill with the amendments , be in-grossed . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Additional Force Repeal bill . On the question being put , and said , he did not mean to detain the house , but wished to offer a few observations on the mode of proceeding that had been followed , and the line of argument that had been pursued through 124 the whole of this question . When on that side of the house they had adverted in the course of argument to the plans proposed by the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) they had been told that they ought to confine themselves to the merits of the Additional Force bill alone . This he thought , however , was by no means a just way of reasoning , because it was not possible they could fairly estimate the merits of that bill , without taking into their calculation at the same time the measure that was intended to succeed it . Could the measures intended to come in the room of this bill be pointed out to the house as in any respect superior to it , either in its immediate effects or permanent consequences , the best mode of convincing them of the propriety of abolishing the bill , was to point out this superiority . On the contrary , if they were convinced of the Superiority of this mode of raising men ,