receiving them were not to mention the subject to others , or make it a matter of general conversation , but not that they were to call upon the Commander in Chief to keep their opinions secret after they had delivered them . He , as one of the officers called upon , had given air opinion favourable to enlistment for a term of years , but , at the same time , an opinion to which the measure now before the house had scarcely any similarity . He was of opinion that the reason given by the noble earl why the papers ought not to be produced was the very reason why they ought , namely , that in general they were only the opinions of military officers , and not those of statesmen . The house was too enlightened to require opinions from others as to general measures of legislation ; but on a subject like the present they wanted military information , and that would be afforded by the production of these papers . conceived that the ques- 607 tion had been much mistated by the noble lords who spoke of those military opinions as information which ought to be laid before the house . As to information , generally speaking , it meant a communication of evidence and of fact , and not merely the opinions of other men . It would be an unprecedented thing for the house to acquire argumentative opinions of those who where not members , in order to influence their determination . It was the duty of his majesty 's ministers to collect all the information they could derive from every source , before they brought forward the measures they were to propose ; and when those measures were brought forward , it was their duty to support them by their own arguments , and not by the authority of other persons , or the influence of the names of men who where not members . If such a course could be permitted on the present occasion , a similar practice might prevail on almost every other occasion , and the house would have nothing else to do but to listen to the argumentative opinions of other people . He conceived also , that it must be most disagreeable to the military officers themselves , to have a written opinion of theirs argued in a deliberative assembly , where they had no opportunity of explaining the principles upon which it was founded ; and he thought the general officers , who had given those opinions , were too well acquainted with the constitution of the country , to suppose that their opinions had been demanded for the purpose of giving to parliament their ideas about the internal and political state of the country at the present crisis.—The motion was put and negatived . obtained leave to bring in a bill for incorporating the Globe Insurance Company.—Mr . Alderman Combe obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend so much of an act for the improvement of the port of London , as related to the compensations to be granted in certain cases.—A message from the Lords announced that their lordships had resolved to proceed farther on the trial of lord Melville the next day , at ten of the o'clock , in Westminster-hall ; and that they had agreed to the Irish stamp-duty bill . The Speaker mentioned , that , in consequence of this message ; he would take the 608 chair the next morning at 10 , and that the names of the managers and members would be called over at half past ten as usual.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the General Assessed Tax act . The resolution relative to the exemptions were read and agreed to , and those who were appointed to bring in the Assessed Tax bill were ordered to make provision accordingly . moved for the order of the day for the house resolving itself into a committee on the West India Accounts bill . wished , that , considering the state of ignorance in which the house