the account , it put an end to all authority on the subject . The effects of the institutions of that monarchy were as well known as if the French revolution had not put an end to it . That it enlisted for a term of years , there was no dispute . The only question was , whether it enlisted men with .a view to serve during the continuance of a war ? Now , he was prepared to say , that he had no doubt whatever that the men were to be discharged even during war ; and when they were not discharged , it was prevented by a direct order issued by the government ; and of such an order , an arbitrary government might readily enough avail itself on particular occasions . This had been done during the American war . Now , he had always thought that a breach of a law was an evidence of its existence . Before the year 1765 , the term of the French service was 6 years . In that year , the term was increased to 8 years . No mention whatever was made of peace or war , and so it stood on the ordonnance . But when war came , the government said that it wanted soldiers , and the men were retained . Though this abuse had been occasionally resorted to by an arbitrary government , yet , from the nature of the regulation , it appeared that the retaining of the men during the war was not considered as essentially necessary . But as far as the regulation went , it distinctly confirmed the statement which had been made by him . That the government followed its convenience in breaking through its engagements , as many governments did , but as our government could not do so , was certain . Now , as to the discharge of the soldier during a war , nobody could deny that this must often be inconvenient . So likewise it was often inconvenient to pay money at the exact time at which it was due , and some would not pay at all ; but it would be very odd if persons were to argue from this that there ought to be no regulations for enforcing the payment of just debts . The whole experience of the European services was against the hon . general , and 431 those who thought as he did . In the Austrian service there were various modes of recruiting , and at short periods . He would ask whether gentlemen had ever heard of such a people as the Swiss ? There never were better troops , and yet all the regiments were engaged only for a term of years , and were discharged even in time of war . What then became of all that we had heard about the military character ? But then the gentlemen argued in a curious way , for they said that the Swiss were not English ; and if the instances had been taken from the French or the Swedes , or any other people , they would have exactly the same objection . They said that we were theorists . If they understood the term theory , as applying to any thing which had never before , under exactly similar circumstances , been tried , then all governments must be theorists , more or less , in every thing that they did . If , indeed , he had been talking of the Chinese , the Tartars , or the Negroes , they might indeed , with some justice , say that the instances did not apply ; but in the great family of Europe , where the degrees of civilization were nearly equal , and where the military character was nearly the same , the difference was not so great as to prevent the justice of the comparison from being sufficiently striking . If they called this theory , they must call every thing so where the example was not exactly similar in point of circumstances , situation , and every thing