the old system of indefinite servitude , does he think there would have been any thing in that , arrangement to awaken i he gratitude , to stimulate the industry , and to improve the character of the present collier and miner ? —The learned lord , however , vouches for his countrymen in general , that this alteration in the term of service will operate upon their feelings to such a degree , that bounty will no longer be necessary to induce enlistment . I receive with all possible readiness , and give implicit credit to whatever the learned lord affirms in favour of a country to which I bear so high a respect , and of which he himself is so bright an ornament . Rut will the learned lord allow me to remind him that this , though admirable in itself , appears to clash a little with another character which he gave of his countrymen upon a recent occasion ? In the debate upon the repeal of the defence bill , the learned lord told us that nothing could be more absurd than to expect to get men in Scotland for a less bounty than had hitherto been given . My countrymen , said he , are a sagacious people , and it was presently seen , that for the reduced bounty of twelve guineas not a man could be obtained . Now he tells us that his countrymen are a patriotic people ; and that for a limited service they will engage without any bounty at all . But the other was limited service too : and therefore , though I do not question either the sagacity or the patriotism of the learned lord 's countrymen , yet , while I can not help regretting that their patriotism was not called in to correct their sagacity in the former instance : I can not help apprehending that their sagacity may possibly interfere with the exercise of their patriotism in the present instance . My hon . friend below me ( Mr. Wilberforce ) has takes this matter upon a yet higher tome ; and has poured forth abundant eloquence upon the topic of the union of character between the soldiers and citizens ; of the incompatibility of indefinite military service with a free civil constitution ; and of the necessity of making the soldiers partakers as far as possible , and at all events 556 reversionary heirs of that liberty which they are employed to defend . My hon . friend has told us , that all history exhibits the portant truth , that the armies of free countries have uniformly been victorious ; that they have been so , because the armies themselves have been free . The theory is so beautiful , that we can not but lament that it should want the recommendation of truth . I forget who it is that says , that men read history with such different eyes , and retain such different impressions of it , that you would hardly think it possible that they could have been reading the same thing . For my part , when I endeavour to recollect the most splendid and striking examples of conquest and military glory of the ancient or the modern world , I find it difficult to prevent the names of Philip of Macedon , and of his son ; the name of Julius Cæsar ; the name of the king of Prussia , and still more that of Bonaparte , from occurring to me : and I find myself at a loss to attribute any part of their successes to the enthusiasm of liberty or to the energy of a constitutional spirit . I am far from wishing to disparage the suggestions of my hon . friend , hut I am anxious that a serious and most important question should be placed in its true and stripped of the glare of popular fallacy . But if I am able to hear this argument with complacency , at the same time that I deny its force , I can not suppress my astonishment and admiration at the patient