the docks of workmen , as had been pretended , nor a total disregard to their future supply . The hon . gent . had attributed all the late victories we had gained to lord Melville and lord Barham , and allowed nothing to lord St. Vincent . He asked that gent . if it was not to lord St. Vincent 's discernment that we had been 195 indebted for a Nelson ? It was that noble lord who had brought him forward , and employed him . It was that noble lord also , who had employed sir R. Strachan and sir T. Duckworth , and he had no doubt that those able officers would willingly acknowledge that they had learned a great deal from that noble lord . Was it no credit to the noble lord , that so many of our great officers had , been bred under him ? The hon . gent . had talked of the new-fangled schemes that the board of admiralty under lord St. Vincent had been projecting , and a certain gent . had been mentioned ( Mr. Tucker ) as having suggested and encouraged those schemes . That 55 ships of the line might be built in a year , had been also mentioned as one of those projects . This could not be , as there were only 18 slips for laying them down ; but the truth was , it had been only mentioned in conversation , that such a number might be built from the hands employed , and if we were to judge of the quantity of work done in the merchants ' yards compared with the number of men , it would be found that his majesty 's yards might produce a great deal more than they did . This he illustrated at great length , and stated , that in June 1804 , the Circe and Pallas frigates were both laid , and were launched on the 17th of December following , being built in the course of 5 months and few days , of a burthen of 670 tons . The hon . member next proceeded to defend the arrangements of the noble lord with respect to timber , and the employment of timber-masters , which he stated to have the effect of correcting the enormous frauds effected by collusions between the dock-yard clerks and the timber-merchants , to whom they were , in fact , agents , and took in any timber they sent , without examining . The stock of timber in the yards had been , for several years before the accession of lord St. Vincent , in a progressive state of decline , while it had been a principal object of the noble lord to seek in all directions for the means of increasing the stock ; for which purpose he had sent to Dort upon the Rhine , to Trinidad , to the East-Indies , by Botany-Bay ships , and ordered a ship of the line to be built at Bombay , as an experiment , to try the timber of that country . He next proceeded to state some instances of the fraud in ship-building committed in the merchants ' yards , which left little reliance to be placed upon them ; and he instanced the particular cases of the Ajax and Achille ; the former of which was launched the 3d of March , 196 1798 , commissioned in the same month , and in the month of June , in the same year , proceeded no farther than Portsmouth , when her repairs cost 2788l . and her building cost 20,502l. , while the whole of her repairs in 1802 cost 28,977l . The Achille was also launched and commissioned in 1798 ; her repairs in 1799 cost 1,124l. , and in 1803 and 1804 , the remainder of 37,900l . A similar complaint was to be made of the Ardent : from all which circumstances , the impolicy of contracting with the merchants was obvious . Upon the whole , therefore , he trusted he had proved to the house the fallacy of the