there was a which ought not to give any alarm either to any particular class of men , or to the country at large , this a that bill . He considered the measure in question to be totally Misconceived by the right hon . gent . in the view he seemed to consider it . It really did not go to affect the commerce of the country , or the commercial interests of any body of men in it . Neither did it repeal any part of the Navigation laws : it was merely meant to vest that power exclusively in the hands of the king and council by law , which had been , for thirteen years past , assumed by the governors of our West-India Islands , without law ; for which , undoubtedly , they had incurred high responsibility ; namely , to suspend for a time , under the pressure of inevitable necessity , the operation of the Navigation laws in favour of British ships in the ports of their respective islands ; .and to permit the inhabitants of those islands to be supplied with provisions , and certain other articles of indispensable necessity , with which it was impossible , under a variety of impediments , for British ships to supply them , and without which a great part of their inhabitants must be reduced to famine , arid , in other instances , to the utmost distress . The measure now proposed , therefore , was to limit the power to safe hands , of dispensing , in cases of actual necessity , with the operation of the Navigation laws , in the ports of those islands ; and to guard against the possible abuses of that power to which governors might be importuned , under the false insinuations of interested persons . It repealed no law ; it subverted no principle ; and , in fact , would do no more than guard a privilege in his majesty 's hands , which had been , for a series of years past , exercised by West-India governors , assumed from necessity , and for which they had been uniformly indemnified by parliament . admitted , that this power had been assumed by Wept-India governor , in cases of urgent necessity , under a heavy responsibility , from . which had they shrunk , he should have thought them highly reprehensible . But thought he considered them justly intitled to the indemnity they had received , he was decidedly against legalizing a principle that So directly militated against our Navigation laws and must so materially affect the interests of 338 the merchants and ship-owners of this kingdom.—The Speaker reminded the hon . bart . that the stage for discussing the subject would certainly be in the committee.— The house then resolved itself into a committee ; when and said , that the bill for which he intended to move , and which had already passed the other house of parliament , was precisely what his right hon . friend had described it to be ; involving no commercial interest of this country ; repealing no law connected with our commerce or navigation ; but simply placing in the safe hands of his majesty in council , the exercise of a privilege , which was heretofore constantly assumed by the West-India governors , without law ; namely , the privilege of empowering those governors , upon the fair proof of existing necessity , to receive , in American ships , that supply of provisions , and other necessaries , which , in time of war , it would often be impossible to supply in British ships ; and without which , the immense population of their negroes , on whose labour and industry the prosperity of those islands so much depended , must often run the risk of perishing . Owing to the interruption of the intercourse of the colonies and the United States of America , during the American war , it had been ascertained , that about 15,000 negroes had died for want , or from being improperly fed , in the island