the yard , and of the land and water carriage , does not incur a very heavy loss , by having that timber rejected , when it comes to the dock-yards ? And would he not rather submit to a considerable reduction below its real value , than to have it returned upon his hands ? In short , sir , I think that the letters of the timber-masters , so far from having a tendency to refute that which is established upon the most satisfactory documents , strongly confirm it.—Another paper , which I have alluded to , as being calculated to mislead the house , will be found in p. 11. of the papers printed July 3 , purporting to be an account , shewing the price of timber in the king 's yards , on the 18th 181 Feb. 1801 , the advances which have been since made thereon , and the advantages which have been given to the timber-merchants by the alteration in the mode of measurement , and qualifications of the timber , as shewn in money . The precise time when those alterations took place is not noted in the account , but I believe they occurred during the time earl St. Vincent was at the admiralty . Now , sir , at first view of this document , we should very naturally be inclined to think , that so far from the merchants having any cause of complaint , they had every reason to be satisfied , every encouragement having been held out ; i.e . great advances on the price , and other favourable alterations in the mode of measurement , by which they appear to have gained 18 per cent . But , sir , on examining the case , I find that the merchants had no reason to be so satisfied ; for there was at the same time another alteration made , which was that of the conduct of the timber-masters , which subjected the contractors to such a loss , as no reasonable advance in price would compensate . The very same piece of timber , which formerly , without hesitation , would have been received as applicable to a principal use in ship-building , and paid for accordingly , was now deemed only of inferior qualification , and the price of course reduced ; but the greatest loss to the merchants was , the immense quantity rejected on the appearance of slight defects . That this was the case , appears by the repeated remonstrances of the merchants.—Stook and Farr , in a letter of 24th Aug. 1801 , state , `` that in the last cargo of timber delivered by them , the classing was lowered from 100 to 90 , and from 90 to 74-gun ships , and so in proportion . '' Stuckey and Bagshot , of 27th Aug. say , `` the receipt of timber , both in qualification and measurement , has been so considerably reduced , and the quantity refused , so greatly increased , as to exceed all conception . '' In a letter , signed by several merchants , they state , `` that the timber is in general classed one rate lower than it used to be ; in consequence of which , a great deal of timber has been refused . '' These statements are repeated by every merchant , and the truth is assented to by the navy board.—I am aware , that if the hon . admiral entertains the same ideas as the board of admiralty , at which earl St. Vincent presided , and of which the hon . 182 admiral was a member , he will tell the house , that the former mode of receipt in the dock-yards was collusive ; he may perhaps add , that there was nothing but fraud and corruption practised , and that the yards were loaded with useless and defective timber.—1 .I am ready to admit , that formerly a larger proportion of inferior timber was received into the dock-yards ; but I do assert , that it was paid for as inferior timber ; that