display of argument and learned eloquence which have spread the light of day over dark , secret , and criminal transactions . The issue of the whole is now with the Lords ; and , whether that be of condemnation or of acquittal , it rests with a tribunal , which , so far as depends upon human institutions , premises the fairest hopes of ultimate justice . But , be that issue what it may , your part is accomplished . In the discharge of your duty , you have satisfied the expectation of the Commons ; you have obtained the high reward of their approbation and thanks ; and , in obedience to their Commands , I am now to acquaint you with their resolution ; 'That the thanks of this house be given to the members , who were appointed the Managers of the Impeachment against Henry lord viscount Melville , for their faithful management in their discharge of the trust reposed in them . ' '' and said , that though he was disappointed in his hopes of unanimity on his former motion , by one dissentient voice , yet he believed that in the motion which he was now to submit , he should not be opposed by even that one . The motion was , `` That Mr. Speaker be desired to print the speech which he made to the Manager of the Impeachment of lord Melville , in consequence of the resolution of the house . `` —Agreed to , nem . con . allowed that the precedents not only justified , but even called for a vote of thanks in this stage of the business . At the same time , for a variety of reasons , which he would not now enter upon , he thought that it might be extremely expedient to consider , whether these votes of thanks ought to be passed , till the final termination of the business of impeachments , by the judgment of the lords . He would not enter now upon the subject in detail , because this would be falling into the evil which he deprecated ; but after the judgment of the lords was given in this case , he would certainly bring a motion before the house , to prevent any consideration of a case of Impeachment , by a vote of thanks while it was before the lords , and before they had given their decision . to make some observations on this notice ; when the Speaker put a stop to further discussion , by informing the hon . baronet that there was no question before the house . adverted to the statement made by a noble lord ( H. Petty ) on a preceding day , which had caused an uncommon sensation in the public mind , as the noble lord had charged his majesty 's late government with gross neglect in not calling in balances and arrears of public accounts , to the enormous amount , as it was stated , of 450 millions . From this sum , however , he was at once enabled to strike off a great deduction , by observing , that ninety millions of it were the accounts of the bank , and 250 millions the accounts of the pay-office ; and considering that the noble lord , who for twenty years of the late government had the superintendance of that department , was also now at the head of his majesty 's government , he could not suppose that any insinuation could be intended in that quarter , notwithstanding the extraordinary tone in which the noble lord dwelt upon these points . The only instance of misconduct in these respects , was that of a gentleman , 355 who had been 52,000l . behind-hand ; for which , however , he was called to account , and severely punished . With regard to the pay-office accounts , it would be a sufficient vindication of the late government , for him to say , that they had not even yet been returned to the War-office . And as to the navy