no idea that farmers and others would swallow the bait held out to them by the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , and gorge a tax directly levelled at them , instead of one which would reach them circuitously , and affect them slightly . As to the foreign trade being affected by the tax , that was not likely , as already a larger drawback was allowed to the exporter , than those who had petitioned on the subject asked for . As nothing preferable was proposed , he thought it right to try how the tax could be made less objectionable to a committee . thought it material to contradict what had been advanced by the rt . hon . secretary , on the subject of the drawback to be allowed , and read a paper from the committee of iron-masters in town , which stated , that they had represented the necessity of 8s . per ton being allowed , but that only 6 's . was granted by the bill . He deprecated the principle of the bill ; he could not conceive the object of it , unless it was to involve the iron manufactory in the distress that others had experienced , and to exemplify a late . quotation of a rt . hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) , `` Solamen miseris socios habuisse doloris . '' But he could no longer wonder at the patience of the house , after they had , on a former occasion , not only with temper , but without laughing , heard the assertion of the rt . hon . secretary , that it was more agreeable to the public to have a burthensome tax doubled at once , than to have it increased by moderate degrees . The rt . hon . gent . insisted that when a man had sunk a great capital in a business ; when he had established population in a place that was a wilderness before ; when he had settled a colony of dependents under him , the introduction of an exciseman to be , in a manner , the master of his establishment , would degrade and lessen the patriarchal aut0hority which he was entitled to have over a family , 92 as it might be which otherwise had none but him to look up to for support or countenance.—After a few words from Mr , Vansittart and Mr. Smith , the house divided . For the commitment , 119 . Against it , 109 . Majority 10 . The house then resolved itself into a committee pro forma . After which the house resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Monday . The house proceeded as usual to Westminster-hall . Their lordships returned soon after four , when an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord viscount Melville on Tuesday , and a message sent to the house of commons to acquaint them therewith.—The report of the resolutions of the committee of privileges , respecting the claims to the Roos Peerage , and setting forth that the barony in question remains in abeyance between the co-heirs of Robert de Roos , viz . George-earl of Essex , lady H. Fitzgerald , sir H. Hunloke , & c. was again read ; it was then confirmed by the house , and the usual address , to his majesty voted on the occasion , to be presented by the Lords with white staves.—The bills upon the table , chiefly private , were forwarded in their respective stages.—The Earl of Radnor having some observations to offer to the house , respecting points of Order and Privilege , and touching certain proceedings relative to the high Court in Westminster Hall , the strangers were ordered to withdraw and the exclusion continued some time . After the doors were opened , the Bristol Harbour Improvement bill was brought up from the commons by Mr. Baillie and others , and forthwith read a first time ; after which the house adjourned till Monday . The Duke