There was an objection , however , which he had , to the bill , and that was , that it gave to volunteer officers , when called into action , superior advantages to what the officers of the militia would have . said , that he should himself make no observation , but he would leave it to the house to judge on the manner and tone , with which the noble lord ( Temple , ) 1139 upon this , and indeed almost upon every occasion , reprehended those who differed with him in opinion . The house would discover on what ground his title to give such lectures rested , whether it was on his superior ability , or his great experience . It appeared to him , that it was too late in the session ( when the extraordinary pressure of business was considered ) to bring forward a measure which might disgust such a considerable body of men , who formed the constitutional army of the country . As to the economical saving , he considered , that it was a mere trifle , when compared to the serious mischief of disgusting the militia . He thought that a measure of such moment should not have been brought forward at such an advanced period of the session , when a regular and decent attendance of members could not be expected . took a review of the objections that had been urged by different gentlemen , from the temperate and argumentative speech of an hon . baronet , ( sir W. Elford , ) to the intemperate , unreasonable , uninteresting , and , as he conceived , most unargumentative speech of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) . He differed from the hon . baronet in the whole view of the case . Instead of considering it an innovation on any fundamental principle , it appeared to be one of those mere matters of discretionary regulation , which was always supposed to be completely open to the wisdom of parliament . It had been laid down as the general rule , that the militia were to have the same pay as the army . It should , however , be recollected , that this rule was not founded upon any constitutional principle , but merely as the words of the act of parliament . It was , therefore , to be considered , what were the words of the act , and what the meaning of it . The militia were called out according to law ; but , as there before existed no law to determine what provision should be assigned for them , the act of the 42d of the king Stated , that that should be the same as was allowed to the army . The meaning of the act was clearly , that as it was necessary to assign them some provision , the legislature thought that what the army then received was not too much . In assigning them that , for their provision , the legislature never meant to tie up the hands of the sovereign , or prevent his increasing the pay of any other description of his force . If it was contended , that , on account of the words of this act , the king could not now 1140 make any provision for any other description of force which should not extend to the militia , the conclusion appeared to him a non sequitur . That his majesty might , from time to time , make alterations with respect to one part of his force , which should not extend to the other , was a thing agreeable to reason , and to the fact . In reason , it could not be contended , that regular troops , who were liable to be called , at a moment 's notice , to serve their country abroad , in unwholesome climates , and exposed to danger , were not in a situation very different from the militia , who could not be ordered out of the country ; if then ,