the continuance of the very war in which they had been enlisted , if their term of 7 years had expired . This was a part of it that he knew a great many of the rt . hon . gent 's . friends would oppose ; and as for himself , he should rather reject the plan altogether than admit such a principle . As to the parish bill , however , considering that it had failed in all the objects for which it was introduced , he should certainly vote for its repeal . took the opportunity of paying a compliment to the county be had the honour to represent , that it had raised the whole of its quota . They forbore at first because they did not understand the bill , but they had afterwards used every means their power to carry the act into execution , and the county stood pre-eminently , if not solely on the ground of having obeyed and executed with alacrity the act of the legislature . said , he considered the present system to be better than any which had been proposed to be substituted for it . If the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had thought this act so bad in itself , or so unconnected with other parts of the military system , he certainly need not have delayed so long in moving the repeal . The rt.hon gent . however , by his conduct in that respect , sheaved that he considered it necessary to state some other system to the house , before he called upon them to repeal that act . He could not therefore complain , if the gentlemen on that side of the House should think it necessary to examine a little what kind of a substitute was to be presented to them . The rt . hon . gent . had appeared to agree with the author of the act , that 3,00,000 men was about the number to which the army of the country should be raised . The army actually existing , amounted to 267,000 , which in point of number , was not much inferior to what ho himself thought necessary . As to every thin else which constituted the excellence of an army , high spirit , good discipline and so forth , the rt . hon . gent . seemed to confess , that nothing was wanting in the British army 19 as it now stood . Now , as to the number , the small deficiency which now existed would , in the course of a few years , be supplied by the regular operation of the existing system . The annual waste of the army by casualties , was reckoned at 15,000 . On the other side , the general recruiting service produced , on an average , 11,000 every year , and the act that it was now proposed to repeal , produced , at the lowest calculation , 9,000 , which left a regular increase to the army of .5,000 annually The plan , however , which was proposed in place of this system , was one that , primâ facie , did not promise any increase at all . Although the act had not been productive in many parts of England , yet it was allowed that . in Ireland considerable number of men had been raised under it : but although the repeal now moved for was only the Additional Force act that affected England , yet if that was abandoned on the ground of its being obnoxious , oppressive and tyrannical , there must be a similar bill for repealing the Additional Force act for Ireland . It was not to be supposed that a system so obnoxious as not to be endured in this country , was to be rivetted on Ireland . As to the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , who complained of the act so much on account of the hardships the parishes suffered by its pressure , surely the noble lord would not think that that alone was a