in his mind . We were called upon to exert the public force , and might be still farther called upon , from the circumstances that the nature of the present times might produce , to facilitate , as far as possible , the means of recruiting the army . He should , when the opportunity came , endeavour to state , as far as his capacity allowed him , that no plan yet mentioned was so likely to produce the desired effect , as that of his rt . hon . friend . Gentlemen , on the other side , seemed always to think they had better grounds debate , than those which were furnished by the matter immediately before them . They were alarmed without knowing the reasons . Ignorance was certainly one ground of terror . As to the levy en masse , he granted that there might be some difficulties , but the objections of the scrupulous might be removed in the committee . He must , however , think that the principle itself was perfectly right . A certain degree of general enrolment appeared to him to be the most solid defence of the country . In this free country we must look , for a great portion of our defence , to the general patriotism , zeal , and ardour of the community . As to the question concerning the Volunteers , the gentlemen asked what was to be done with them ? Were they to be diminished or increased ? The only object proposed was , to render them more useful , by some better plan for their future regulation . The . provisions to that effect were matter of future consideration . A principal topic of misrepresentation on the other side , was what had fallen from his rt . hon . friend two years back , on the subject of the volunteers . With respect to the general tendency of what his rt . hon . friend had then said , he must observe , that it coincided with his own . opinions , and , therefore , if it had given great offence , he 27 must , equally with him , plead guilty . He thought then highly of the volunteers , but he thought also , that their patriotism and bravery might have been better directed . But what then ? Those sentiments he expressed at a time when they were hardly formed into that shape which they had afterwards borne . His having entertained that opinion originally , respecting the mode of forming such a force , was not a sufficient reason why he should now endeavour to destroy the whole system . It was not by referring to what had been said 2 or 3 years ago upon the formation of the system , that the opinions and conduct of gentlemen , respecting the volunteers , were now to be judged . He certainly thought , that this force might have been better modelled . In this , however , he was perfectly clear . Whatever else the house did , let them repeal this bill . All points that concerned the allowances and rank of the volunteers might he as well settled after the repeat of this act , as they could at present . The principle of limited service for time might be adopted , or qualified , or rejected , just as well as now . The propriety of adopting other modes of recruiting the army were quite independent of this bill . The high words he had heard on this question should not affect him . He was not disposed to disregard or neglect the opinions of those who were conversant upon the subject , respecting limited service , but he was perfectly convinced that it was a measure of safety ; that it was not inconsistent with the system of of our army , nor repugnant to any principle of the constitution ; and he thought gentlemen would afterwards be ashamed of the language they had used in opposition to the proposal . referred to the number of men which had