* This gentleman appears to have been employed and trusted by the nabob , and finally , as he says , ruined in his service . His letters discover many curious anecdotes . In one of them , addressed to the nabob himself , he says ( p. 153 ) , `` I will not , for the present , mention the bribes given by your highness on account of the unhappy business of the arrest of lord Picot ; but the amount of them make a great part of your highness 's new consolidated debt '' In short , he lays open a scene of bribery , fraud , and extortion , which fully account for the enormous sum of nine millions sterling paid to , or still claimed by these creditors . 944 on a bond , for 32,355l . The bond was granted in Feb. 1785 , to John Stuart , in trust for Mr. Sullivan , and deposited with Mr. Fordyce ; the claim was referred for examination to the committee at Madras , and in 1788 , was reported by them to be just† I do not believe that English money , lent to the nabobs , constitute any material part of these claims ; but I do not deny that some of them , on account of payment due for services or for goods furnished , may be well founded . The fact is , that the good debts are overwhelmed and strangled by the bad ones , which throw a general discredit over the whole . Among these I should be inclined to admit the principle on which a debt due to the late sir Paul Joddrell is founded , because it appears to be for services of several years , acknowledged but not paid . I mention this instance , because it has been much insisted on , and not that I know any thing of the parties . The danger is , that , under cover of a few rights of this kind , many wrongs will be protected . Such is the general character of a pretended debt of 5,600,000l . for the liquidation of which the Court of Directors have covenanted with the creditors to provide a fund . Then comes the mode of adjustment , viz . under the arbitration of three commissioners . In the first instance , two hon . members of this house , were appointed by the Court of Directors , to whom personally there can be no possible objection . One of them ( Mr. Ryder ) has since resigned . The other ( Mr. Hobhouse ) in point of character and talents is perfectly qualified for this or any other place of trust . Still , sir , I should think that , when the connection of the India Company with government , through the medium of the board of controul , is considered , the house would demur at this way of appointing members of parliament to offices of emolument , by which their seats are not vacated . The three commissioners may not agree in admitting a debt ; and then the act of any two of them shall prevail and bind the parties . In cases of debt or damages before a court of justice we expect a jury of 12 to be unanimous ; but this , it seems , is too much to be exacted from only 3 commissioners . Now , I should think that , in a transaction so suspicious as the present , the objection of one opinion out of three , ought to be sufficient to extinguish the claim , or at least to suspend it . The general evidence and security , on which these cre- †Vide Carnatic Papers , 2 . 131 . 945 ditors profess to rely , are bonds voluntarily given by the nabobs of the Carnatic , and which they say ought to be made good out of the territorial revenue , because the nabobs were the sovereigns of the country , and had a right to mortgage it to their creditors . On the 14th of April