's government as to the recal of sir George Barlow . It would depend on the answer he should receive , whether he should , or not , give notice of a motion on this subject on Monday . He did not wish to be considered as now giving any notice of a motion , and repeated , that whether he should do so , would depend on the answer he might receive to his intended question . On the question for the third reading of the Temple-Bar and Hill Lottery bill , and expressed a variety of objections against the measure . The bill in question arose out of circumstances which had nothing to do with the real principle of a lottery , and would go to extend an injurious spirit of gaining among all ranks of people . There were now no less than three regular state lotteries , which the exigencies of the state , and the financial benefits derived therefrom , were grounds for tolerating . There were , however , other grounds , but of rare occurrence , on which he deemed an expedient of the kind not objectionable . He meant , in cases of rare or costly works of art or ingenuity , where the parties were not able to procure a sale or market for them , save by an extraordinary or peculiar measure of this nature . But , to enable persons who speculated in buildings , and which they might not be able , from a variety of circumstances , to dispose of , to come forward to parliament for a lottery to assist them , was what he could not approve of . The case of Mr. alderman Boydell 's lottery being one upon the rarely-occurring principle he had alluded to , he offered no objection to it , but the present measure was one of a very different description . His grace then adverted to some points which had transpired in the committee on the bill ; and proceeded to observe , that the present bill would almost to a certainty , generate a future application for another lottery , inasmuch as it was intended 835 to extend these improvements to the south side of St. Clement 's church , which now were only carried into effect on the north . Upon the whole , he saw no adequate grounds for the parties coming forward to parliament for a lottery , in the present case . He would , therefore , give his negative to the measure . much as her espected whatever fell from his noble friend , certainly differed from him materially , on the present occasion : the lottery proposed by the present bill , was undoubtedly one of that description , in which the lower orders of the people could not venture , and therefore it was impossible it could operate injuriously with respect to them . On the contrary , those who would speculate in the lottery proposed by the bill in question , or were persons of some property or substance , engaged in some beneficial branch of trade , With respect to what the noble duke observed relative to lotteries in favour of the disposal of rare and costly works of art , he cordially agreed with his noble friend . In the case of the Boydells , for instance , in the then state of things , there was no hope whatever for a mart or issue for such articles , particularly upon the continent , where many of the prints or pictures used to be disposed of at the great fairs . As things then stood , they might as well expect to sell so many cobwebs , as pictures . It was , therefore , necessary to have recourse to the expedient of a lottery to enable the worthy proprietors to dispose of the valuable articles alluded to . With respect to the case of Bowyer 's history of England , the principle was the same . The history of such a country as England must be valuable ; and to have that history illustrated in the splendid