government of Madras ( and here he availed himself of the opportunity to express the strong sense he entertained of the talents and probity that distinguished that noble lord ) : that they had considered , that the man who had selected such characters , as the objects of his patronage , could not be in danger of having his good name lightly brought into question.— That he had now described the origin of the bond that had been alluded to ; let it 419 be investigated , but let not the breath of calumny be employed to taint the well-earned fame of his revered friend . He observed , that the characters of public men were the property of his country , and , after their decease , that house should be their sanctuary . He would not trespass further on the patience of the house ; but moved , `` That there be laid before this house an extract of a letter , from the governor-general and council of Bengal to the court of directors , dated October 20 , 1783 . '' Also , `` That there be laid before this house a copy of a letter , from the governor-general to the court of directors , .dated November 28 , 1783 . '' said , on looking over the list of the debts of the nabob of the Carnatic , he referred merely to what was inserted in the papers , which had an effect on his mind , and on which his former observations were grounded . He was concerned if he gave pain to any gentleman . said , after what he had Stated to the hon . gent. , he trusted he would have done justice to his brother ; instead of which , he aggravated his former remarks . contended , that when an individual was criminated , he had a right to bring forward the best evidence he had , and agreed thoroughly with what had been stated by the hon . gent . who made the motion.—The motion was then put and agreed to . at War moved the order of the day , for the house going into a committee on the Mutiny bill . Previous to the Speaker 's leaving the chair , wished to know from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , as being a material point in judging of the estimate of the probable expence of his new system , whether he had yet made up his mind on the subject of granting bounties .to soldiers on their entering into then second and third periods of service ? Also , whether it was his idea that , on the expiration of the 14 years , those who retired were to have the half of the allowance of 1s . per day , and the whole on 21 years service ? said , the questions put to him by the noble lord were matters merely of regulation . He might entertain an idea that it would be much more useful to give some bounty for the second and third periods of service , but it 420 was impossible for him to conceive what ; at the end of 7 years , such bounty might be ; as to the other question , he was inclined to think that an allowance at the rate of 4d . instead of 6d . per day might be sufficient at the expiration of 14 years , and that the full allowance of 1s . per day should be given on the expiration of the 21 years service . repeated his wish to know the idea of the right hon . gent . as to whether any and what proportion of bounty should be given to those re-enlisting on the expiration of the first 7 years . said , when the rate of bounty had been so often changed during the present war , how was it possible for him to say what it ought to be at the expiration of 7 years from this date ? observed , that the right hon . gent . seemed