a subject which the hon . baronet himself , and all who support the measure , admit to be of extreme importance . All that is proposed by my right hon . friend is , that there should be a temporary suspension of the proceeding on this bill , until a short enquiry shall have taken place into some of the leading facts on which its merits must depend—the whole delay on account of this will not be more than four days : four days is all the time which is asked for the purpose of ascertaining the fact , on which there exists at present such a diversity of opinion . Now , sir , I do think that this house can hardly do otherwise than grant the request of my right hon . friend ; it is only to follow that course which is consistent with the well-understood practice of this house , constituting as it were a part of its character , the practice of giving a ready hearing to every thing that can be offered upon army subject which is before them ; and more especially on a subject of such vital importance to the best interests of our trade and navigation as this is . When the first proposal was made for a committee above-stairs , the delay which it would occasion was then stated to be very short ; from some reasons moving as much from the other side of the house as from any other quarter , 14 days have elapsed since that proposal was made ; during less than one half of that period , the whole of the enquiry proposed by my right hon . friend might be gone through , and then we should not have had to rest the debate on the opinion of one individual or another , who may casually deliver his sentiments in the house , but we should have had the authentic opinion and report of a committee , drawing their judgment from a proper source , namely , the evidence which they would have examined . I am sure the house must think it extremely unfortunate , that such a course as not taken at first ; that would have been satisfactory 700 to us all ; the committee would have stated the facts , would have shown the grounds on which they had proceeded ; so that every member of the house would have been able to judge for himself as to the correctness of their statement or the fairness of their conclusion . But , sir , I now feel indeed that there is a very substantial ground for the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , in endeavouring to hasten this bill forward . It is now apparent why they should be so desirous of passing this bill into a law ; they have a ground which I was not apprized of in the least degree , until I came into the house this day . The order of the secretary of state , which I now hold in my hand , and which I presently will state , sufficiently explains it.—We are entitled , and that from the admissions of the hon . gent . who spoke last , to say that this bill is at present capable of a variety of constructions , and that it is full of errors and detects , and might , if passed in its present shape , most mischievously affect our trade in the West Indies . That admission indeed of itself , I should have imagined , might have been a tolerable good reason why the bill should not go through the house in haste ; but we are told that the bill itself provides that it is never to be acted upon , except in cases of absolute necessity ; and the hon . gent . thinks there is great weight in that circumstance . It is that which seems particularly to reconcile him to the passing of this bill , that the power given to the privy council is guarded by the proof which they are required to have of