, were allowed to be taken two inches under the usual standard , and ten years older than they would be admitted into other military bodies . said , he had opposed the Additional Force bill in all its stages , because he thought it a measure of false pretences , and injustice to many parts of the country in which it was impossible to carry it into effect . Yet he thought this clause objectionable , as leaving the whole burthen on those countries that had obeyed the law , and releasing from all penalties those that had neglected so to do . said that the act which was now to be repealed , was a mere act of experiment , and the experiment had completely failed . In his part of the country it was absolutely impossible to raise the men , and therefore he thought it would be very unjust that the parishes should be subject to the penalties . said , as the house seemed now to have adopted the proposition for the repeal of the act , it was in vain for him to renew his objections to that course of proceeding . The question now was as to the wisdom of returning the fines , and he was firmly of opinion , under all the circumstances of their becoming due , that by so doing , the legislature would surrender its authority and its respectability . He doubted whether the committee was proceeding formally in the discussion of such a question , as the money must be considered to have been paid into the exchequer , and to be now at the disposal of the executive government , for the purposes of the Country at large . He apprehended no injury would result , if parliament would appoint some time by which the defaulting parishes should be required to furnish the men , or be subjected to the in- 73 fiction of the fine , If they were really to have the money returned , compensation ought certainly to be Made to those which had furnished men at So great an expence , at well under this act as under the Army of Reserve . The Militia laws , and all military measures were liable to the same objections , with respect to penalties , as the Additional Force bill ; but the existing Militia laws particularly , as under them a parish might become subject to a fine of 400l . per man , if it neglected , for an extended period , to furnish men ? The noble lord concluded , by expressing his hope , that parliament would maintain its dignity , and enforce the fines , if , after a reasonable notice the parishes did not comply with the provisions of the act.— The gallery was then cleared , but the bill passed through the committee , without a division , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . On the return of their lordships from the High Court of Parliament , an order was made that they should proceed again on the trial of lord Melville to-morrow.—Lord Walsingham made a report from the Committee of Privileges , on the Roos Peerage . The report stated , that the Duke of Rutland had no title to the barony claimed by the co-heirs of Robert de Roos ; and that the said barony was in abeyance , between the earl of Essex , the lady of lord Henry Fitzgerald , and sir H. Hunloke , bart—The house resolved itself into a committee on the Slave Trade bill ; and the same was reported , and ordered to be read a third time on Tuesday . A message from the lords announced their lordships intention of proceeding further with the trial of lord Melville at ten o'clock to-morrow in Westminster Hall.—Sir C. Price presented a petition from the army accoutrement makers of London , against the bill pending in parliament for the regulation of the sale of hides and skins.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee on the Tortola Free Port bill—The estimates presented yesterday by the