in circulation from Feb. 1 , 252 1805 , to Feb , 1 1806 , distinguishing each quarter , —On the motion of sir J. Newport , the report on the Irish butter bill , was taken into further consideration , and the bill was ordered to be engrossed.—Mr . Francis rose , in contemplation of the debate likely to come on to-morrow , on the Nabob of Arcot 's Creditor 's bill , to recommend to the attention of gentlemen the correspondence of a Mr. Darke , contained in the second volume of Carnatic papers , as containing much information on the subject.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the Excise-Office Regulation bill , and the Post-Office Regulation bill , were read a 2d time , and ordered to a committee of the whole house on Friday se'nnight.—Mr . Vansittart moved , that there be laid before the house an Account of the quantity , of Malt , charged with duty in England , for the last , two years , ending in 1806 ; and a similar account for Scotland : also , an Account of the quantity of Strong Beer brewed in England , from 1799 , to 1805 , and the same for Scotland : also , an Account of the number of barrels of . Strong Beer and Table Beer , brewed with , in the district of the excise-office for the last ten years . The accounts were then ordered , and immediately brought up by Mr. Vansittart , and laid on the table.—A message from the lords acquainted the house that the lords had agreed to the Mutiny Continuation bill , the Irish Treasury Bills bill , and Irish Loan bill , without any amendment.—Mr . Bankes said , that in the two last sessions of parliament , the house had exercised a very becoming liberality towards that national institution , the British Museum . In consequence of this , considerable additions had been made to the buildings of the Museum , and to the antiquities deposited there . He therefore moved that a committee be appointed to examine the state of the buildings erected for the reception of Egyptian and other antiquities , and to report to the house on the same . Agreed to . stated , that this bill for regulating the intercourse of our West-India colonies with America , had been sent down from the lords in such a shape as to prevent its being entertained by the house . He should therefore now propose , that it be read a first time , pro formâ , with the design of bringing in another bill in its room , not liable to the same objections.—The bill was then read a first time , and , on the motion 253 of lord Temple , ordered to be read a second time on that day three months . The noble lord then moved for leave to bring in a bill for similar purposes , and also that this motion be referred to the consideration of a committee of the whole house . said , that he considered the proposed bill as of the highest importance with regard to its effects on the commerce and navigation of the country . He looked upon it as neither more nor less than a repeal of the navigation act . It was a matter highly interesting to the mercantile interest ; and he trusted that sufficient time would be allowed them to consider it , and oppose it , if they Should think proper . He implored ministers not to adopt such a measure without proper enquiry . replied , that he had no objection to , any delay being allowed that might seem reasonable ; and after a few words from lord H. Petty , the motion for leave to bring in a new bill on the subject was ordered to be referred to a committee of the whole house the next day . The report on the Tortola Free-Port bill was then taken into farther consideration . observed , that the difficulty attending this bill lay in ascertaining the precise quantity of sugar