nothing had been performed ; the right hon . gent . must leave his airy schemes and metaphysical eccentricity , for wise projects , and sound sense , or the country would be left defenceless . observed , that the hon . general had talked of every thing but the army estimates . He had even introduced naval subjects , and had gone out of his way to cast a particular blame on his noble friend at the head of the admiralty , and a general blame on the whole of his majesty 's ministers , whom he had chosen to term drones . He would ask whether the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , from whom the house had just heard such a display of talents , had shewn himself a drone ? Was his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Fox ) a drone ? Was 313 the right hon . secretary of state for the war department a drone , because , duly considering the magnitude and importance of the subject , he had not proceeded so rapidly with his military plans as the impatience of the hon . general prompted him to expect ? Adverting to the hon . general 's supposition , that his right hon . friend 's tone with regard to the volunteers had been considerably lowered , since his visit to the city ; he declared , that he should think him very unworthy the situation which he held in his majesty 's councils , if he allowed a toast given by a worthy alderman to bias his determination on the great military system which he had in contemplation . But did he so ? was his tone altered ? On the contrary , all the statements made tonight by the right hon . secretary at war , of the cessation of the June allowances , of the reduction of the expences of drill serjeants , and of the abolition of permanent duty , were so many strong proofs that the tone of his right hon . friend remained unchanged . With regard to the observations made by the hon . general on this last proposition , namely , the abolition of permanent duty , great as was his faith in the military skill of that hon . general , he could easily suppose , that his right hon . friend had consulted officers who were as competent to decide on questions of this nature . The fact was , that several volunteer corps which had never been on permanent duty , had been returned by the inspecting field officers as fit to act with the line , which evinced that permanent duty was not indispensable to the attainment of discipline . The hon . general had misunderstood one part of the right hon . secretary 's statement . He had not said , that lords lieutenants were to be substituted for the present inspecting field officers of volunteers ; but he had expressly said , that three major-generals were to be appointed to that service ; and thus a great part of the useless machinery attached to the inspection of the volunteers , would be got rid of . He repeated his former sentiments on the rank of volunteer officers , and declared , that in his opinion , no rational man who now commanded a volunteer corps , but must be rejoiced at being relieved from the responsibility which his having a command over regular officers above the rank of captain , had hitherto imposed on him . said , he did not intend to enter generally into any discussion on the military policy of the country : he rose 314 principally to propose a few questions deserving some reply , at a time when the country was in so peculiar a situation , with the eyes of all Europe directed to it , after the extravagant pretentions of his majesty 's ministers , on the scheme of military improvement . He perfectly agreed with his hon . friend , that the house was at present placed in a very peculiar situation , as well in its