in his opinion . The hon . and learned gentleman in ridiculing another system said , that some men had such an 137 idea of the perfectibility of human art , as to suppose a plough might be constructed to do its wok by itself . Now , certainly the parish bill was not a machine of that construction , for with forty team of horses , or rather with forty team of asses ( for such it seemed the parish officers might be described ) , it did no work at all . The rt . hon . gent . had warned his majesty 's ministers not to be intoxicated by the sweets of power , nor led away by the pleasure of triumphing over the measures of their rivals : he therefore thought that he had a right , from the `` bed of roses '' of which they supposed his majesty 's ministers to be placed , to warn the gentlemen on the other side of the house not to be too much mortified by their disappointment , nor to be so excessively soured by their change of situation , as to look on every thing in an unfavourable light . The hon . and learned gentleman had said , that if his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) would but take time to consider , he was sure he would change his sentiments ; and yet the principal accusation against his right hon . friend had been , that he had taken too much time to consider , and that he delayed his measure too long . A noble lord ( Castlereagh ) particularly anxious for the well being of the ministry , had said , that if his wish had been to overturn the present government , the mode he should have taken would be to hold his tongue , and let them carry their own measures in such a way as must completely disgust the country . He believed , however , that that sort of hostility was not much dreaded by his majesty 's ministers , and that they would be better pleased that those gentlemen should hold their tongues , than that they should misrepresent , and endeavour to inflame the country by those misrepresentations . He believed that it would hardly be contended that there was a single parish in England that had raised its quota of men in obedience to the law , and , therefore , when the hon . and learned gentleman spoke so much of the dignity of parliament requiring that the laws should be obeyed , he should have recollected that the parishes which violated the law , were those who raised men contrary to the provisions of the act , and the parishes that did not violate the law were those who raised no men . In Leicestershire , it appeared , there was a wholesale crimp , by whose assistance that county procured its quota . There appearing to be some difference of opinion on this subject , between two representatives of that county , it had 138 been stated , in the course of the debate on a former night , that one of them did not reside in the county he represented , and that probably his constituents would remember it at the next general election . He must compliment the constituents of the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) who made the observation for his residence among them . He wished , however , to know whether he had ever seen the place he represented ( Tralee in Ireland ) , or whether he knew the name , or had seen the face of any one of his constituents ? When it was seen , that in some districts a considerable number of men had been got , and in others none at all , it was impossible to suppose , that it was because there was a great deal of loyalty and zeal in one parish or district , and none in that which immediately adjoined i . The reason was very different .