. The practice was grown into extensive use upon the continent . With repect to Spain , ( which was nut mentioned in the other house ) , particularly , he had the authority of a nobleman of high rank in this country ( the marquis of Bute ) to state , that the vaccine inoculation was highly esteemed there , and encouraged by the government , so far , that in all the royal ordonnances relative to that subject , its worthy author was styled 'the immortal Jenner ! ' He had nothing now to propose but was so fully impressed with the importance of the topic , that he could not avoid thus troubling their lordships . The speaker informed the house that George Davis , esq . the petitioner against the late return for the county of Wexford , had not entered into a recognizance , according to law , to prosecute Iris petition , and consequently the order for taking the said petition into consideration on Thursday the tenth inst . fell to the ground . Mr. Vansiftart brought in a bill for continuing the importation of coals by the Paddington canal ; Which was read a first time . Mr. Robson withdrew his notice of a motion relative to certain transactions in the barrack department in the Isle of Wight , which stood for to-morrow , with a declaration that he would briny ; it forward as soon as the necessary papers should be in the hands of the members.—The Assessed Taxes relief bill was read a third tune ; and passed.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , leave was given to bring in a bill to enable the lords of the treasury to issue exchequer bills on the aids of the year 1805 , according to the resolutions of the house to that effect.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , leave was given to bring in a bill for the more effectual performance of Quarantine in Great Britain.—A person from the commissioners of Military Inquiry , presented a copy of the memorial of John Pritchard , to these commissioners , relative to certain transactions in the barrack department . acquainted the house , that he had a message from his majesty to this house , and he presented the same to the house ; and it was read by Mr. Speaker , as followeth viz . `` G. R. Application having been made to his majesty , that the pension which was granted by his majesty of 1000l . per annum , on the revenues of Ireland , to the late lord Rodney for his life , to commence from the demise of his father George Brydges , lord Rodney , in consideration of the eminent services which had been performed by iris said father to his majesty and the public , should be continued , to George now lord Rodney , grandson of the said George Brydges , lord Rodney , his majesty , being favourably disposed to the said request , it to his faithful commons to take such measures 903 as may be necessary for enabling his majesty to make such grant , in such form as may , under the present circumstantces , be most effectual . G. R. '' Resolved , that this house will , to-morrow , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to take the said message into consideration . acquanted the house , that he had a message from his majesty to this house , and he presented the same to the house ; and it was read by Mr. Speaker , as full wedi . viz . `` G. R. His Majesty , relying on the experienced zeal and affection of , his faithful commons , and considering that it may be of the utmost importance to provide for such emergencies as may arise , is desirous that this house will enable him to take all such measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any enterprizes or designs of his enemies , and as the exigencies of a hairs may require . G. R. '' Ordered , that the