purpose . Had there been as much sound argument as there was coarse abuse , it would have been one of the most powerful harangues that ever was delivered in parliament . At the same time he could not help saying , that the points in his speech , to which it was necessary to make : any reply , were but few in number , and required but little exertion of mind to answer . It was curious to notice the manner in which the noble lord , and the hon . general beside him , happened to support each other in opposition . The noble lord concurred with the hon . general , in condemning what he called a false economy with respect to the arrangement of the cavalry ; and yet he claimed credit for the contemplation of a similar arrangement on the part of the late ministry . Now it was impossible that the noble lord 's argument upon this subject should cut both ways ; the door must be either shut or open . As to the noble lord 's allusion to the sentiments uttered by him ( Mr. W. ) on a former day respecting the volunteers , he had only to state , that the sentiments ascribed to him by the noble lord and others were materially different from those which he had really expressed . Any opinion the house had heard from him on the occasion referred to , still remained completely unchanged , and the misrepresentations of his opinions which had gone abroad should not disturb him , They must pass away with the common calumnies of the day . If asked what he meant to do with the volunteers , he would answer—to leave them precisely where they were , with some exceptions which could not be injurious to their efficiency , them character , or their feelings , while they must tend to the public benefit . The volunteers were not to be deprived of their adjutants , their serjeant-majors , or their drill-serjeants , who were material to their discipline . If it were proposed to impose any burthen , or offer any offence to the volunteers , then the clamour raised upon the subject might be excuseable . Instead however , of calling upon them to be more frequent in their attendance on parade , or perform an increased duty , it was proposed to remit their attendance , and call upon them to do duty much less frequenty than 318 heretofore . How then could the clamour against the proposed arrangements be at all justified ? With regard to the noble lord 's , assertion , that the whole of the plan he had the honour of submitting to the house should be taken into consideration altogether ; he protested against the justice of that assertion . For , although he had thought proper to open the plan altogether , it did not follow that the several parts of that plan might not be separately considered . In deed , it was in fact right and necessary that these parts should be carried into execution seriatim . To the question put , by . the noble lord , as to the course of proceeding meant to be followed upon the measures under consideration , he was ready to answer , that the point of enlisting for a limited term would be first submitted to the house . Of this project , one part of it was intended to be introduced in the shape of a clause in the mutiny bill , and the other would be proposed in a separate act relative to the arrangements for Chelsea Hospital . In the first part it would be obvious to the house , that the purpose was to leave as much as possible to the direction of future governments , in order that they might be at liberty to form any new engagements with the soldiery which might be deemed advisable . But the latter part respecting Chelsea , it was proposed to make a permanent regulation . The other part of his project , relative to the