will effect the re establishment of a surplus revenue , and the gradual reduction of the Indian debt ; but it will be in vain to hope for such effects from any other means than those which I have stated : other measures may be resorted to in aid of those means , but if attempted without them , will only aggravate the existing evils , and perhaps render them insurmountable ; but least of all can those effects be produced by the adoption of the advice Of the hon . alderman , for which , however , I do not presume to censure him , as it is the result of opinions which he has long habitually cherished ; with the view which he takes of the subject I am not surprized that the annihilation of the Company 's commerce , and the substitution of the private trade in the place of it , which to my mind present the most ruinous consequences to the East India Company , the public , and even the traders themselves , should to him seem fraught with benefits to all of them ; but , differing so widely as I do from the worthy alderman , I have felt anxious to submit to the committee my impressions on the whole subject , and I have now to assure them that nothing but my sense of its extreme importance could make me venture on so long an intrusion on their time . rose to reply . He began with observing , that after the long indulgence with which he had been honoured in a former part of the debate , he felt it his duty to abridge as much as possible , what he had to say further on the subject ; and here he must acknowledge his obligation to two hon . members ( Mr. Paull and 1210 Mr. Robson ) , and also to another hon . member ( Mr. Francis ) who had volunteered in his support . For himself , he had long fought this battle single handed , and had thrown himself alone into `` the imminent and deadly breach , '' with truth for his standard , facts for his buckler , and the powerful and never failing auxiliaries of cause and effect : What but a reliance on such auxiliaries , could have sustained him against the influence and resentment of the most powerful public body upon earth , or induced him to sacrifice personal ease , and perhaps the interests of a large family , to the prosecution of a great public object , the assertion of national right to a natural share of the British trade with its Indian dependencies.—The causes of the Company 's situation , which he had so long and so often exposed , had now produced the fatal consequences he had predicted , and dire distress and necessity were irresistibly forcing a change of system and a call for relief.—It had given him much satisfaction to hear the hon . director , who had just sat down , admitting without reserve , all the facts he had stated on a former night , although the hon . gentleman had differed as much with regard to the conclusions drawn from them , as he had misunderstood the views and objects of their exposure . The hon . director had represented him to have contrasted the present system , with the probable consequences of separating trade and revenue with no other view than that of obtaining the abolition of the Company 's charter from selfish and personal motives , when in fact he had merely stated the four active capitals requisite for conducting , even on its present scale , the Company 's trade , and the total want of any such commercial resource ; in order fiat to prove that Indian interest attached to every operation , and if it did attach , the hon . director well knew , that all alledged profit on the trade was done away . —The next object was to show the necessity of allowing British subjects to carry on that trade , which the