, which trial had proved nugatory , every fair , just , and legitimate security was granted him by the provisions of the bill 150 he had introduced . With respect to the idea that the operation of this bill would drive the creditor into the prison which the debtor now occupied , he must contend , that such an argument , if worth anything , cut both ways , and must eventually prove more favourable to the bill than it possibly could operate against it . But how stood the case as to the creditor ? The continuance of the body of his debtor in prison will neither pay the debt nor satisfy the demand . It will not increase the resources of the creditor to meet any impending embarrassment . No notion of benefit can possibly arise from the detention . The bill takes nothing from the creditor which he before possessed , but , on the contrary , surrenders to him all the property of every sort and kind whatever , which the debtor may now possess , as well as all that he shall ever possess hereafter . With respect to the observation made by the noble and learned lord near him ( Ellenborough ) as to the number of persons who had been committed to prison , since the first day of Michaelmas term last , he thought it calculated rather for the committee , than as an objection militating against the principle of the measure now proposed . Upon that conception , he had , in the bill before their lordships , inserted no specific date for its operation . But , at the same time , he would never admit , that it was fair to suppose , that all persons who were committed to prison , since the first day of Michaelmas term last , or even any part of them , had thrown themselves into prison , for the purpose of availing themselves of the benefits of this act . No ; he thought the noble and learned lord should not have attributed to the petitioners any intention of availing themselves of this measure previous to the necessity of this measure being first admitted in this house . Nor could he conceive , that a reference to the state of the prisons in the metropolis alone , was a fair criterion of judging in those respects . It might perhaps be true , that many improper persons frequently threw themselves into prison , with the hope of being comprehended under the provisions of Insolvent acts . But it should be recollected , that there were many others , victims of unforeseen distress , who had entered into engagements with the purest intentions , and whom the malignity of revengeful creditors have detained in prison , solely for the purpose of gratifying their feelings of spleen and malice . Was , there- 151 fore , any noble lord prepared to say , that innocence was to be punished , because fraud was confounded with it ? Were the miseries of the unfortunate to be aggravated , even to excessive cruelty , because there might be an equal , or possibly a greater , number of guilty among them ? He was sure that their lordships would not consent to that ; and he also called upon them to recollect , that the greater the number of the persons immured , whether guilty or not , the greater must be the hardships , the sufferings , and the miseries , of those who were innocent . Thus he trusted , that this measure would appear , not as proceeding upon any such limited view of the subject , or any such contracted principle , as had been referred to , but one which he could as safely submit to the cool dispassionate judgment of their lordships , as in any appeal to the sympathetic feelings of the noble members of that house . He sincerely hoped , that their lordships would be induced to allow the bill to go into a committee ; when any noble lord , who might conceive any particular