the calamity , the successors of earl St. Vincent had the mortification to find after all their exertions , which were of no ordinary nature , that though in the course of about 8 or 9 months they had fitted 12 fresh ships , they only served to replace an equal number which were found totally unfit for further service at sea . Such even was the state of those which earl St. Vincent had commissioned . This fact has been confirmed in another place , from authentic documents.—Let us look at the exertions of his lordship 's successors ; immediately after he quitted the office . Between that period and 15th Oct. 1805. there were put out of commission 16 sail of the line and 21 frigates , and commissioned 35 sail of the line and 38 frigates . The improved state of the navy since that period , speaks for itself ; and I shall only say that it will be fortunate for the country , if the brilliant success of the navy ; provided by that truly great and meritorious servant of the country , lord Barham , shall be followed up with equal good fortune , and by similar wisdom and energy , on the part of his successor , who now presides at that board.—I must again , sir , beg the further indulgence of the house , while I make some observations on such part of the papers , as respect the supply of timber for the navy ; and I conceive that this interesting and important subject will be found equally deserving serious attention , as those matters which I have already had occasion to submit to the house.—It is unnecessary , sir , that I should enter into a tedious detail of the measures which were pursued by the predecessors of earl St. Vincent , in order to obtain supplies of timber for the navy ; it is sufficient to know that they were effectual . Timber was procured ; and although the stock of timber in the country might have been gradually decreasing for many years , still there was no want ; the dock yards were abundantly supplied ; no se- 177 rious difficulties presented themselves , until earl St. Vincent came to the admiralty . That the supplies of timber failed during the administration of earl St. Vincent , is most clearly proved , by the accounts on the table ; by which it appears preceding that period , the annual average receipt of timber was upwards of 32,000 loads ; whereas in the years 1802 and 1803 , it was reduced to less than 20,000e . His lordship quitted the admiralty in May 1804 . Offers are usually made at that season , of the timber intended to be felled the ensuing year . The navy board state , in their letter to the admiralty , of 24th March 1804 , that the merchants could not be induced to come forward , and that the offers then made amounted to more than 2,300 to 2,400 loads . This , sir , was the situation of the country , at a moment when the greatest possible exertions in our naval arsenals were absolutely required.—The-stock in hand , more particularly of useful timber , greatly decreased ; the works in the dock yards actually stopped for want of timber ; and the melancholy prospect of only obtaining from 3 to 4 thousand loads , when the annual expenditure is above 30,000.—As I perceive by the tenor of the correspondence between the admiralty and navy boards , and by many very specious accounts and papers moved for by an hon . admiral , that it is intended to attribute the cause of all the insurmountable difficulties which arose during the administration of earl St. Vincent , to the navy board , instead of the admiralty , it is necessary that I spew the real cause of such difficulties , and to whom it is to be attributed . And here , sir , I must shortly observe , that the failure in supplies of timber appears to have been confined to