a number of these were , he thought , very properly abolished ; on the other hand , there were several which , he thought , a due respect and reverence for the holy religion of which we were members , should inculcate the observance . On this principle , he would wish that , perhaps , three or four more holidays were retained , beside those already allowed in the bill . Those to which he chiefly referred were holidays more particularly commemorative of the history of our Saviour . Before , however , he moved any amendment with respect to these , he should wish to hear from any noble lord who supported the bill , the objections which he entertained to suffering the other holidays in the protestant calendar , to stand in the present bill . argued in defence of the measure , in the shape in which it came up from the other house . In a great degree , the precedent of former regulating acts of the kind , was followed with respect to the present . The consideration of such days as the description of persons to whom the bill applied were in the habit of devoting to divine service , was kept in view , in framing the present measure . Many of the holidays , which , as far as Custom-house attendance went , were proposed to be abolished , were not appropriated by those persons for divine service , but for purposes of idle amusement or relaxation . The object was to compel those persons who were to execute the duties of the respective offices , duly and diligently to attend to the same . The inconvenience and disadvantage which the present number of holidays at the Custom-house produced to commercial men , was inconceivable . At times , and on days where-in all other species of commercial business was in a train of regular transaction , the doors of the Custom-house were shut . The merchant who could regularly perform all his other business , was unable to transact that , often most important part of it , which appertained to the Custom-house . After 918 adducing some other observations in favour of the measure , in its present shape , he expressed his disapprobation of such amendments as were adverted to by the right rev . prelate . observed , that after what had fallen from the noble lord , he despaired of being able to introduce an amendment into the bill , for the observance of those holidays , he had at first in contemplation . There were some particular days , which he still remained strongly of opinion should be observed , such as those days for which regular church service was established . Notwithstanding , however , the objections which had been offered , he hoped their lordships would still agree to the addition of at least two holidays , which related to points essentially connected with the history of our Saviour . The first of these was the Epiphany , and which he should propose for insertion , as an amendment . supported the observations of his grace of Canterbury . Those holidays which were commemorative of the earliest and most important facts in the history of the Gospel , should , at least , be retained ; those especially which referred to the history of our Saviour 's own life , should be retained ; he meant at the Custom-house . Were those suffered to remain , he would not , in that respect , be so anxious about the rest . The days to which we undertood the right rev . prelate to refer were , the Epiphany , the Annunciation , the Ascension , and the Nativity of St. John the Baptist . In what he advanced upon the point , he observed , he was not actuated by a puritanical desire for a rigid observance of holidays . He knew there were some wherein an idle or improper observance of the holiday did more harm than good ; for that reason he was not unwilling to contract the number .