every thirty parishes , or 30,000 men : there would never be sufficient to try within the year , the operation of the recruiting service upon so extensive a field . Last year the number of parties detached on the ordinary recruiting were 450 , while those under the Additional Force bill were 260 . These consisted of 4000 men , of whom 600 were valuable officers , whom the service could by no means spare ; and when the expence of maintaining those officers and soldiers on the recruiting service was considered , it was clear that the expence must be added to the charge of raising the men . This amounted last year to 201,000l . which , on an average of the men raised , amounted to no less a sum than 18l . per man , exclusively of all bounty to the recruits themselves . Now , if the rt . 9 hon . gent . would compare this with the expence of raising men under this bill , be would find that the charge in the parishes did not exceed an average of 4 guineas per man . Had his majesty 's late minister continued in office , it was certainly their intention to have taken advantage of that system for the general recruiting service , and to have established a kind of parochial agency in every part of the kingdom . He knew too well the opinions of the rt . hon . gent . of such agency to suppose he would adopt it , considering , as he did , every man in coloured clothes , who raised a recruit , as nothing better than a crimp . But , from the best enquiries he could make , he was able to learn , that any benefit to be derived in that way must be under the local influence of the parishes , and not by any unknown officers appointed by government , who would infallibly become obnoxious to the people , be regarded as crimps , and their exertions prove totally unsuccessful . He would not deny that abuses had existed under the operation of the act in question ; but he denied that they existed to the extent that had been stated , or that they were in their nature incurable With all these abuses , however , they had already furnished the country with a very considerable augmentation of its military force , and much more might still be expected from its operation . One abuse had been stated to be , the circuitous bounty which had been given to those entering the line ; but this only amounted to 5 guineas per man , and did not extend to more than 3,800 men , who had enlisted for general service . It had also been said , that the practice of raising men by agency had been an abuse arising from the act . But he would contend , that it was as much local in its operation as the militia service ; and that under it , the men were in general as strictly levied within every particular county . Besides , then was nothing in the nature even of the militia service , which prevented the introduction of agency to a certain extent . The system of agency had always existed , in some degree , even in the militia , and was not an abuse confined to the act . It was not surprising that the measure should have been at first sight received by gentlemen in the country , with some degree of lassitude and indifference , from the experience they had of preceding plans ; and he would venture to predict , that the rt . hon . secretary 's levy-en-masse would meet with a similar reception . It had also been said , the operation of the act had been oppressive to the country ; but we 10 had likewise to consider the momentous situation in which the country was placed , and the difficulties with which we were surrounded . ( Here Mr. Windham whispered the expression `` a bed of roses