actually 18 years of age . That every soldier abroad , at the period of the expiration of his service , should be sent home free from expence , and , on his arrival in Great Britain , should receive the usual allowance of marching-money , to Carry him to his particular parish or place . 422 If in Great Britain at the time he was entitled to his discharge , then also that he should be entitled to the allowance of marching-money . These were the only alterations he had to propose , and with what the house was already in possession of , from what he had formerly stated on the subject , and any other alterations he might have to propose in the course of the business , formed the general system by which he submitted that the army might most properly and successfully be recruited at the present time . He had to submit that it should be left open to the executive government , to vary the terms of the bargain in future years , as they should see cause . It was impossible , in a case so varied , to provide for every contingency which might possibly present itself , by legislative provision . In saying this , he wished to be understood how false and unfounded the clamour and alarm were which had been sounded , of our resorting to a measure which was irrevocable ; that we were now binding ourselves up by an irrevocable rule , from which we could not at any future period recede . The measure was , no doubt , irrevocable as to the army which it might raise , and to them the good faith pledged was irrevocable ; but still it was not an irrevocable measure , but one which might be abandoned at any time . It was necessary to keep in view the reasons for , as well as against such a step . There must be involved in every measure something like a sacrifice , something to he given for something else to be received . It had been said , that the present measure was not pressed on us by necessity ; that we were hazarding an experiment which we were not called on to make ; that we were parting with men when we were not obliged to do so . All agreed that we would not willingly part with men in time of war , but the question was how we should most effectually induce men to enter into a service where they would be useful during war ? We were not ignorant that advantages were not to be procured without proportionate sacrifices . And would any man say that we were not at this moment in a situation in which we were pressed to the adoption of some extraordinary remedy ? Look at the measures which had been adopted for 15 years last past , on this very subject ; one would have thought us an extraordinary set of projectors , on observing this scene . Look at our projects since the beginning of the late war , or rather take a period some- 423 what earlier . It was resolved to increase the militia , by means of calling out the supplementary part of them , to 100,000 men . If the ordinary recruiting had answered the purpose , it is not to be supposed that a Mode of procuring men , so oppressive to individuals , and so prejudicial to the future interests of the service , would have been resorted to . But it was tried , however , and tried till it could do no more . And yet it did not fully effect its object , for it stopped short at about 80,000 men , and further it could not be carried . Peace ensued . After which , the war came , and found our military establishments low ; and this scheme was again resorted to , with an addition which rendered it still more oppressive than before , and that was the quarterly penalties which were imposed on the counties