of roads and bridges in Scotland . The report was ordered to be received to-morrow . acquainted the house , that he had a message from his majesty to this house , signed by his majesty ; and he presented the same to the house ; and it was read by the Speaker , and is as followeth , viz . His Majesty having , by his message of the 8th day of April,1778 , recommended to his faithful commons to make competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of the younger branches of the Royal Family , and in consequence thereof , an act having passed , charging certain annuities , for such purpose , upon the aggregate fund of Great Britain ; but no provision having afterwards been made in the act , by which 876 the serveral revenues composing the said aggregate fund were transferred to the consolidated fund of G. Britain , for securing the said annuities , by reason whereof the provision so recommended by his maj. and carried into effect by act of parliament , has failed and become ineffectual ; his maj. recommends to the house of commons to consider of such measures as may be necessary for securing the said annuities upon the consolidated fund , and his maj. can not forbear taking this occasion to express his desire , that his faithful commons will take into consideration the propriety of such increase of the said allowances , as the change of circumstances that has since taken place shall appear to have rendered just and reasonable ; and that they will make such further provision , in consequence thereof , as the nature of the case shall be found to require . `` —The message was referred to the committee of supplies . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Auditor 's bill . wished , as considerable doubts had gone abroad on the subject , to ask the noble lord whether they were to understand that any considerable portion of the 450 millions , he had stated on a former occasion as the amount of unaudited accounts , was recoverable to the public ? was surprised , after all the discussions that had taken place on the subject , and all the explanations that had been given , that any doubt could be entertained on this subject . He meant as he had stated , that public accounts to that amount were still unaudited , and of course unaccounted for , that is , that the accounts had not been regularly investigated , or finally audited . stated , that he did not expect the second reading to have been pressed this night , the bill having only come into the hands of the members within the last two or three hours . said , he had no wish to press the bill , but thought the debate on the principle might as well take place on the question for the Speaker 's leaving the chair . To this assented . Hehad , however , serious objections to the principle of the bill 877 which he thought calculated to raise the surmises to which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Jones ) had just alluded . He maintained that nine tenths of the 450 millions mentioned by the noble lord as unaudited had actually been audited before they came to be considered by the Commissioners of Accounts , by whom it had formerly been resolved , that it was an unnecessary waste of the public money , to audit the accounts of the Navy , Army , Bank , Ordnance , Customs , & c. which were actually audited , and effectually audited , previous to their coming before them . If these were laid out of the computation he contended that not ten millions would remain of accounts unaudited , and if the noble lord at the head of the Treasury Board , or the noble lord opposite , had been aware of this circumstance , he was convinced the house would never have been troubled with the present bill . could not