. We had heard much from the hon . general and others , of the increase of our Indian revenues ; but in vain are our revenues increased , if the increase of our expenses keeps pace with them , The true question is not , what is the amount of our revenues , but what is the amount of our surplus ; and unhappily it will be found , that as our revenues have increased of late years , our surplus has diminished , as will appear from the following particulars : In the years 1793–4 . Revenue . Interest . Charges . Net Rev . £ . 8294399 £ . 526205 £ . 6115146 £ . 1612226 In the years 1802–3 13464537 1457377 10940324 869988 In the years 1803–4 13273044 1534758 13518170 1779884 And this last year , in which , instead of a surplus , there was so large a deficit , included only a part of the expence of the first war with the Mahratta chiefs Dowlut Row Scindia and the Berar rajah . It was obvious , therefore , that there was a necessity for an available surplus , and in a degree commensurate to the occasion , Without this , all plans for the reduction of our Debt must be chimerical . No ingenuity of plan could relieve that man whose expences were greater than his income . This was hot the time to enter into a discussion of the means of reducing the Debt , but it was clear that an economical spirit was essential ; and this being presupposed , of which indeed the recent proceedings of the 1160 Bengal government give fair promises , he thought that the reduction was practicable , perhaps even without resorting to an increase of the Company 's capital ; though he did not conceive the objection of an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Francis ) to this measure to be sufficient , because , if money could be employed to advantage , as it was clear it could in the present case , it was immaterial whether the advantage was to be in the way of commerce or gain by interest . There were , however , other objections to increasing the capital at present ; for , during war , it must be raised on terms comparatively unfavourable , and the public might object to the increase of the capital on such terms , for the purpose of paying off Indian Debt.—As the hon . general had enlarged on the improved state of the Company 's credit in India during the administration of lord Wellesley , the hon . gent . said , he felt it necessary to make some remarks on that subject : and , first , with respect to the Sinking Fund established in Bengal . That fund , although it had indeed bought up a considerable sum of the Debt , had in fact given no extraordinary aid to the reduction of it ; for it differed essentially in its principle from the Sinking Fund established in England , which with every new provision for the payment of interest on loans , laid an additional tax on the subject to form a fund for the reduction of the principal ; here was an addition to the income of the state . But the Bengal Sinking Fund was formed by no such addition of income . It had only a part of an income existing before , appropriated to this particular object of buying up Company 's paper , and an equal reduction might have been effected by the same sum in directly paying off debt , without any establishment of a Sinking Fund , the establishment of which , as all the available surplus of the Bengal revenue was pledged to the public to be primarily applied to pay off debt , seemed to trench on the faith of Government in respect to that pledge , and if it were true , as he had heard , that the advances to the Sinking Fund were even anticipated by loans from the treasury , this was certainly a direct violation of