, and as likely to last as his own . This grant was the only favour he ever asked for himself or any of his family , close as were the friendship and intimacy which had for above 17 years subsisted between himself and his late right hon . friend now no more ; and he believed that he , in this instance , stood the single exception to all men who had ever preceded hint in office , under similar circumstances . The office of secretary of the treasury was after its first reduction , upon further consideration of the lords commissioners , raised to 4,000l . a year ; and he was convinced that any man who considered the talents requisite to till the situation , and the laborious extent of duties it involved , would not consider this salary at all immoderate ; 799 but besides this , it placed the man who held it in such a situation , as that no gentleman filling the office , could save one shilling from the income . He had heard that rumours prevailed without doors respecting the immense emoluments amassed by him , but without deigning to take any notice of such assertions ; when , however , such allusions were made within those walls , he felt it his duty to answer , and he trusted that he had now satisfactorily refuted them . When his right hon . friend had formerly retired from office , he believed it was fully in the recollection of the right hon . gent . now a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) who succeeded him , that he had been earnestly solicited to continue in office , but positively declined it ; nor would he act under any other administration than that of his right hon . friend , while he lived ; and he could now appeal to the noble lord at the head of the administration , whether he had not repeatedly pressed hint to appoint a successor in the department he filled ; so far was he from feeling any solicitude to continue in office . The part he had taken in this house since the change of administration , was one which he thought became him . He had vindicated the conduct of his kite right hon . friend , and the administration in which he presided , from the censures so continually cast on them by the noble lord and his colleagues : and he could assure the noble lord , that , had it not been for those censures , he would have continued as silent a member since , as he had been before his departure front office.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . moved the order of the day for a committee of the whole house on the Oude charge ; when the house resolved into the committee , Mr. Hawthorne in the chair.—The first witness called was col. Baynes , who had been aid-de camp to general sir J. Craig . He was examined touching the state of the territories of the nabob Vizier , both before and after the treaty of cession , and as to the various military operations whilst he was in India . With respect to the disbanding the troops of the nabob , he had no opportunity of knowing , personally , whether that measure had been resorted to with the consent of the nabob , or executed without his concurrence.—Mr . H. Strachey was next called in . He had filled several situations , such as register , collector , and judge of appeals , and of a criminal court in India . The examination of this 800 gentleman turned upon the general policy of the measures adopted with respect to Oude , and the relative situation of the nabob 's provinces , and those of the company , as to disturbances at the time of the cession . On being asked by Mr. Paull his private opinion , as well as what he knew to be the opinion of the natives , with respect to the general policy and justice of the