by moving an amendment , that , instead of the wod `` now '' in the motion of his noble friend for the 2d reading of the repeal bill , the words `` this day three weeks '' be inserted . thought the best substitute for the act would be to repeal it , and to leave the recruiting service to act freely , and without impediment . He contended that the act had , in its operation , been found totally inefficient ; and that it was absurd to suppose that parish officers could be converted into recruiting officers with any beneficial effect . It was true , that inspecting officers had been sent round the country to teach them their new duty , but , the parish officer only holding his situation for a year , no sooner was be taught in this new military school how to act in his new character , than he went out of office , and another succeeded , equally ignorant , who had to go through the same course of instruction . The act , he contended , had been invariably found either nugatory or oppressive in its operation , without producing any benefit whatever to the army , but , on the contrary , impeding and embarrassing the recruiting service ; and therefore he should support its repeal . said , he objected to the repeal of the Additional Force bill on the strongest grounds which at such a dangerous crisis could be stated : he meant that it would be a prelude to the entire dissolution of our military establishment . Unhappily for this country , when the war commenced , we were in an unprovided state— [ a cry of 'hear , hear , ' from the ministerial side ] . Since the assertion at 275 tracted so much notice , he would repeat it , `` Unhappily for the country , we were in an unprovided state . '' And to what was it to be attributed ? To the reduction of the military force under the administration of the noble lord ( lord Sidmouth ) whose particular attention the observation seemed to have excited . The bill now opposed was not only designed to raise a competent army during war , but it was to perpetuate the same means of security , so that , whether in a belligerent or a tranquil state , we were to be prepared for all the exigencies of our situation . This bill was a most beneficial expedient , and worthy of that great statesman who framed it ; and he would confidently assert , that neither could the crown repose in safety on the head that sustained it , nor could the liberty of the people be secure , if the greatest caution was not employed in the new projects of military arrangement . It was said , that the bill had injured the recruiting service : it had done so , but this was the most satisfactory proof of its success . No doubt a contrivance by which 15,000 were annually obtained for the army must take out of the recruiting market no inconsiderable supply . But what was to be substituted for this advantageous scheme ? We were to have limited service , or a periodical disorganization of the military force . spoke to order . Nothing had been said about the limited service , and it formed no part of the question before the house . thought his noble friend was perfectly in order . It was a military measure , and he was correct in examining the immediate consequences of the repeal ; Which must be the adoption of some other device . admitted he was , if the plan of limited service were the necessary effect of the repeal : but the one had no such influence on the other ; they were considerations intirely distinct . was inclined to think the allusion of his noble friend was not am improper reference to what had been said in another place ; it was adverting to a matter of notoriety all over the kingdom But