still retained in that place where the recruiting could succeed best . He thought that both countries ought to be included in this bill . contended that this bill was totally different from the parish bill , in respect of fines , for the people were fined so enormously , that they could not pay , for not doing what they could not by any possibility perform . There were few labourers who would not choose rather to he trained 24 days , with Is . a-day , than to pay 5l . If gentlemen went on a principle of equality , the bill ought to extend to Ireland ; there were reasons against this , and so there were for extending it to Scotland . He was of opinion that none of the volunteers of Scotland would withdraw themselves , on account of being deprived of the addition . I allowance . observed , that he had never heard a measure supported on such slender grounds , or by so little good sense . The bill was to be considered both in the light of a benefit and a burden , and he could see no reason for confining its effects to one part of the country . With regard to the most extensive and populous part of Scotland , whatever was applicable to England was also applicable to Scotland . As to the bill being a matter of experiment , he would ask , was a small surface selected , when it was proposed to extend the experiment to all England ? and why should England alone be selected for this experiment , which , it not found to answer , was to be withdrawn , after the feelings of Englishmen had been sported with ? Were we so vile and contemptible as to be called upon to bear this burden alone ? From all he had heard of the volunteers of Scotland he was disposed to speak of them with respect , but it gave him pain to listen to the invidious and unfair comparison that had been made by a right hon . gent . this night . He would ask him , what he had to complain of as to the zeal or discipline of the volunteers of England ? On the whole he thought , that Scotland , where the great body of the people had the same 849 manners and habits with the people of this country , should not be exempted from a burden which this country was to bear . With regard to the number of men that would come forward to be disciplined , he was not very sanguine on that point . It would be a material drawback with many , to consider that they were liable to be drafted into any regular regiment , for an unlimited period , as might happen to be the case under the bill . considered , that for a permanent military arrangement , there was too much of severity in this system . The people of England were ready to bear those hardships which appeared necessary , but not those burdens for which they could see no necessity . When there was a pressing danger , the volunteers appeared sufficient to meet it ; and if there was any relaxation in their discipline , or deficiency in their numbers at the present time , it was merely because the danger was less urgent . thought the provisions of the bill not applicable to Scotland at present . When it was now argued that this bill , by inflicting a fine , imposed a great burden on the people of England , he must beg leave to remind the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) who brought in the other bill , that that was supported merely by arguments on what was called the undoubted prerogative of the crown , and that there were no means given of escaping its operation even upon the payment of a fine . It must , therefore , evidently appear that the former bill was a greater burden imposed upon the people of England