his opinion the most splendid and glorious administration which India ever knew . He had such a high opinion of the splendid abilities , the unshaken integrity , and the ardour of mind in the public service which was always manifested by lord Wellesley , that it would be to him a great recommendation of sir . G. Barlow to say , that he co-operated zealously in the measures and in the system of marquis Wellesley , whose conduct he so much admired . As his conduct was now under discussion , he did not wish to add more upon the subject . The court of directors had formed one opinion , he had formed another diametrically opposite . He should not dispute with them the exercise of their judgment , and he hoped no one would refuse him the exercise of his own : time would shew whose opinion on this subject was the justest . As to the production of the correspondence moved for , he trusted the house would see that it was highly improper . Although , to follow the analogy of the British constitution , the lords and the commons were a mutual check to each other , yet it was found that they always 962 drew well for the public interest . He trusted that it would be the same way between the board of controul and the board of directors . If the private reasons and personal objections which made ministers refuse the appointment of any individual were to be made a matter of public discussion , no persons would be found to take the situation of ministers . There might be many reasons why , without any crime being imputable to an in-individual , ministers might suppose him unfit to be trusted with the interests of millions . If , however , in every individual case , ministers were obliged to tell each individual to his face the personal objections they had to him , or if ( which , would come to the same thing ) their correspondence upon this subject was to be laid before parliament , the situation of ministers would be intolerable to any one who possessed the common feelings of a man . On these grounds he must object to the pro duction of the correspondence moved for . said , that if any public inconvenience were stated as likely to result from the production of the correspondence moved for , that would be a sufficient reason for negativing the production . If , on the contrary , no public inconvenience were stated , and any advantage to the public were likely to result from the production , he did not think those motives of private feeling entitled to so much weight . He agreed that the person who brought forward any motion for papers , was obliged to make out a prima facie case , at least , to support his motion . Such a case appeared to him to have been made out in the present instance . There was upon the face of the transaction sonic ground of blame , unless ministers could shew that they had good reason for advising the recall of sir G. Barlow . As to the act of parliament , he did not see that there could be much difference of opinion . There was no doubt that the act gave ministers the power of recalling a governor-general , and the only question was , whether they had not made a wanton and capricious use of their power . He was perfectly ready to admit , that by the bill there was a discretionary power vested in the government . The question was not as to the right , but whether it has been soundly or unsoundly exercised . It would be proper to enquire a little into the state of India 963 Upon the decease of marquis Cornwallis , the government devolved upon sir G. Barlow . He had frequent communications with that noble lord previous to his departure for India , and considering his advanced time of life , he never knew a man more likely to