's . conclusions were founded in the grossest misrepresentation and misconception . And with respect to the learned judge in Ireland ( judge Johnson ) to whom the hon . gent . had alluded , whenever he thought proper to institute an enquiry on that or any subject of fair discussion , touching the conduct of his 640 majesty 's ministers , he would find them ready to meet the investigation . But , unfortunately there were some subjects upon which the acrimony of some hon . gentlemen outran their discretion , and every regard and feeling of decorum . Did the hon . and learned gent . recollect nothing about the judicial appointment and the grants of pensions , which took place in Ireland under the administration of which he formed a part ? Would he condescend to ask the noble lord next to him ( Castlereagh ) a question on that point ? Would his noble friend answer for him how judge Johnson came to be a judge ? Would the noble lord condescend to say , whether there was or was not any judge in Ireland who enjoyed his seat , or any other man who enjoyed his pension or his place , as the price of his vote upon the union ? Would the noble lord answer this question ? Did his rt . hon . deceased friend wish to institute any enquiry upon this subject ? Perhaps it would be more creditable to the hon . and learned gent . 's discretion to consult a little the ease of his friends , feelings , before he ventured to put questions likely to terminate but little to their peace of mind . With respect to the bill , Mr. Fox said , that administration might not perhaps , be very long lived ; but he hoped that gentlemen would give them till next session to exist . It was intended that his majesty should be soon advised to follow up this measure with the declaration of what was his royal wish ; and if the bill should pass the lords in its present form next session , an application would be made to parliament for its sanction to the completion of the system . said , that though he had no right to complain that the right hon . secretary had followed his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) into the more general topics of his speech ; yet of his total neglect and omission of those parts which more immediately affected the bill before the house , he thought he and the house had a right to complain ; for , surely , it was high time that some one at least of his maiesty 's ministers should now at length upon this last opportunity , afford some light as to their own sense and meaning in the measure under discussion ; and if they could not ( which they probably could not ) contend that it was framed to answer any useful purpose , should at least condescend to explain what purpose they . themselves bad in view . All his however the right hon . secretary had thought himself at liberty to pass over , and to leave the question altogether in the same 641 obscurity in which it had been left by its original mover ( Mr. Windham ) . The right hon . secretary attempted to justify his unwillingness to enter into the .discussion , by reproaching gentlemen on this side of the house for not having urged their objections at an earlier stage of the bill , either entirely forgetting , or wilfully overlooking the circumstance , that at any other earlier stage it was utterly impossible to discuss it with any prospect of utility ; for never till the present stage was the bill in a shape at all intelligible . It was brought in , as the house would remember , as a companion to the mutiny act , and a sort of commentary on a new clause in that act , by which the whole constitution of the army was changed . This change