, and was appropriated in his hands to the payment of the soldier 's pension ; the words should not only be corrected , but the whole provision must be extended , otherwise , as it stands , if the soldier is to have any legal mode of enforcing his demand at all , it must be by his petition of right alone . And then , he said , the upshot of the whole of this notable expedient to make the soldier so sure and certain of his future allowance was this , the king may make an order , under which if a soldier enlists he will have a legal right to his future pension , provided parliament , 14 or 21 years after , shall think proper to ratify the order by granting money for the payment of that pension ; and that right shall be so clearly and securely vested in the soldier , that he shall be able to enforce it by a legal suit , namely , a petition of right . Now that there can be no greater complication of absurdity in one little clause of one act of pail . he said , he would not affirm , because the right hon . gent . has other bills yet to bring in ; and as he has great powers in this style of legislation , perhaps he may yet exceed what he has already done . But he trusted that he had made good his undertaking to the house , by shewing that the clause was totally inefficacious and absurd , and that it amounts to no more than this , that they undertake to ratify an order which the king may make , provided always that they like to do so when they see it . This is the new power given by this act to the crown . this is the great effect of this mighty act.—If he had been to be asked , he said , before the right hon . gent . last come into office , what act in a statesman or public man that the right honourable gentleman would have considered as the 632 most weak , and indicating a mind least capable of any wide range of useful thought , he should have answered , without any hesitation , the passing of an act of parliament for the sake of passing it , where no useful and important effect was to be produced by it . And yet , he said , this very thing it was , that the necessities of the right hon . gent . had driven him to do . For having been driven by the weight of the objection to it , to amend into nothing , the clause in the shape in which it was to have given the full power of legislating over the public purse on this subject to the king ; having been obliged to abandon the operative part of his bill , he still adheres to the bill itself . And why ? for this reason . To those who do not examine the matter closely , and who are contented with consulting only the titles of acts of parliament , the right hon . gent . will appear to have been doing something for Chelsea , and something towards making better provision for soldiers . And though he can not avoid the fact of he will , said , in some degree disguise the appearance of it , he will have an act of parliament in short to shew for his pains . Indeed , he said , it is in precise conformity with the other acts of the present administration , where little or no performance followed upon great promises . It is a precise counterpart to the operation of the chancellor of the exchequer with respect to the sugar tax . That tax made part of the ways and means of his budget , and was taken to produce 300,000l . ; the remonstrances , however , against the injustice of this tax , as it was originally intended , were so