deliberate perusal of the report absolutely necessary for his purpose , he applied to the house to have the printing postponed to some future period ; this , however , could not be complied with , so that he was now placed in such a situation that he could not be able to lay that plan upon the table which he originally wished , and which he had pledged himself to do . He should still however assert , that with the produce arising from a saving upon the canteens and manure , he would engage to pay the whole expence of all the temporary barracks in England . He should now call upon the chancellor of the exchequer and the secretary at war to assign to him some reason why they did not consent to all his former motions , and support him to their utmost in his endeavours to provoke inquiry . He should warn these gentlemen , that if in the space of 6 months hence matters remained as they now were , a great share of responsibility would fall upon them for their unpardonable neglect . The secretary at war had , upon the day alluded to , presented some papers , stating the rents of canteens , & c . but these did not answer his ( Mr. Robson 's ) purpose . He therein found only a 1254 bare statement of the sum received by the late Barrack Master General , but he neither found the particulars of expenditure , the period when payments were made , nor the time comprehended in the whole of such statement . He considered it therefore , as no account at all . Was it merely for the purpose of appearing consistent in their votes , that the house had granted such a document ? The right hon . secretary must surely perceive that he had been only moving for a thing in an imperfect state , which had been formerly moved for in a perfect one . In short , this paper by no means came near what he wished the house to be possessed of . What he wanted was a distinct and accurate statement of the canteens employed , and the produce of manure in each county . It should be a monthly statement , or such as every Barrack Master was bound to send weekly . For this purpose he begged leave to renew the motion he had formerly submitted to the consideration of the house upon this subject , which had been formerly rejected.—After some little debate as to the point of order , the motion Was made in nearly the following terms . `` That there be laid before this house , an account of money received , on the part of government , for dung , ashes , dust , straw , Sweepings , or other things being articles of manure ; the name or names of the persons to whom sold ; the sum or sums received ; the name or names of the persons through whose hands the said sums have been received , on the part of the public ; the time when such sale ceased ; if so , stating the cause of cessation ; the number of non-commissioned officers and men , and the number of horses generally quartered or lodged at each station respectively , '' & c. said , he did not object to the motion , nor had he objected to any motion tile hon . gent . had brought forward . At the same time , he thought it necessary to say , that the making out these accounts would be attended with great inconvenience , and a very heavy expence ; for many additional clerks must be employed for the purpose ; and it was for the house to consider whether they would authorise such an expence , after the hon . gent . had talked of throwing up the business , and it was not certain whether he was sincere in his intention to proceed with the inquiry . If his noble friend near him ( lord H. Petty )