lordships must either agree to this plan , or subject themselves to the painful feeling that they had left the state without a mutiny bill at a period of war . observed , that after the able and elegant speech which had been made in favour of the measure by the illustrious person whom he had in his eye ( the duke of Gloucester ) , a speech which must have made an indelible impression on the minds of all who heard it , he was surprised that the noble lords on the other side should have persisted in their objections . He then adverted to the necessity of increasing our army , in opposition to a noble lord who had said that our disposable force was already great enough . In order to attain this ob- 656 ject , we must now have recourse to a measure simple in itself , but likely to be most powerful in its effects , after all the nostrums which had been tried and had failed . This country ought to have more than its money to depend upon in order to secure it from danger , and to maintain its respectability . The effects of subsidies had already been seen . It had been said that this country was now in the zenith of its glory . It might be so , perhaps , for it was one of the effects of a burning sun to have no shadow , and certainly our sun had lately left no shadow of glory to those upon whom it had lately shone . A noble lord had compared our volunteers , for whom he certainly had the greatest respect , to the Macedonian 's phalanx . The comparison was not a happy one , but we had undoubtedly lately followed the system of Philip , and depended more on our gold than on the force of our arms . There was this difference , however , that his gold led to victory , ours to defeat . He denied that this was any infringement of the prerogative , which no one could be more anxious to defend than he would be , because he thought that its security was necessary for the safety of the liberties of the people . It had been said by some noble lords , that the present ministers had got into the Elysium , for which they had long been anxious , and that they could not conduct themselves with moderation . The noble lords on the other side were in the seats of sorrow and suffering ; but they were not , it appeared , without some consolation , for one of them had hinted a sort of hope that ministers might do something which would restore him to his fields again . When his friends therefore should be disposed to solicit his favour , he might , perhaps , console them as Falstaff did justice Shallow , when in great anxiety about his thousand pounds— '' Trust me , Master Shallow , I shall be sent for anon . '' But as those who were in Elysium were said to be employed in the same pursuits which engaged their attention while alive , so ministers followed the same course which they had recommended when their recommendation had not such a good chance of being attended to . He defended the measure on the grounds of its humanity , as it would almost remove the temptation to desertion , and the punishments consequent upon it . It would improve the character of the army , and spread a great number of veterans over the country , who would be of the greatest service in case of its being the seat of war . It was not a mere speculative theory , for the thing had been 657 tried and found effectual in other countries . As to the colonial service , he mentioned that in the Spanish army , those only who enlisted for a limited period were sent to the colonies . He concluded by expressing his conviction that this measure would produce the most essential advantages .