lord of the admiralty , my right hon . friends the present and preceding treasurer of the navy ( Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Tierney ) , all of them privy-councillors ; my learned friend ( sir A. Pigott ) , his majesty 's attorney-general ; and , among many others , my noble friend the earl of Lauderdale , at whose house the original engagement was drawn , at whose table it was signed . It was my lot too , sir , to be one of the `` Friends of the People ; '' at all times the least considerable , and now , I believe , the last of them . My right hon . friend was not a member of that society ; but , I think , his subsequent conduct has proved that he concurred in our principles . The institution itself has gone into oblivion . A feeble memory is one of those human infirmities , which sometimes accompany the most exalted faculties . But I have no doubt that the principles still live in the hearts of my noble friends , though they are not aware of it , and that , some time or other , they will be resorted to again . From this society , a petition was presented to the house on the 6th of May 1793 , and is recorded on our journals . Some persons , I presume , are yet in existence here , Who may remember how it was received . Among other allegations , the petitioners asserted , 406 That the house of commons did not fully and fairly represent the people of England ; that this hon . house is not an adequate representation of the people of England ; and that if this hon . house should be pleased to determine that the people of England ought not to be fully represented , they prayed that such our determination should be made known . '' The plain amount of these declarations is , that the people are not represented , or very slightly and partially at the utmost , by the house of commons ; and this must have been , more or less , the principle of every preceding project of reform , which proposed to increase the number of voters at elections . But I never heard that among those , who carried their opinion on this point as far as it would go , there was a single individual so absurd or so depraved as to contend , that he ought not to be taxed , because he was not represented . For that duty at least , he would have found the house of commons , as it stands , perfectly sufficient to impose the duty , and to compel obedience.—The only article , that remains to be considered , and with that I shall conclude , is the prudence of making this exception in favour of foreigners , in the present times and circumstances of the country . The chancellor of the exchequer has been obliged to abandon the first tax he has proposed on iron ; and I suspect that the home brewery is very likely to share the same fate . The fact , I fear , is , that we are arrived at the final limit of taxation on consumption , or very near it . The multitude can pay no more , without crushing and confounding the gradations of society , when no distinction of rank or fortune will be left , but between the many and the few . I wish I could remember and repeat the eloquent language , with which this opinion , or the conclusion I would draw from it , was urged and enforced a few days ago , by my hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , who closed the Impeachment of lord Melville . Speaking of the treasure of the navy , he said , what I say of all the public revenue , `` that it has its fibrous root in the meal of every peasant ; in the cloth of the coat he wears