sufficient reason for repealing it . He would put it to that noble lord , would it be a sufficient ground for opposing his own measures of finance , to say that they pressed hard on the country ? The noble lord would not admit such an argument as conclusive against his 10 per cent . property bill , which was supported on the strange and fanciful idea , that it was more consoling to the feelings of the nation , to see at once how high the tax could be carried , without going through any gradations of increase . The noble lord would certainly reply , that he knew such a tax must press hard upon the people ; but he did not know any other that would produce what was wanting with less pressure . It was upon that principle that he should defend the act that it was now proposed to repeal . He should say , that he knew no other system more likely than the present to obtain the number of men that were wanting . It was rating it low to say , that with the assistance of this act , no less than 20,000 recruits were obtained annually . He should then ask , had ever the ordinary recruiting service , without that assistance , produced that number ? If not , the excess must be attributed to the 20 operation of this act . But , supposing that the act should be repealed , and in the course of the next year it was to be found , that instead of an increase , in consequence of the plan of the rt . hon . gent . it should produce an absolute diminution , what then must be done ? If the plan should fail , it was evident that they must then have recourse to compulsion of some sort or another . He thought gentlemen that felt so much tenderness and compassion for the hardships to which the parishes were now exposed , would do well to consider what they must be exposed to next year , if the plan of the rt . hon . gent . should not produce the effect he expected . In such case they must either have recourse to the ballot , or else to that sort of compulsion which acts upon the purse rather than upon the person . The ballot would certainly be more oppressive than the present act , for should the ballotted men find substitutes , there would be precisely the same quantum of money levied upon the parishes , but in a manner much more unequal and oppressive to individuals . As to the plan that had been stated by the rt . hon . gent as a substitute for this measure , there was no certainty of its being adopted by parliament , and therefore if the existing act was repealed , it would be possible that there would be nothing to set in its place . ( Cries of hear , hear ! from the ministerial bench ) However clamorously gentlemen might cry hear , hear ! he must say they had produced no documents to influence the House , and that it was too much to expect them to act on their prejudices alone . He could not but complain of the house being deprived of the authority of the opinions of the general officers who had been consulted . He understood , however , that with the exception of one , all of them had been against discharging soldiers in time of actual war . He should ask the rt . bon . gent . had not the officers of the artillery been consulted ? Had they not actually remonstrated ? ( Mr Windham answered , no . ) He really had understood that they had , and that they stated , that before a man had been ten years in the artillery , he was not fit to be a serjeant , and that it was between the 10th and 20th year of the service that they were the most useful . As to