when there appeared . For Mr. Yorke 's amendment 38 ; Against it 76 : Majority 38 . On a subsequent clause of the bill respecting , the numbers to be enrolled , moved , as an amendment , that these Words should be added , `` regard being had to the number of volunteers enrolled and actually serving . '' He considered that the appointment ought to be , directed now , as on former occasions , by the number of volunteers . For instance , if Lancashire had 18,000 volunteers , and Yorkshire , which was a much larger county , had but 10,000 , he thought that re- 853 gard should be had to that circumstance , in the apportionment of the number of men for which these counties should be called on.—Mr . C. Wynne did not think that the appointment ought to go by districts . The individuals who were in volunteer corps were not liable to be called upon in this force ; but he did not see why persons who were not in volunteer corps should claim any advantage merely because their neighbours were volunteers.—Lord Castlereagh thought , that in the apportionment each county and each parish should have credit for the gross number of volunteers they furnished , and that a parish that had most of its population engaged in the volunteer service , ought not to be called upon.—Mr . Windham allowed , that it would be a sufficient answer to the call , if a parish could shew that those who were liable were serving in another description Of force.—Lord Castlereagh replied , that if such was the hon . gent.s ' opinion , he was at a less to conceive what was the object of his bill . He had always understood it , that he wished to raise 200,000 men in England , exclusive of the volunteers , but now it appeared possible , that the bill would not raise a single man.—Mr . Windham replied , that he did not absolutely undertake that the bill should raise 200,000 men , for if the men who were called upon by ballot to serve should be actually serving in another way , the intention of the bill would be answered as well.—Mr . Perceval then said , that it was possible that the ballot for those 200,000 men might fall upon part of the 300,000 volunteers ; who being exempt , not a man would be raised.—Mr . Yorke thought , that between the volunteers who should be balloted , and the men who would pay their fine of 5l . the measure was not to likely to be efficient.—Mr . Windham thought that this was supposing an extreme and improbable case . It could not be supposed that the ballot would fall entirely on volunteers , and persons disposed to pay the fine . The ballot would be from the lists of those liable to serve in the militia . The Volunteers , of course , were not in that list.—Mr . Yorke replied , that the volunteers certainly were upon that list , and liable to be balloted for , although they were afterwards exempted from serving . He complained of the manner the house was treated on the present occasion . They were referred upon this bill to the schedule 854 of another bill , which was to come on after this was disposed of ( he alluded to the militia act , which directs the returns that are to be made under it ) . This was completely reversing the order of things , and putting the cart before the horse.— Mr. Giles said , he should not go into the details , but argued , that as the men were by this bill to be apportioned according to the number of men liable to serve in the militia , the volunteers could not come under this description , as they were not liable to serve . He saw no objection to this act operating according to the returns which were called for by another act ( the militia act ) . It was generally