. But this is an æra of virtue , and justice must be done , without looking to the right or left , without regard to consequences , to policy , to abuse , to inconvenience , or to any loss of revenue . Justice and power are so rarely united in the same hand , that , in me at least , it would be particularly criminal to attempt to divide them , when they happen to act together . I submit to the principle . Let the fact , that is , the application of the principle to the case , be fairly tried . This is the question , on which we are at issue . In all money transactions , whether the recovery of a debt , or the exaction of a tax , the right to refuse payment must be founded either on a special contract , or on general principles of justice . Produce the contract , if it exists , by which an exception is made , and an exemption secured or promised to the property of aliens living out of the kingdom , and I shall desire no other answer . Whether the supposed concession in their favour was reasonable or not , whether it was just or unjust to other parties , I am not at all disposed to plead any general argument against a specific parliamentary engagement . I have looked for it diligently in all the acts for raising money by loan , and creating annuities , and I can find no such contract , nor any thing like it . The act of the first of queen Anne says , that no money lent on security of this act shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this act , or any other act of parliament whatsoever . '' Another act of the 4th of queen Anne says , `` that the purchasers , their executors , administrators , and assigns , shall have good and sure estates and interests in the several annuities so by them to be purchased , and that the said annuities shall be free from all taxes , charges , and impositions whatsoever . '' Since that time , all the acts for granting annuities , expressly and uniformly say , that they shall be paid at the bank of England , without deduction . 402 It is not for me to deny that these declarations constitute or amount to a contract , virtually and in terms , on the part of parliament . But who were the other contracting parties ? Why , all the subscribers generally , or their representatives , who lent their money with this condition , and on the faith of parliament . I see no exception in favour of aliens . When foreigners purchase into our funds , they do it on the same terms , under the same conditions , and subject to all the contingencies , to which the original subscribers , and all those who inherited or purchased under them , were liable . If there be no breach of faith in taxing the annuities payable to natives , there can be none to foreigners . The laws say that such annuities , that such money lent , shall not be rated or assessed . They say nothing of the exempting annuities themselves , nothing personally about the proprietors . But , if you admit that it is a breach of faith to deduct 10 per cent . from that interest , which you promised to pay without deduction , then , I say , make no distinction . A general act of positive injustice may be defended by necessity , and , on that principle alone , may be endured with patience , as long as it is impartial . But , if you add partiality to injustice , if you employ your power to favour a few , while the many are oppressed , the consequence is that , so far forth , you abandon the plea of necessity , which is full as good against aliens as natives , and then