anomalous , and that it was not the practice , in such cases as this , for the witnesses to refer to papers , for any purpose beyond that of refreshing their memories . considered it improper that the noble lord should be interrogated as to his opinion upon any point , and thought 749 that the testimony ought to be contined to matter of fact . said , the practice of reading from papers had been invariably pursued during the impeachment of Mr. Hastings , and the noble lord was merely referring to memorandums which he held in his hand , for his individual use . could not conceive what the opinion of the noble witness , asked for in the interrogatory , could have to do with the malversation charged against the governor-general of India . He hardly knew , to what extent that house felt itself privileged to make such inquiries in a case of the nature of that before them ; but , certainly , in any other place , the rules of evidence would not permit an inquiry as to the opinion of the witness . told the hon . and learned gent . that , in the proceedings before this house , strict legal evidence was not required , as nothing could be more different than the situation of the house of commons in search of information , and that of a court of law . Would not the hon . gent . in the situation of an attorney-general , have been able , even in a court of justice , to put a question that should lead to legal evidence ? Opinions had been admitted in the examination of witnesses in the case of Mr. Hastings . He also mentioned that lord Hardwicke had ruled that , before the peers , hearsay evidence respecting a conspiracy should be received , with the proviso that only legal evidence should be taken as far as the prisoner ( lord Lovat ) was concerned . The question , he contended , was strictly in point . If his learned friend had , therefore , been acquainted with the practice of parliament , he would not have made this objection . said that he was satisfied with the answer of the learned doctor ; for it seemed he had strayed from the courts below to this place , where he found that legal knowledge was totally useless in the examination of witnesses . He thanked the learned doctor for his lecture , and said that it seemed , from his report , that this house had resolved most magnificently to depart from the rules of evidence which had been established by the wisdom of ages for the protection of our lives and liberties . He denied it was possible that hearsay evidence could be received in any British court of justice ; and , indeed , the learned doctor seemed to correct himself here ; for he here added , that legal evidence only was received as far as the prisoner was concerned . observed upon the tone in which the learned gent . had spoken , and said that though he had thanked his learned friend for his lecture , he had not profited by it . Now , he would tell that learned gent . that he had profited by his lecture , and , moreover , that he did not even thank him for it . He had said he had come from the courts below , and from what he had said , one would suppose he thought himself there still . The question was , whether the rules of the courts below applied to parliamentary proceedings ? Did the learned gent . mean to say that they did , where the cases were so very different ? If he did not mean to say this , he said nothing at all . As to the particular question , opinions might undoubtedly be received in this preliminary enquiry , provided they came from competent persons . expressed his surprise at the severity of the language which had been applied to him by the