been raised by the bill in Leicestershire , and argued from hence against its repeal . supported the motion . He was persuaded that the great man with whom it originated ( Mr. Pitt ) , would , if he were now alive , be among the most forward to call for the repeal of this measure . And he would recommend the present chancellor of the exchequer , whom he saw as a phœnix arising from the ashes of that great man , to abandon or to follow as he did , any measure which justice prescribed , without any studious regard to popularity . Let not that noble lord follow popularity , but let him act rightly , and popularity would follow him . He told the rt . hon . framer of this bill , when he first brought it in , that it would not an- 28 swer , and his opinion had been so fully verified , that he should vote for its repeal . professed his disinclination to obtrude himself for any length of time on the attention of the house , being already too sensible of the indulgence shewn him by the house . He condemned the mode adopted by the rt . hon . secretary of state , of marking out the scope and circuit of the debate , from which no member was to depart . Did ministers conceive that their statements were to go for argument and decision ? Had the question before the house been the repeal of the Income Tax , would not gentlemen have a right to examine what was to be substituted in its place ? The rt . hon . gent had stated that he had many measures to propose , yet he showed uncommon earnestness to do away this single measure of his predecessor . The chancellor of the exchequer in his financial measures had established the plans of his predecessor , and had proposed the means of continuing them . The rt . hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) hid placed the question on such narrow grounds , the experience only of a few months , that he could scarcely consider his view of the subject as originating with himself . The modes of comparison taken were unfair . He could produce from the documents , months when the army recruiting was high and the operation of the act low , and vice versa ; and others again when both were high . The noble lord had said , that the debate was only on the act for England . Did he mean to say , that it was not to be debated generally ? Did he mean that the house were to begin again ab initio , upon the acts that respected Scotland and Ireland ? Would he not think that such a mode would be idle , and even embarrassing ? But the noble lord had stated the desertions of the whole force against the single produce of England . Had he calculated the difference , he would have found it materially to affect his sentiments . Into the other statements he should not enter , ab uno disce omnes . The militia had not been extended , because it was not found that it could support itself to the full extent . But would the house part with an act which extended the advantages of the militia , and recruited , at the same time , the regular force , without the inconveniencies of a standing army ? Gentlemen might wish the repeal from various reasons . It was the only measure of his deceased rt . hon . friend that they could get rid of . Let them gratify their hatred of their predecessor as they pleased ; but let them not deprive the country of the operation of 29 a valuable and efficient measure . The necessity of a regular force was universally admitted but let them not the voluntary forces of the country , and throw a ridicule upon them . explained , that he had stated the number of men raised in England , Scotland