was a provision in the bill which enabled his majesty to return such districts in calling out , only so many as he saw occasion for ; and therefore the object of the right hon . gent . 's clause was , in a great measure , answered . was only sorry that the measure did not go far enough , by proposing to train the effective population of the country . His opinion was , that even children at school should be taught military 922 exercise , for his conviction was , that in the present state of the world , we should not , unless a greater portion of martial spirit were infused into the people , be able to maintain our rank among the other nations of Europe.—The clause was negatived . then proposed a clause , to winch he hoped there would he no objection , that every man called out under this bill should take the oath of allegiance . Such was , he observed , the clause of the former act , and such was uniformly the case with regard to the volunteers . asked whether , if a man should refuse taking this oath he should therefore be exempted from training ? professed himself really surprized to hear the supposition supported , that any of his majesty 's subjects would hesitate to take that oath , which by the common law it was the bounden duty of all to take , at as early a period of life as possible ; and he would be glad to have the performance of that duty superinduced by any act of this nature . said , that he did not suppose that any individual would hesitate to take the oath alluded to , from a principle of disaffection ; but if a man were conscientiously to decline it , what would be the consequence ? Was he , therefore , to be excused from the training , or was he to be punished ? If the latter , the measure would be compulsory indeed , with a vengeance . saw no necessity for proposing this oath ; conceiving that every one of his majesty 's subjects was equally bound to the duties which the oath prescribed , whether he took it or not ; and he rather apprehended that the proposition of it might excite alarm among the more ignorant part of the community , and so defeat the object of the bill . never heard of any alarm that was excited by the proposition of tins oath to the volunteers , and why then apprehend it in this case ? was at a loss to conceive the object of this clause . Compulsion was deprecated by those who proposed it , and yet they now enforced this oath . If , however , a man refused to take it , it did not appear from the bill what consequence was to follow . observed , that a man was bound by the common law to take the oath of allegiance , and in this case if a man refused such oath , he would of course be subject to the penalties which attached to a man refusing to be trained . corroborated this observation , and begged the house and the right hon . secretary to recollect the salutary consequences which resulted from the administration of oaths during those unhappy scenes which were gone by , he hoped , never to return . But a statesman , framing a permanent measure like the present , should provide against even the possible recurrence of such an evil ; and , remembering that men who took the oath of allegiance were always the most difficult to draw into the societies of disaffection , he would take care to extend that additional guard to loyalty.—The house divided upon the clause , Ayes , 38 ; Noes , 84 . Majority against the clause 46 . The bill was then passed . On the motion of lord H. Petty , the house then resolved itself into a committee of Supply . His majesty 's message was then read ,