sense which he entertained of the magnitude and pressing nature of the evil , no unnecessary delay had taken place bringing forward this plan , but that every moment had been employed in the investigation of the subject , and providing means for obviating every possible objection . He was glad , however , that he was enabled , notwithstanding the difficulties that stood in the way , to move for this bill before the conclusion of the present session of parliament . Without going over the grounds over which he had formerly travelled , or entering upon statements which had then appeared to convince the house of the necessity of doing something for the purpose of having this mass of accounts audited , he would content himself with laying before the house the basis of the plan which he had in view , and mentioning the amount of the accounts which remained unaudited , with respect to which he had now more full and correct information than he had when he had before occasion to address the house on this point . When this was considered it would be a proof , not , certainly , of the efficacy of the measure which he was about to propose , but undoubtedly of the necessity of doing something . He would afterwards shew that this method was the only one which was likely to be attended with the desired success . The amount of accounts unaudited was greater than he had before stated . The amount of account delivered in was above 52 mil- 792 lions ; the amount of accounts under examination was 169 millions ; the amount of army accounts not delivered in was 209 millions ; of navy accounts not delivered in 100,820,000l . Which added to 3 millions of unaudited accounts in another department , made a total of about 534 millions of money . That enormous amount of unaudited accounts , it was the object of the present administration , as far as in them lay , to endeavour to audit . He had before mentioned that a great step had before been taken for that purpose , to which an addition had been made last year , which was infinitely better calculated to answer the purpose in view , and which would form a considerable part of the institution that he was now about to submit to the house . He would now state the plan more distinctly . But first he ought to observe , that the two comptrollers of army accounts were to be separated from it entirely , a measure , the expediency of which had been already recognized . After this separation it was intended to consolidate the two existing boards , and to add four commissioners : one of these would be a chairman , with an increase or salary . It was attended that the application of these boards to any particular business relating to the accounts , as occasion might require , should be left in the hands of the treasury , which must be best able to judge how the business ought to be apportioned . At present , however , it was proposed that out of the ten commissioners 4 should be entrusted with the auditing of the current accounts , and these would form the first board . The second board would consist of 3 commissioners , and these would have the charge of those account which were now under examination . The third hoard would also consist of 3 commissioners , whose business it would be to bring up those accounts which were entirely in arrear , and not entered on at all . This was what at present appeared to be the most useful arrangement . At the same time it would he expedient to leave the power with the treasury to alter it as they should see occasion , because the treasury would have the best opportunity of observing how the different boards wrought , and what might be the most effectual mode of carrying speedily forward the great work which must be managed in some manner or other . Whatever