see the necessity of it until earl Camden came forward to ask for his indemnity for having pursued a nearly similar line of conduct . again insisted that the present Measure would be a gross infraction of the navigation laws.—The question was very generally called for and the house divided : For the third reading , 85 ; Against it , 30 ; Majority , 55.—Previous to the passing of the bill , Mr. Prinsep brought up his promised clauses , which , after some alteration , were adopted , and added , by way of ri- 1010 der to the bill ; after which the bill was passed , and was ordered to the lords.—Adjourned at half past two on Wednesday morning . The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages . Amongst these , the Irish Imports and Exports bill , the Irish Spirits Warehousing bill , the Norwich Castle Ground bill , and Irish Poor bill , were severally read a third time , and passed , and messages ordered to acquaint the commons therewith.—On the motion of the earl of Lauderdale , certain extracts , relative to the course of proceeding in the court of session in Scotland ; and an account of the expenses attending the same , from a given period of the year 1800 , to the like period in 1804 , were ordered to be laid before the house ; also certain accounts from the commissioners of teens or tithes , respecting the augmentations made therein , & c. within the like period.—The West-India Intercourse bill , the Greenwich Pensioners ' , the Westminster Hall Avenues , and the Scots ' Distillery bills , were brought up from the commons , and read a first time.—The Greenwich Hospital bill was , on the motion of lord Flood , ordered to be read a second time on Friday ; and the West-India Intercourse bill , on the motion of lord Auckland , a second time on Monday next . On the motion of sir A. Wellesley , the deputy clerk of the crown was ordered to attend the house forthwith . He brought in the return for the borough of Carlow , which was read ; and by which it appeared , that lieutenant-colonel Arthur Symes had been returned for the borough of Carlow . The precedent of the borough of Newtown , in the county of Southampton , in which Ewan Law , esq . was , by mistake , returned for Evan Law , esq . having been . read ; the returning officer for Carlow ( Mr. Turpin ) was called in , who , on being questioned by the Speaker , declared , that , by mistake , the word Arthur had been inserted in the return instead of Michael . On the motion of sir A. Wellesley , the name of Arthur was ordered to be erased , and the name of Michael substituted— On the motion of of Mr. C. Wynne , a new writ was ordered to be issued for the borough of 1011 Buckingham , in the room Of the right hon . T Grenville , who , since his election , had accepted the office of president of the board of controul , being one of the commissioners for the affairs of India , with a salary annexed.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the Ordnance Lands bill was read , a third time and passed . Colonel Wood , alluding to the above bill , complained that it had been carried through the house in so hurried and irregular a manner , that he was by no means aware it had arrived at its last stage . It involve in it considerations , which required the utmost deliberation , and the best advice . Mr. Vansittart supposed , that the hon . gent . meant to direct his observations against bill that was in its progress through the house ; this , however , Colonel Wood denied . The Speaker interposed , observing , that after a bill had passed , such a conversation Was totally irregular ; he added