us a large army than any other ; and such an army all men must agree was necessary , if we were determined to preserve our greatness and pre-eminence as a nation . was adverse to the measure , and in favour of the amendment . said , that the experiment of limited service had not succeeded in France formerly . In the seven years war , when France , with a population of 24 millions , had only 140,000 French troops on foot , it was found impracticable to recruit them . And in the beginning of the American war the system was abandoned , and the republic had been too wise to adopt it . Besides , desertion had been very great in the French armies . amidst repeated cries of question ! question ! rose , and replied at some length , in answer to Mr. Fox , in the course of which he defended the proceedings of a former night , as perfectly parliamentary . —The question was then loudly called for , and the house divided , when there appeared , For the amendment , 103 ; against it 195 . Majority 92.—The bill was then passed.—Adjourned at 4 o'clock on Saturday morning . Mr. Alexander and several other members of the house of commons 560 brought up the Mutiny bill , which was read a first time , and ordered to be printed , on the motion of Earl Spencer , who gave notice , that if the prints were on the table on Monday , he should move the second reading on Tuesday.—The Property Tax bill , the Irish Sugar bill , and the Irish Additional Force Repeal bill were read a third , time and passed , and a message ordered to be sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith . The royal assent was given by commission to the Irish Debenture bill , the Irish Revenue Collection bill , the Irish Malt bill , the Irish Spirits bill , the Irish Butter bill , the Franking bill , the Irish First Fruits bill , and several private bills . The commissioners were the lord Chancellor , earl Spencer , and lord Walsingham.—The Irish Stamp Duties bill passed through a committee and was reported.—Earl Spencer adverted to the notice he had given on Saturday of his intention to move for the 2nd reading of the Mutiny bill the next day ; but understanding , that business of importance already stood for that day , he should move that the bill be read a second time on Wednesday . Lord Hawkesbury did not rise to object to the motion , but merely to give notice , that previous to the 2nd reading of the bill on Wednesday , he should move that there be laid before the house the opinions given by certain military officers , relative to enlistment for a term of years . The bill was ordered to be read a 2nd time on Wednesday , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned.—Strangers were excluded ; and the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord Melville was resumed . The discussion continued till half past eleven o'clock , when the further consideration of the subject was postponed till the next day . The learned judges attended . A message from the Lords announced their lordships ' assent to the Property Duty bill , the Irish Import and Export Regulation bill , and the Irish Additional Force Act Repeal bill . On the motion of sir J. Newport the Irish and English Corn Interchange bill was read a first time . presented to the house the following : `` Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors committed by Richard Colley , marquis Wellesley , in his transactions with respect to the Nabob of Furruckabad . `` That Richard Colley marquis Wellesley was constituted , appointed , and actually became a servant of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies , in the month of October , in the year of one Lord 1797 , and in the reign of