service , which would he attended with almost incalculable expence , and abundant trouble ; besides , it would have this certain and very important disadvantage attached to it , that the army would continually be in a state of suffering , by being obliged to part with the very best men of which it was composed , of those also who had been longest in the service , who Were the best disciplined and most inured to the climates , which men must be replaced by raw recruits , men who had seen no service , and who , from not being inured to the climate , were likely to suffer infinitely more from the ravages of that , than from the sword of the enemy ; and then we should have to provide annually for a very extraordinary number of casualties , to the amount of several thousands a year , which would render it very difficult to keep the army at its full and complete establishment . He could not but feel , with his noble friend , the vast weight of this enormous expence , at a time when the country was so ill able to bear it , and when every expence that could possibly be avoided , ought to be so . It had been said , that if the plan did not succeed , it was easy to recede from it , but he thought very differently on that head . They would find , on the contrary , a very great difficulty in any attempt to recede from it . declared , that he had not been able , till lately , to turn his attention to the consideration of this question ; but upon considering it , he was convinced that it had been truly said , that it should not be considered merely as a military question , but as an appeal to the great principles of human nature , which gentlemen , who had not the advantage of a military education , might be competent to decide . In the consideration that he had thought it his duty to give to the subject , he had perused several of the military treatises which had lately been written , one by an hon . member of that house ( General Stuart ) , and another professing to be a discussion of the present state of the English army , and both . these treatises met with his decided approbation . This was a circumstance which he only mentioned , that the house might not suppose he rose to speak upon a military question , without having previously taken any pains to inform his judgment . It was allowed on all hands , that the great question at Present , was to increase the regular army . 532 Gentlemen might differ as to the degree of necessity for the increase , but to him it appeared that a considerable increase of our regular army was necessary , to enable us to resist the enemy . If this country once possessed a large regular army , its naval power would give it great advantages in the use of it . If the enquiry , then , were simply to find out the most effectual means of increasing , the regular army , the argument of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) appeared perfectly fair , when he supposed that the same measures should be taken to induce men to enter into the army , as would be taken to induce persons to enter into any other occupation where hands were wanting . The greatest inducement that could be held out was hope . Hope was the great stimulus to every exertion ; and mankind were so constituted , that their happiness was more in the pursuit of a distant advantage , than in the actual enjoyment of it when it should be obtained . It was upon this great principle of human nature , that the nations which had most excelled in military renown , had wisely formed institutions which facilitated the advancement of men from the lowest ranks