between the services sufficiently marked . The regular officers had half-pay , when the militia had not ; and the militia officers were required to have qualifications , which the regulars had not . The militia officers might , perhaps , have some reason to complain , if any regulation , extending benefits to every other branch of the service , were to be withheld from them . That was not , however , the case in the present instance . A distinction was also made between the infantry and the cavalry , and the distinction was founded on the same reason , merely that the latter description of officers did not stand so much in need of the addition , and that if an addition was to be made to the pay of those who were not in need of it , there must be a diminution to the allowances , which the liberality of the house was called upon to give to those officers who were in need of the addition . This was the principal reason for making exceptions , and the exceptions did not extend merely to militia field-officers , but to those of the cavalry and the guards , who certainly could not consider this distinction meant as a slight to them . As to the alleged breach of faith , it was the strangest thing he had ever heard asserted , that the legislature was so bound by any one of its own acts , that it would be a breach of faith even to alter it . Would any person consider it a breach of faith to make an alteration in the mutiny law , even to make it more severe , if necesary ? Would any body suppose , that it would be a breach of faith to the army to alter the discipline of one part of it , and not of another ? As the militia was always to subsist in some shape or another , therefore , on those grounds it might be argued to the end of time , that it would be a breach of faith for the legislature to make any objections . It would be a breach of faith to do it in time of peace as well as in time of war ; and yet the hon . and learned member ( Mr. Perceval ) was himself the person to propose its being done in time of peace , and not in time of war . If , then , he considered that it was a great breach of faith in time of war , and only a little one in time of peace , the story of the lady and her `` little natural child '' was only applicable 1187 to the argument of the hon . and learned gent . and he might have done better to have kept it to himself . The exceptions were not so much made upon the ground of economy , as on the ground of justice . It was but justice to the regular officers to give what was absolutely necessary for them . If this increase was not considered so necessary to the militia , they should rather consider it as an honourable distinction , than any sort of ill treatment . observed , that the principal argument on the other side of the house , that the militia officers were injured by the arrangement prescribed in this bill , was a total mistatement , and a complete inversion of the fact : for how could the militia officers , who suffered no diminution of pay , be injured by a small increase of pay to the officers of the line ? They , in fact , would sustain no injury whatever , and he was confident , would feel none , notwithstanding the arguments of gentlemen , who assumed to advocate their cause ; but whose arguments reminded him of a petition of the celebrated lord Chesterfield to his majesty for a pension , professing , `` that it was purely for the honour of it , and not for any pecuniary consideration .