; but they are not prepared to know that every time they give their opinions , or deliver a charge to a Grand Jury , which may happen to be disapproved , they are subject to be brought before this house to defend themselves by counsel , and to be obliged to produce evidence to satisfy your lordships that their opinions were right . Even 761 if they ultimately succeed they will be certain of undergoing an ordeal of at least three , and perhaps of seven or fourteen years . I can not conceive a principle more injurous to the administration of justice , or more dangerous to the independence of the judges . You leave it to the pleasure of every person to complain of a judge whenever he may think proper . Your lordships , as a branch of the legislature , have said , that there shall be no reduction from the salaries of the judges ; that they shall not even pay towards the exigencies of the government ; yet though you determine that neither the crown or parliament shall curtail them , you allow the worst individual of the country , whose conduct may have subjected him to the animadversion of a judge , to do what will produce the same effect . By suffering him to bring his complaint to the bar of this house , it is in his power to amerce a judge to the amount of his whole salary , and to deprive him of the recompence of his labours for the public . This is not a case in which you will have to pronounce upon your honour , but you are to exercise an extraordinary power , stated to be given you by an act of parliament . With respect to the act of parliament , it has been said , that unless you admit the power of the house of lords , there is no clause in the act by which you can give effect to the clauses for the removal of the judges . In my opinion there is a way by which the clause may be satisfied , without drawing from it by a side wind a conclusion in favour of the authority exercised by your lordships . There are many other cases , with regard to which matters may arise for the exercise of the discretion of the house , without the necessity of your lordships deciding originally . A judge may be in a situation of notorious incapacity from age , and yet it may happen , that through the peevishness natural to age , or ill humour , or some other cause , he may wish to adhere to his situation , after he has been , in the opinion of all mankind , rendered unfit for its duties . That this would be a painful necessity for the interference of parliament , no one could doubt , but it would be a case in which some mode would be devised to recompence the person removed—there would be every wish on the part of this house to afford consolation to a person arrived at such an age . Another case may be supposed . It would be , where a judge had been convicted elsewhere—liable to the same equal laws which he administered to 762 others , but of which a proceeding of this kind would deprive him— having the benefit of an inquest of a grand jury , and afterwards upon being tried by a court competent to decide , convicted of the matter charged against him ; it might be a proper exercise of your lordships functions to say , that although such conviction was not for a misdemeanor that induced the forfeiture of office , yet it rendered him unfit to be continued in the exercise of the judicial functions . Having had the benefit of a trial by jury , he would , after conviction , be a fit object for the discretionary exercise of the power of this house to advise his majesty to remove him from a situation which he could no longer fill with propriety