have distinctly and accurately stated the object I had in view , to consist in combining all the weight of scientific knowledge that could possibly be obtained . This end , I think , may be fully accomplished by the inquiry being instituted by that learned and scientific body , recognized by the government of this country , under the name of the Royal College of Physicians , and by an ulterior reference of their sentiments to this house through the medium of our committee . I can not however , agree with an hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Bankes ) who has given it as his opinion , that this enquiry 897 will not be one that involves a question of science but merely a matter of fact . Could that hon . gent . really suppose it possible that any committee of this house can investigate the question in such a manner as to ascertain what is a criterion with respect to the age of the matter to be infused , and how to distinguish the spurious from the genuine pustule ! I do firmly believe . sir , that one of the great causes from which its failure has arisen has been the adoption of late matter , and introducing it into the human system instead of that particular description of matter recommended by the learned discoverer himself . I must differ somewhat , too , from another hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Wiberforce ) , when he suggests the mode of leaving the whole inquiry to a committee of the house ; must it not occur to every one , that the best method to ascertain with precision its evil or its beneficial consequences , will be to institute the inquiry by means of medical men , as none but such men can rightly judge of these matters . Could a committee of this house , unassisted by professional gentlemen , be capable of properly ascertaining the degree of credit which ought to be attached to the various reports which have been most industriously circulated abroad , in the various publications which have lately appeared ? Or is it to be imagined , that a committee of this house can determine the reality of the assertion in some of these pamphlets , that the vaccine matter is apt to produce the worst affections in the human frame ? No , it is not in the power of any set of individuals , however learned and experienced they may be in other matters , to resolve with accuracy such medical questions without the assistance of professional men . I can not , therefore , entertain a doubt that there are parts of this investigation which may be exceedingly proper for a committee , and other parts wily for a medical body . Now , sir , with respect to annexing the College of Surgeons to this inquiry : I hope the house will do me the justice to think that I have before considered that point . It was suggested to me previously to my coming down to the house , but it occurred to me , that the inquiry ought rather to proceed from one centre . I have no doubt , sir , but that the Royal College of Physicians in 898 London , being called on by the unanimous vote of this house , will be looked up to by the public with that liberality and those favourable sentiments which are due to them , and that the College of Physicians both in Scotland and in Ireland , will correspond with it , and also the College of Surgeons will communicate to that learned body every information in their power . Thus will the opinions or all the learned and scientific men in the three united kingdoms be combined , and together with the learning and discernment of the committee , be comprised in the Report to be submitted to this house . We shall then , availing ourselves of such an accumulated weight of information and evidence , lay the whole matter before the public , in order to