acknowledged on the other side , that the crown might execute the measures which ministers had in view . In such a case it had never been the practice of parliament to proceed without a communication with the crown . When additional pay was granted to the navy in 1796 , there was an act of parliament , indeed , on that occasion , but then there was a previous order of council , and , therefore , this could not by any means be stated as a precedent . This was depriving the crown in some measure of the power of the sword , which belonged by the constitution solely to the executive authority , under the controul of parliament . In no instance was it ever proposed to trench upon this power , except in the tory administration under queen Anne . He contended that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Caning ) had been much misunderstood by the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) the other night , in stating the difference between a parliamentary army , and an army peculiarly belonging to the crown . In such kinds of force as the militia and the additional force , raised for . home defence , the parliament there might make terms and regulations , but such a thing was never attempted , except in the above-mentioned instance , with regard to the regular army . Now , he wished to consider in what situation the crown stood at present , and in what situation it would stand , should the present plan be adopted . The crown at present might levy men in any mode , and under whatever regulations . it thought proper , within the numbers and the expence limited by parliament . If this measure passed , it would be impossible for a it to raise men except for the term of 7 years , as directed by the schedule A. in this bill . It therefore limited a the power of the crown prodigiously in raising men . Where was the necessity for this ? It was said that the soldier would have the security of parliament for the performance of engagements . It was improper a and invidious in this case to make a dis- 485 tinction between parliamentary security . and the security afforded by the crown ; but unfortunately for this statement , the purpose might have been completely answered by directing an alteration in the articles of war , which were considered as law , and under which , after such alteration , the soldier might move his habeas corpus , and be regularly discharged at the proper time . He thought this then a most unadvised attack on the prerogative of the crown . But the means used were also highly objectionable . By looking at the journals of the house , it would be found , something similar to this was attempted in 1749 , by Mr. Thomas Pitt , who , at a time when a great jealousy prevailed respecting the power of the crown , brought in a bill to provide that no officer should be retained in the service beyond a certain period . This was rejected by a great majority . But Mr. Thomas Pitt rested the matter on its own merits , whereas ministers now skulked behind the mutiny bill . By this means the house was deprived of the proper forms ; and the house of lords was prevented from saying `` No '' to the measure , by its being tacked to a money bill , so that the lords could make no amendment without risking the loss of the bill altogether . But what was the situation of the crown when it came to exercise its negative power on this bill ? It would not have the power to object to it , otherwise , by the loss of the bill , it would be left without an army , or at least without the means of controlling it . It was impossible , then , that the measure could be considered as having