For himself , he would take no part in it at all ; as he did not think the parliament should be a party to any such agreements . He would oppose it in toto ; and would not consent , that the house of commons should give its sanction to claims of which a highly respectable gent. , late chairman of the Court of Directors ( Mr. Grant ) , had declared , in his seat , three-fourths to be false demands ; and , that it would be extra- ordinary , if even the other fourth should be established . said , the clause alluded to did not proceed from any distrust of the commissioners ; but was thought to be one which must be desirable even to themselves . Though the parties were the creditors , and the East-India Co. the debtors ; yet it was a public measure ; for , if it was of a private nature , why come to parliament at all ? He thought , also , that the different debts might be classed , and the grounds of the decision laid before the house , without repeating the whole of the evidence . thought , that if the commissioners were , as he believed them to be , fit and competent persons to enquire , the decision must he safer in their hands , than in those of that assembly . He disapproved of the whole of the clause , as the house could not possibly examine , itself , and decide up , on all of the cases ; and should not , there fore , give its sanction to the validity of any of the debts . said , that every word he had heard , convinced him that this was an unfit commission . It was , in reality , the public money by which the debts were to be liquidated ; for how was the public to be paid by the East-India Co. , if their revenues were swallowed up by the payment of these debts ? Who were the fit persons for deciding on these debts ? Were they not commissioners so constituted , as that their decision should be final ? Was it not monstrous , that commissioners should be 1097 appointed , whose decisions should be subject to appeal ? This house was the must unlit place for reviewing them ; and why not , at once , appoint parliamentary commissioners , whose decisions should be final ? `` What was known already , with regard to India . debts , in 1784 , justified him in making a supposition , that some collusion Might take place between the creditors and the company ; by which the public might be defrauded . was , also , for leaving the whole in the hands of the commissioners . The house should not give any additional validity to the claims , nor make itself a court of appeal . If it did , the consequence would be , to have the table of the house covered with a mass of useless papers . again observed , that if the house directed the commissioners to report the grounds on which they decided , it must be either fur the purpose of revising them , or to gratify an idle curiosity . said , there could be no uncertainty in the business of the commissioners ; who were all men of high character and honour , and were bound to decide upon oath . This agreement was not of a novel nature , as it was conformable to the practice observed in the whole of the East-India government.—After a few more observations , Mr. Ryder consented to withdraw his amendment . moved , as an amendment , that none of the commissioners , hereafter to be appointed for investigating these claims , should be members of that house ; but , that tins exemption should not extend to those who had been already appointed ; which , after some observations , was withdrawn , and the bill read a third time and passed . rose , pursuant to