the 1st Oct. 1801 , there were only 15 sail of the line , and 7 frigates in a state of ordinary , exclusive of such ships as were unfit to be repaired for sea-service ; and that between the 1st Oct. 1801 , and 8th March 1803 , there were 114 sail of the line , and 122 188 frigates paid off ; and that out of the number of ships so paid , off , and in a state of ordinary on 1st Oct. 1801 , 121 sail of the line ; and 120 frigates , stood in need of repair ; the greater part , of repair of large denomination . — 18 . That in a period of 2 years and 8 months from Oct. 1801 , to May 1804 , there were repaired from the whole navy but 26 ships of the line , and 34 frigates , by far the greater part of which , had only repairs of small denomination.— 19 . That the average annual supply and expenditure of English oak timber in his majesty 's several dock-yards , for 8 years prior to 1802 , was upwards of 34,000 loads ; during which period ¾ of the new ships added to the royal navy , were built in the merchants ' yards . — 20 . That in the years 1802 and 1803 , the average supply and expenditure of English oak timber , in his majesty 's several dock-yards , was under 20,000 loads per annum ; and that during this period , contracts were entered into for building 2 sail of the line only , in the merchants ' yards.—21 . That prior to the year 1801 , supplies of English oak timber , were easily and regularly obtained.—22 . That early in the administration of earl St. Vincent , great difficulties were experienced in procuring supplies of oak timber , in consequence of the injudicious regulations adopted by the board of admiralty , and that such difficulties continued to increase till the beginning of 1804 , .when the supply almost wholly failed . — 23 . That during the time earl St. Vincent presided at the admiralty , the royal navy was not maintained in a complete and efficient state.—24 . That the said earl of St. Vincent was guilty of great negligence , misconduct , and dereliction of his duty , in the office of first lord of the admiralty . `` —I beg leave to move , sir , `` that these Resolutions be referred to the consideration of a committee of the whole house . '' rose to second the motion , but without pledging himself to support the object of the hon . member . He merely wished that the question should be put , in order to give the house an option of going into , or declining the discussion . But he was convinced , if the house should think proper to grant the committee , that the conduct of the noble earl would stand fully vindicated , to the conviction of every member of that house . thought it his duty to call the attention of the house to a subject involving the maintenance of its own order 189 of proceeding . The hon . gent. , in bringing forward the series of resolutions he had just now read , had thought proper to read nearly the whole of his very long speech . The house had not judged it necessary to interrupt the honourable gentleman , and , therefore , he had not interfered , lest in him it might seem ungracious . He begged , however , to inform the honourable gentleman , that such an indulgence was wholly inconsistent with the order and usage of parliamentary proceeding ; and he therefore hoped the circumstance of its having been suffered to pass now , would not be pleaded as a precedent to justify a similar occurrence hereafter . said that it was not his purpose , at that moment , to go at length into any thing like a detailed discussion ; but as the hon . gent .