bill . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before the House a copy of the minute of the Commissioners and Governor of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich , of the 5th instant , relative to the mode of ameliorating the condition of the Out-Pensioners , and making provision for the inferior wounded and disabled Officers of his majesty 's navy . '' On the question being put , said , he entirely agreed in the object of the noble lord , and in the course which he proposed to pursue for the attainment of that object . He was happy to have at length a recognition on the part of one of his majesty 's ministers , that any boon to the military ought to originate in a message from his majesty , because that was the proposition that had been so often lately , and so distinctly urged from his side of the house . The noble lord 's conduct on a former occasion , had been even frequently adverted to in the course of these discussions , and he was happy to find that noble lord , for whose character and person he entertained so high a respect , not influenced by the example of his colleagues , but persevering in the constitutional practice . could not but be gratified by an expression of approbation of his conduct from any member of that house , but particularly from the rt . hon . gent . who had just sat down . But when this approbation 676 was given by contrasting his conduct with that of his colleagues in office , he could not persuade himself , that it was not bestowed rather with a view of condemning others than of complimenting him . The present instance could be no precedent , as the right hon . gent . would have known , if he had waited for the information which he proposed to have laid before the house . The assistance intended to be given , was to be derived from a certain proportion of prize money which was to be transferred to the Hospital . Prizes were exclusively the property of the crown , and there was no instance of a grant out of such property , without the authority of a message from his majesty . The noble lord again disclaimed any compliment at the expence of his colleagues.—The paper was then ordered ; as were also , an Account of the revenue and expenditure of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich , on the 31st of December 1805 , distinguishing the several branches ; A copy of the minute of the Supervisor of the Chest of Greenwich , relative to the mode of ameliorating the condition of the In-pensioners of that Hospital ; and An account of the revenue and expenditure of the Chest at Greenwich , on the 31st December 1805 , distinguishing the several branches . brought up the report of the West-India auditors bill . said , that there was no provision here that any of the commissioners should go to the West Indies . He had therefore an amendment to propose , which was , that three of the commissioners at least should positively go to the West Indies . informed him , that his amendment ought to be brought forward as one to the body of the bill . He was at present to put the question that the blank should be filled up with the word `` two , '' purporting , that two commissioners should go to the West Indies . If this should be carried in the affirmative , the right hon . gent . 's amendment must be proposed in a subsequent stage.—Mr . Huskisson , Mr. Perceval , Mr. Long , and Mr. Sturges Bourne , contended that it was absurd to send only two commissioners to the West Indies , where the burthen of the business lay , and where there was the greatest risk of mortality , while three remained here doing almost nothing . also contended that most of 677 the evidence might be better taken in