time with the situation of the dock-yards , in respect of timber ; and we know that no means whatever were taken to increase the supplies from this country ; and that with regard to foreign timber , the effort which the navy board made , to procure supplies from abroad , was frustrated by the injudicious interference of the board of admiralty . They add , in another part of their letter , `` their lordships will also permit us to say , that had we been allowed to proceed without interference , in procuring the aids which we proposed from the Continent in 1802 , we have no doubt that the stock of useful timber in the dockyards would have been much greater than it is at present . `` —With regard to the measure of sending the surveyor of the navy into the country to purchase timber , I think but little need be said . 184 We find that it was very strongly remonstrated against by the navy board , who clearly point out the mischief which must ensue , and the impracticability of obtaining timber by such a puerile mode of proceeding.—In addition to the observations of the navy board , I have only one remark to make . The immense supply of timber , which is required for the navy , must be obtained from every part of the kingdom . Timber can only be felled at a particular season , which was at hand , when the orders were given ; and before that time expired , it was utterly impossible for any individual to travel over the kingdom ; much more to make extensive arrangements , for transacting a business of which he was wholly ignorant . These remonstrances however had no weight : it was too much to expect that the admiralty would acknowledge an error . Their order was enforced for the surveyor to proceed , and the effects pointed out by the navy board immediately followed , as will be seen by the correspondence which afterwards took place . The price of timber was greatly advanced wherever he appeared , and little or none could be purchased.—This , sir , was the situation of the country at the moment when earl St. Vincent quitted the admiralty ; and I have no hesitation in saying , that by the sole event of his then leaving it , the British navy was saved . It is impossible for me to quit the subject of timber , without pointing out to the house , that it affords the most concise and unanswerable proof of the shameful neglect in the administration of earl St. Vincent to build and repair ships . Vol . IV . p. 28. contains two accounts , one of the stock of timber on 31st Dec. in each year since 1793 ; the other of the receipt in each year . Now , by a comparison of these two accounts an important fact results ; namely , the consumption in each year ; and it will be found that the annual average consumption , during the 7 years preceding earl St. Vincent 's coming into the admiralty , was full 34,000 loads ; whereas in 1802 , it was decreased to 23,166 , and in 1803 , to 17,977.—I need only add , that the consumption of timber must determine the quantity of work executed . Ships can not be built or repaired without timber.— And now , sir , I trust I have fully proved , from the documents on the table , the charges which I at first made against the earl of St. Vincent . And though , as I proceeded , 185 I have done little more than state facts , and made but few comments , I can not conclude without offering some short observations . I will venture to assert , that the naval history of Great Britain does not furnish another instance of equal or like criminal misconduct and culpable neglect in any first lord of the admiralty , at any period , or in any situation . And I am fully