foreseen 5 o'clock would arrive before the discussion could be over . expressed his surprise , that the advocates of this bill should propose and press a measure at the same moment , or within a few moments of the time , when they were obliged to propose that progress should be reported , and the chairman have leave to sit again . said , that the would not appeal to the hon . gent . but tot the committee at large , whether the understanding was not last night , that the examination of witnesses in lord Wellesley 's case , should precede every other discussion ? His motion , therefore , was not liable to the invidious remarks made on the other side.—The house then divided on the chairman 's reporting progress , when the numbers were , for it , 39 : against 776 it , 27 ; Majority 12.—The chairman then obtained leave to sit again on Monday . moved the order of the day , for the house resolving itself into a committee , to take into consideration the Oude charge . asked what time the hon . gent . thought the further examination of evidence would occupy ? replied , that he expected to close his examination of sir Alured Clarke , major Ouseley , and Mr. Johnstone that night : but he proposed postponing the further evidence till Monday , on account of the absence of some important documents which were not yet before the house.—The house then resolved itself into a committee , lord A. Hamilton in the chair . expressed a wish , that Mr. Johnstone , as being a member of the house , should be first examined . felt himself placed in rather an aukward situation by being called on as a witness . He had wished to deliver his opinion on the charge as a member of the house , and probably his being called on to give evidence might preclude him from delivering his sentiments . conceived it absolutely necessary to establish his charge , that the hon . gent . should be examined . was then examined in his place , for four hours , the tendency of the examination was to shew the state of the revenue and military force of Oude , the moral habits of the nabob Asoph UI Doulah , and the general instructions given to the British residents at the court of Lucknow . was then called to the bar , and examined for a considerable time . On a question being put to him by Mr. Paull , whether he would consider the payment of 500,000l . by the Nabob to the East India Company , above the 70 crore of rupees stipulated in the treaty of 1798 , an infraction of that treaty , Sir Alured was ordered to withdraw , and a long discussion ensued.—The question was strenuously opposed by Mr. Wallace , Mr. S. Bourne , Mr. Huskisson , sir A. Wellesley , and other members , upon the ground that as the treaty itself was on the table , the committee could form its own decision upon the subject , and ought not to receive evidence of opinion from any witness . Mr. Paull contended that he was grounded in this question upon the undisputed admission of the house the preceding night . This produced a debate of considerable length , when the 777 committee divided ; for the question 16 ; Against it 46 ; —Majority 30. stated that the next question he had to put , was also a question as to opinion , namely , whether it the Bengal army had been marched to the frontier of Oude , with a view to repel the enemy , then marching to attack that territory , the witness thought it would be fair or just , and not contrary to treaty , that the nabob vizier ? but as the committee had decided that night contrary to its own practice the further proceeding , in order to re-consider and new-shape the questions he had still to ask , and to give an opportunity for the