service there , however , was so obvious , that he could not think it was any thing like a serious objection to the proposed plan to say , that it would occasion any considerable degree of inconvenience with respect to these regiments . Some of the other points in the speech of the hon . gent . had been answered on a former night , or else had been anticipated in the speech of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) that night . He should , therefore , avoid taking up the time of the house by any repetition of the answers to those points . But this much he would say , that , for the honour , the glory , and the safety of the empire , some great permanent change in our military system was necessary . The : ordinary means of recruiting were inadequate to furnish the necessary supply . Comparing the army as it stood in July 1804 , with its amount in March 1806 , there was an absolute decrease in the infantry , and of that a very large proportion was not applicable to foreign service . If at this time last year , government had had a disposeable force of 100,000 men , would Buonaparte have dared to quit the coast . and march across the Rhine ? With such a force , what was there to prevent us from landing at Boulogne , burning the flotilla , and becoming masters of that particular part of the country ? It was to make up for this lamentable defect , that the present government was endeavouring to create a disposable army . The principle of limited service was not that innovation that was supposed . In the two administrations , in which the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was concerned , it was distinctly recognized , first in the Army of Reserve act , and next in the Additional Force bill . The unlimited service was one of the chief objections to entering into the army , and the frequency , the severity , and , above all , the publicity of corporal punishment was another . So far from apprehending any relaxation of discipline from a less frequent use of corporal punishment , it was his opinion that the moral character of every regiment would be much improved by it . There was also another objection to entering into the army , which would be in a considerable degree removed by the plan detailed by 448 his right hon . friend . The service , as it was constituted at present , was the most arduous , and at the same time , the worst paid . The proposed pension would obviate much of this objection , for there were but few situations in which a poor man could hope to sit down with a certain income for life after 21 years ' service . What a miserable system was that of the noble lord and his colleagues , by which the military strength of the country was tied hand and foot , and we suffered the enemy to do every thing in our presence without punishing him ; but that , however , was nothing to the purpose . There was a great difference produced in the soldier 's character , by enlisting for 7 years , or for the continuance of the war . In the latter case , he would naturally be anxious for peace , the very worst quality a soldier could possess . But that even this mode of enlistment would not produce the mischiefs the opponents of the principle of limited service seemed to apprehend , he had only to refer to the American war , in the progress of which no less than 78,000 men had enlisted only for the time it should continue , and the moral qualities of the severity regiments into which they had enlisted , were fully equal to those of any of the regiments of which the present army was composed . Every one who heard him was acquainted with the brilliant details of that glorious