to those points which were really connected with the subject , he contended that the shipping interest would by no means be injured in the way in which it seemed to be apprehended that it might . In time of war it was politic to suspend the navigation act to a certain degree . Such for instance was the permission to British merchant ships to be manned in a great proportion , by foreign seamen . The bill was merely for a limited time to give a power to the privy council , which in his opinion they ought , to possess . He would advise the West India planters , not altogether to rely on the promises of those who professed that they should always be enabled to supply them . If they did , he feared famine would frequently be the consequence . objected to the principle of the bill , and that power should be rested in any one to suspend the Navigation Laws . He insisted that our own North American colonies , Canada , Halifax , New Brunswick , & c. were adequate to supply the West India islands , without depending on any speculations whatever . He should therefore vote in favour of his hon . colleague 's amendment . considered the present bill as affording but a slender proof of that extensive understanding , and those distinguished talents which ministers had been supposed to engross . He would ask gentlemen , and young gentlemen in particular , if this was a time to prostrate themselves to America , when that country had done every thing but spit in their faces . There appeared in ministers , a superabundance of ingenuity , but a great want of good sense . He considered the present bill as another display of their disposition to introduce wanton innovations into the established system of the country . said , it was incorrectly stated that the supporters of this bill had prevented the petitioners from being heard by council : the opposition to this indulgence was given by the other side of the house . Neither was it just to assume , that because our commercial ma- 972 rine had been reduced , the trade of the country was diminished . The increase of a hostile navy necessarily involved the lessening of the former , but the augmentation of the commerce of the nation had kept pace with the wishes of every friend to the success of the British nation . It was confidently asserted , that our merchants could supply our West India colonies so completely , as to render all extraneous aid useless . He was sorry to observe , that the very first dispatches from sir Eyre Coote gave a very different representation of the circumstances of the islands . Under date of the 6th of March last , that officer wrote to extend the time of importation of articles of subsistence , particularly fish , until October . The truth was , that addresses were pouring in from every quarter , indicative of the existing necessity , and he trusted gentlemen would no longer deny what was so obvious and palpable . and spoke as follows : —Sir , I can not permit this bill to be read a third time , without stating the strong objections I feel both to its principle and its provisions . In proportion as both have been discussed , my repugnance to both has increased . Indeed it is impossible to compare the futility of the professed object , with a view to which this bill is introduced , with the extent and nature of the powers it confers , without feeling an alarm , that it is really intended for other and more serious purposes than those which have been announced.—It is said , that nothing more is intended by its framers , than that which has hitherto been done in breach of law , and of the oaths under which his majesty 's governors act , should hereafter be done regularly , and in conformity to law . But if nothing more was really meant , than