been submitted to the house with any degree of fairness upon its own merits . It was open to all the objections that existed to the tacking of measure which might be offensive to the crown , but which the commons wished to carry , to money bills . Upon the impropriety of such a proceeding , he read a quotation from Mr. Hatsell , who stated that such conduct was highly irregular , aid a breach of the rules and orders of parliament . He also read his observations upon the tory measure in 1704 , when they wished to carry the bill against occasional conformity Their proceedings , Mr. HatSell stated , as tending to create confusion in the government , to force a peace , and to render on allies disposed to accept of such-terms a they could procure for themselves , and as France would offer . These observation be thought very applicable to the present case . He concluded this point with saying , 486 that the crown was degraded by the measure , as it could not even raise a black regiment for the defence of the colonies , except on the terms here prescribed . The noble lord then proceeded to observe , that he agreed in the propriety of raising a greater force than we had at present , though , at the same time , he contended that having now 25,000 men more than we ever had before , the events of the late unfortunate campaign were not owing to our want of a large disposeable force , as , besides the 25,000 men which had been sent abroad , it was intended to have sent 40,000 men , forming the finest army ever sent from this country , had circumstances turned out in a way that could have permitted it . But as more men were certainly wanted than we had at present , he would proceed to the policy of the plan itself . If he had proposed the plan , it would certainly have been supposed that he had committed a blunder , when he began his increasing the army by abolishing a plan which procured , about 15,000 men annually , and by dismissing 6,000 veterans ; and all those who had completed their twenty-one years ' service . He commented On the wildness of the scheme , and the romantic disposition of the right hon . gent . with his agricultural arguments , which had been so well answered by his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Canning ) . But before he considered whether the measure would increase the army , he must observe , that we should stand worse with this plan , than with our three species of force . It was the policy of this country to have a great part of our force of such a description that it could be reduced in time of peace , and easily assembled again in time of war . The militia was of this nature , but the regulations relative to its officers made it impossible to carry it to a proper extent , and therefore it was in the contemplation of his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) to have had another force , which might be officered in the regular way , and still have the advantage of being disbanded in time of peace , and readily assembled in time of war . But , under the present plan , when the soldier was engaged for general service , we had no alternative left to keep him even , in time of peace or discharge him altogether . The plan therefore was a bad one , supposing it to be successful , which he did not think it would be . But , then it was said , that the soldiers would be of a better description , as they would have opportunities of seeing more service . But , 487 he contended that , supposing regiments that went abroad , to stay ten years , very little of the entire mass could be accustomed to foreign