not oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair , as such modifications might be adopted in the committe as would render the measure less objectionable . The county he represented , though iron was no part of its manufacture , yet consumed a great deal of that article . The county he represented , though it did not manufacture any iron , yet consumed great deal , and would be materially affected by the tax . went over the whole of the arguments which had been used in the course evening . He was glad the debate had been postponed so long , as his hon . friends had by that means an opportunity of making up their minds , and offering such arguments as could not fail to convince the house . The fluctuation in the price of iron , he acknowledged was great , but that could not have had any effect at the foreign market , as when Iron was dear we exported very little , on account of our hostility with the Northern Powers . At this time the demand was so great at home , that , to use a tradesman 's expression , the pigs were not allowed to be cold before they were taken away . This demand of course raised the price of the commodity ; but , some time after , it lowered considerably , on the suggestion of 86 the manufacturers , who declared , that they would be unable to proceed with their business , unless they had the raw material considerably cheaper . Much of the flourishing state in which that trade now was , should be attributed to the ingenuity of the persons concerned in it , and nothing could so effectually put a stop to the exertion of this ingenuity , as putting the manufacture under the excise . Formerly , and till within the Last 5 or 6 years , wood or charcoal was the only material by which it was supposed that iron could be made ; but the ingenuity of the manufacturers led them to find a substitute in coak . Under the gloomy influence of the excise there was every reason to believe that this useful discovery would never have been made . The moment the legislature put on the excise , they imposed a specific mode of working , from which no appeal could be made , and which must at once put a stop to ingenuity . Insuperable difficulties presented themselves to the execution of the plan laid down . The manufacturers were called on to give notice to the excise officer of the time at which they were to proceed to work . This was impossible . With all heir practice and skill in their business they could not judge within four hours of the time it might be in their power to open the furnace , and proceed to cast , and the Excise Officer must be always on the spot , or the manufacturer must be under innumerable penalties . The door would also be opened to great frauds . This the persons who had applied to him on the subject were particularly anxious to guard against . Nothing could be so unjust to the fair manufacturer as to confer on the fraudulent means of evading the duty , and of underselling the fair dealer . As to the rate of drawbacks , he contended that those specified by gentlemen on the other side , as being assented to by the manufacturers of Sheffield and Birmingham were the best qualified to judge on this subject ; and they said , that nothing was more difficult than to fix the drawback , or rather that no drawback could indemnify them . In such articles as knives , spades , & c. where part was iron and part wood , or other material , it was hardly possible by an ict of parliament to fix the drawback which ought to be allowed . Taking a view of the different quantities consumed in home and foreign consumption , by Government , & c. the hon . gent . contended that