no reason why they could not , instead of proceeding by way of impeachment , if they should deem any further proceeding necessary , direct the king 's Attorney General to proceed in the manner pointed out by the acts of 1784 and 1786 . The hon . member concluded by giving his negative to the motion for now proceeding to take the charge into consideration . observed , that the course which his hon . friend had proposed to the house to pursue , was certainly calculated to fiatter their indolence ; and , for his part , he should have been glad could it have been adopted with propriety . It would certainly relieve the house from a burden of which all must be sensible . But he thought that the principles and arguments of his hon . friend went too far , and would eventually trench upon those inquisitorial powers which belonged to the house , to enquire into charges of magnitude brought against persons of high dignity . In matters of this kind we must be content to follow the principles of our ancestors . His hon . friend had said , that impeachment should only be resorted to in cases of the last necessity . But it was by no means certain , this would proceed the length of impeachment . The charge alone was now proposed to be taken into consideration , and it would be afterwards for the house to decide , what course should be followed when that was gone through . With regard to the particular mode of trial which he recommended , it could not , from the instance which he had mentioned , be considered as likely to be very expeditious . In 1791 , the information was filed against Mr. Holland , and it was not before 1794 that the Court of King 's Bench had decided on the form of information to be laid before 741 the tribunal to be appointed under the act . All the necessary subsequent proceedings upon this information were afterwards to take place . This mode , therefore , did not promise much more expedition , than that by impeachment . His hon . friend had stated a doubt , whether the present charge could be brought under the act in question . That act empowered the formation of a tribunal for the trial of extortion , and other misdemeanors ; and it was rational to explain the general words , `` other misdemeanors , '' as referring to offences of a similar or an inferior nature , since higher offences must have been specified in preference to those of a minor kind , had it been designed to include them . His hon . friend 's doubt , therefore , appeared perfectly well founded , and he himself was convinced that the act had no reference to those higher political offences with which the noble lord was charged , and that therefore the trial of the charge could not be instituted under the act in question . It must be confessed , indeed , that the offences with which Mr. Holland was charged were of a political . nature , and that the opinion of lord Kenyon was of high authority , but still he might be permitted to doubt the interpretation which was then put upon the act . It appeared to him that the house could not drop their proceedings in the present instance . They had agreed to take the charge into consideration , and they could not pass from the vote they had already given . He wished that his hon . friend had offered his suggestion at an earlier period . For a whole year the subject had been before the house ; papers had been moved for day after day , and the nature of the charge had been , in some measure , explained to the house . It was obvious that it related to the administration of the noble lord in India . When it was moved that the house should take the charge into consideration , then would have been the proper