of 10l .. per cent . over and above his other profits . He , for his own part , knew little or nothing of this Mr. Trotter ; but , upon enquiry , he found that the house of Trotter had been in the habit of furnishing stores for the army these 50 years back . His charges at first were of a moderate amount , but had of late years swelled to such a magnitude , that a late secretary at war ( Mr. Yorke ) , for the purpose of checking the extent of his mercantile profits , made an order , that he should give in first an accurate statement of the prime cost ; and , secondly , of the expence of labour ; after which , he was to be allowed 10 per cent . for his mercantile profits . Such was the conduct of the late secretary at war ; but he had lately heard , though from a quarter which he would not quote as accurate authority , that the right hon . gent. , his successor , ( general Fitzpatrick , ) had given his full and unqualified approbation to all Mr. Trotter 's arrangements . It would be irregular in him to put a question on that subject to the right hon . gent . now ; but to ascertain the fact , be meant , after this question should be disposed of , to move for a copy of the letter 357 which he understood was sent by the present secretary at war to the board of treasury , in approbation of all Mr. Trotter 's arrangements . He then concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the house a list of the names of all the principal public accountants , to whom money was issued from the exchequer , and transferred to their sub-accountants ; as also of those whose accounts were yet outstanding ; distinguishing the ordinary from the extraordinary accounts ; together with the names of those who did and did not give in their accounts ; distinguishing the balances yet outstanding , from those that were accounted for . said , the right hon . gent. , in the long speech he had just made , had not denied or combated any one of the statements he had made on a former night , only with the exception of Mr. Trotter . The right hon . gent . had stated that the greatest part of the unsettled and unaudited accounts which he had mentioned as forming a vast mass of arrears of accounts , were from the Pay-office ; that the gentlemen of that office were respectable men , of the most unblemished and honourable characters ; and that one of the paymasters-general of that period , was the noble lord now at the head of the treasury . Certainly , said the noble lord , from the political situation and connection in which I stand with the noble personage now at the head of the treasury , and the individual friendship and esteem I have long entertained for him , it is impossible I could mean to cast the slightest insinuation or imputation on the honour , integrity , or attention to business , of that noble lord , whose character has always stood as high as any man 's in the kingdom ; but , I am sure I can , with great truth and justice , appeal to the house on that point , if I did not expressly state , that I did not mean to cast the smallest imputation on any public accountant ; and , as a proof of this , I particularly mentioned the case of lord Macarney , a nobleman of as high character and honour as ever lived , and who was universally allowed to be so , and the peculiar hardship he laboured under , in not being able to get his accounts settled . It unfortunately happened , however , that when I have stated nothing of which the right non . gent . can directly complain , there is nothing