was ordered to be an instruction to the committee appointed to consider of the laws relative to waggons , & c. on the highways throughout the united kingdom , to take into their consideration the act of the 28th of the king , c.27 , relative to outside passengers on stage coaches.—Mr . Vansittart brought up the Scotch Distillery bill , which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Thursday next , and to be printed.—The Irish Malt Duty bill was read a third time and 578 passed.—Sir J. Newport gave notice of a motion he intended to make , for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the elections in Ireland . The first object of the bill he should propose was , to disqualify revenue officers from being returning officers , as they were now disqualified from being voters . In the second place , he wished that it should be imperative upon corporations , to examine speedily the claims of persons claiming the right of freedom ; and thirdly he wished that in cities and towns , the freeholders should be put on an equality with those who had obtained their freedom by trade , who at present can act six months after obtaining their freedom , whereas the freeholder must be registered at least twelve months prior to the election.—Sir Arthur Wellesley moved for papers respecting the charge against marquis Wellesley . The first paper for which he moved was `` the copy of a letter from Mr. Paull to Marquis Wellesley , dated Lucknow , March 10 , 1803 , with the answer . '' Mr. Paull seconded the motion . He however begged leave to state , that at the time of his writing that letter , he had been only six weeks in India , after his return from England , where he had staid above two years . It would be seen , however , that that letter complained of the oppression and extortion committed under the system of the British government in the province of Oude . The paper was then ordered , as was also an immediate return of papers formerly moved for and ordered . On the motion of lord Henry Petty the house went into a committee on the Assessed Taxes bill . moved a resolution , `` That an allowance , not exceeding 4l . per cent . per annum , be granted to every person having more than two children born in lawful wedlock , and bonâfide maintained at the expence of such person , out of the duties charged by an act of the 43d year of his present majesty , for repealing the several duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes , and granting new duties in lieu thereof , and by an act of the 45th year of his present majesty , for granting certain duties on horses , for each of such children above two , in case the total amount of such persons ' assessment or assessments for a year under the said Acts , after all appeals thereon shall have been heard and determined , shall be under 401 . '' wished to know whether this was meant as a permanent exemption , or only as an alleviation of the hardships of the Property tax . In either case , however , he thought it liable to considerable objections . If the deduction was allowed in this case , the principle should go a great deal farther , and be in fairness allowed in other taxes . The Stamp Duties were very considerable on persons , for instance , engaged in chancery proceedings , where the expence of the suit was greatly increased by the price and the number of stamps that would be necessary . He did not see how the exemption could be brought to operate with equality in any case : and if extended generally , must be a great drawback on the amount of the taxes . Besides , a man who had a large family of children , must be compelled