congratulations , and the very handsome terms in which you have transmitted to me the approbation of the house . I have the honour to be , & c. & c. J. T . Duckworth . `` —The Secretary at War presented at the bar the Army Estimates for the current year . On his moving that the Estimates do lie on the table , the right hon . secretary acquainted the house that they contained the regular Estimates for the year , and added that it was desirable they should be taken into consideration on as early a day as possible . In order , however , to afford the gentlemen opposite an opportunity of considering the nature of these accounts , he should not propose an earlier day than Wednesday next . The usual course on such occasions was to suffer a week to elapse between the presenting and voting the estimates . That time would nearly intervene between this day and Wednesday , and he therefore trusted , that no objection would be made to voting the estimates on Wednesday , for which day he fixed his notice . The estimates were then ordered to lie on the table and the abstract of them , on the motion of general Tarleton , to be printed . seeing a noble lord in his place ( lord Morpeth ) , wished to know why the papers he had moved for respecting Bhurtpore , were so long delayed . He had first moved for . their production on the 11th of March , and finding the order of that day was not complied with , he moved , upon 216 the 13th of April , for a peremptory order . As the papers were by no means voluminous , and there had been such abundant time for their production , he should now make a further motion , unless he received a satisfactory reason for their delay . said , that the board of controul had done all that was incumbent on them to do , when they served the India board with notice of the order that had been made by that house . He thought , however , that it must appear most unfair in that hon . gent . to charge the board of controul with wishing to keep back any information , when it was recollected , that they had not resisted one of the 98 motions for papers which the hon . gent . had made in the course of the last 4 months . He , however , in consequence of the conversation in that hope upon the subject , had sent to Mr. Ramsden , the secretary of the India board , to know the reason why those papers were not produced . He was informed by the answer , that there was at present a chasm in the consultations of Bengal , which probably the next ships would supply . Since that time , the hon . gent . had made 39 motions for papers , which went so far as to require a detailed account of the most minute expenses of the marquis Wellesley in his entertainments . At the same time , they were getting ready the papers relative to Surat , which were no less than 2000 close folio pages . While all these accounts were making out at the same time , it would not be wonderful if there should be some delay ; this delay could not , however , be imputed , in any degree , to the board of controul , who were really willing to give him as many papers as he asked for . If these papers were not necessary , they had a mischievous effect , as they interfered with the making up of the official documents . There were two India budgets in arrear , and now in preparation , the papers connected with Which would afford a much better knowledge of the affairs of India , , than all the minute details moved for by the hon . gent . replied , that he was entitled to these papers to