, from the nature of the charges altogether , and more especially the last , it became absolutely necessary , that an early investigation should now take place . If the hon . gent . had named any day for such an enquiry , it would not be his wish to take it out of his hands : for the present , however , he should move , `` That the Article of Charge , of high Crimes and Misdemeanours committed by marquis Wellesley , in his transactions with respect to the nabob vizier of Oude , which was delivered in at the table , and read upon the 28th day of May last , be taken into consideration upon to-morrow fortnight , the 18th day of this instant June . '' If the hon . gent . should then have any motion to submit to the house upon the subject , he would have an opportunity of doing so . If not , he ( lord Temple ) should certainly propose a motion on the subject . adverted to the precedent of Mr. Burke 's proceedings against Mr. Hastings ; and said , that that right hon . gent. , after 5 years ' deliberation , and repeated motions , had , upon the 4th of April , 1786 , laid on the table 7 articles of charge against Mr. Hastings ; on the 12th of April , he laid 4 more ; and , on the 7th of May , 3 more ; and , notwithstanding the right hon . gent . had taken 5 years to deliberate upon his purpose ; that he had the benefit of the reports of the secret committee , of various papers he moved for , and of evidence examined at the bar for the proof of his charges ; yet it was not in less than 6 weeks afterwards , that he moved the house to any proceeding upon those charges . Now , he had given notice only the preceding day , that he had witnesses to examine ; and had , also , moved for a number of papers , many of which were absolutely necessary in support of the charges alluded to by the noble lord . Let those witnesses be examined at the bar ; let those papers be produced in proper time ; and he should not have the smallest objection to proceed to the investigation on the day proposed . Indeed , it was his intention to have moved for that day , if the testimony and documents had been fairly before the house ; but , until they were , he should not be induced to move one step to the right or to the left , or to move one degree quicker or slower , 511 in consequence of the noble lord 's motion , or of any importunity from the friends of lord Wellesley . could not let pass some expressions which had fallen from the noble lord , without making a few observations upon them . The noble lord had complained , that the charges of the hon . gent . went to impeach the private character of lord Wellesley , for acts merely of public and official conduct ; and that he had applied to the noble marquis , personally , every atrocious epithet , of tyranny , cruelty , oppression , plunder , and even of murder , for acts done in his public and official situation . But he must conceive it impossible , that such could have been the purpose of the hon . gent . ; and as to the charge of murder , he did not conceive it to be put by the hon . gent . in the way it was imputed . But really , if , in bringing forward charges such as those now on the table of the house , and every tittle of which his lordship conceived to be warranted by the documents already brought forward in support of them , a member was to be restrained in the use of such language , and such epithets , as were