at any former period of tranquillity . He might be permitted to go one step further . By the papers on the table their lordships had seen , that in 1801 the numbers were 77,574 ; before six months were expired , they were increased to 88,765 , shewing an augmentation of more than 11,000 men , in that short interval . Could the reflection be justly applied to the administration of that day under these circumstances ? There was another point to which he would solicit their lordships ' attention . It had been said that the extent of desertion was in proportion to the number of men raised for the service . This was not found to be particularly correct . The number raised in the last year did not ascend to 20,000 men . yet the desertions at home only amounted to 5954 . In 1803 , when the men raised were greatly more numerous , the deserters were fewer by 2000 . The fact was that the desertion was not in proportion to the number raised , but to the mode of acquiring men . It was inaccurately observed , that no particular exertion was made in 1803 , to enhance the public force ; but by referring to No . 1 , on the table , their lordships would see that 85,519 men were raised , and of the army of reserve 40,000 , forming a , total of 125,519 men . explained the qualification with which he had made the remark . resumed , that when the bill was under their deliberation before , he entertained the same opinion of it he did at that moment : he knew that it must be inefficient . Last year , from the convic 278 tion that the experiment had totally failed , a motion was made for its repeal , and it was then justly affirmed that it had been unsuccessful in its primary object , which was the raising of a given number of men for the service of the country It had been said that those who disapproved of one measure should recommend what was preferable to it . Although he was not always disposed to protect himself beneath any negative defence , yet this was not the time to consider the efficacy of other expedients ; it was enough to stew that this had miscarried , and he called upon the noble lord not to defend a project which was discovered by experience to be wholly inadequate to the object proposed . If he formerly supported it , consistency did not require that he should persevere in the same opinions when its futility was ascertained ; at least there was a consistency of a higher kind affecting his parliamentary character , which his lordship knew how to respect . In stating his sentiments , he should not examine at all the arithmetical computations ; he would rather consider the general scope and design of the bill . The intention undoubtedly was to add to the domestic force , and to procure a supply for the army , without interfering with the recruiting service ; anti in this it had not succeeded . Before Oct. 1805 , 41,415 men were to have been obtained ; and of these , 20,000 were to be in the ranks of regulars . Instead of producing this number , it had only raised 7,540 ; and of these 5,000 only were procured under the provisions of the bill . Their lordships were aware , that he now alluded to the encouragement given to parochial officers to disregard the established law , in order to acquire the men ; so that he was entitled to say the success was not real , but nominal , even to that limited extent . A noble lord wrote a letter on September 16 , 1805 , on the discovery of the insufficiency of the bill ; yet with all the united exertions of friends , and lieutenants of the counties , it was incompetent ; and another letter was written in the month of December following , to substitute inspecting-officers for the