, that the bill in question had passed through all the proper stages , and that it had always had its place among the orders of the day.—Mr . Combe brought up a bill for repealing the . London Additional Force act . Read a first , and ordered to be read a second time on Friday.—The Expiring Laws bill ; the Land-Tax Commissioners Assessment bill ; and the Bankrupt Laws bill , were read a third time and passed.—Mr . Vansittart brought up the following bills—A bill for Reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugar ; a bill for Allowing certain Goods to be Warehoused without Duty ; a bill for permitting the Importation of French Wine from Ireland , in Bottles and Flasks ; a bill for Granting an Additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain ; a hill for Allowing the Exportation of certain Articles from Gibraltar and Malta ; a bill for Prosecuting Offences against the Stamp Laws ; a bill for Regulating the Legal Quays of the Port of London ; a bill 'for Enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest ; a bill for Allowing the Importation of Masts , Yards , and Bowsprits from the British Colonies in North America ; a bill for Repealing the Act of James II. , for Presenting the importation of Gunpowder , Arms , and Ammunition from Ireland ; and also a bill for Allowing the Exportation of Raisins and Figs , Duty-free ; all of which were read a first time and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—The Clerks Of Chancery bill , the Innkeepers ' Rates bill , the Crown Lands Leasing bill , and the Irish Excise 1012 Countervailing Duty bill , were read a second the , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The Newfoundland Bounty bill , the Masters of Chancery bill , and the Accomptant General 's bill , went through Committees ; the reports of which were ordered to be received to-morrow.—Messengers from the lords announced their lordships ' assent to the Irish Distillery bill , the Irish Imports and Exports bill , the Irish Poor bill , and the Assessed Taxes Allowance bill.—On the Motion of lord Temple , it was ordered , that the house should , to-morrow , resolve itself into a committee on that part of the act of the 2d of James 1. which related to the penalties on the regrating and engrossing of bark . On the Suggestion of Mr. Fellowes , the penalties on the forestalling of hides were ordered to be taken into consideration by the same committee.—The Malt Duty bill , and the Lottery bill , were read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Friday.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee on the Insolvent Debtors ' bill . Sir W. Elford wishing to introduce a new clause , the bill was re-committed to a select committee.—Sir J. Newport brought up a bill for granting certain Drawbacks on Goods exported from Ireland . Read a first , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—The house Went into a committee on the Sugar Drawback act , in Which , on the motion of Mr. Vansittart , it was resolved , that the same bounties should be granted on the exportation of sugar-candy , .as were already granted on the exportation of fine sugar from Great Britain . The report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—On the motion of lord Temple , the house .having gone into the further consideration of the report of the woollen manufactures of Great Britain , the resolutions were agreed to , after some observations from Mr. Pattison which related merely to two numerical errors . Lord Temple called to the recollection of the house the anxiety which had been ever manifested by him , that some decision should be made upon the subject during the present session . The late period , however , at which the report of the committee had been made , seemed to make this ( to the extent that could be wished ) impracticable . In Saying this ,