feelings of the noble person accused , but it was unavoidable , and should not be considered so great a hardship , as it was well known , that a noble lord , lately acquitted , had been obliged , during an entire session , to bear up against the charges preferred against him . The hon . gent . then declared , that he would not delver any opinion at present on the merits of the case . He disclaimed any knowledge of the hon . gent . who brought forward the charge , except in his public capacity ; perhaps he would not go so far as he would in criminating the noble marquis ; but at all events , he thought the subject was entitled to a deliberate consideration . supported the motion for an immediate decision . He considered the charge as now ripe for a decision , and therefore it was competent for the house to enter upon it , however late might be the period of the session . It was contrary to every principle of justice , that when the charge was before the house , and all the materials by which it was supported , the person accused should not be allowed to call for a decision . The question was , indeed , of importance , but it had already been 6 months before the house , and they were surely ill qualified for performing their most important functions , if they were not now prepared to decide upon it . By the habeas corpus act , the meanest individual could call for the speedy decision of the law , and the noble lord was equally entitled to demand the determination of the house . If it were the object of the hon . gent . who had brought forward the charge to carry it beyond the present session , he thought it the duty of the house to disappoint that object . was against going into the committee , or urging the house to a hasty decision on the subject ; and he vindicated the principles avowed by his hon . and learned friend near him ( Dr. Laurence ) , of which the speech of a right hon . gent . was a complete misrepresentation from one end to the other . That the ques- 930 tion was one of the most serious importance , every one must allow ; but he could by no means agree to such a principle as that , because it was important , it should therefore be decided in the present session . He wished to know where it was that the hon . and learned gent . found such a doctrine ? For his own part , he denied the conclusion , as wholly unwarranted by the practice of parliament . An opinion had been quoted as that of a right honourable friend of his ( Mr. Fox ) , to which he should certainly be at all times inclined to pay great deference ; as if he had said , that the decision of the house on this charge ought to take place in the present session , at all events . But , if it were possible his right hon . friend could have expressed such an opinion , without adverting to what might be the state of the house , and the due consideration of the evidence upon which it would have to decide , he must consider such an opinion as not delivered with his usual correctness . The hon . gent . who brought forward this charge had been accused of procrastination , because he had not moved for all the papers at once , which he thought necessary to support his allegations , but from the nature of a charge so complicated , how was this practicable ? A member asks for a number of papers by general description , and upon reading them , he finds other papers suggested to him , which he also thinks necessary . In the present case this had happened on the side of the defence , as well as