. In this respect no foreign manufacture was likely soon to rival us . said , after the objections to the bill had been so ably stated by the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , it was not necessary for him to say much . He objected to the bill not as injurious for the present moment merely , but as it went to affect the future revenues of the country . There was hardly a single article either of manufacture or agriculture which would not be affected by it . It was said to be an argument in favour of the bill , that it would operate generally . He agreed that it would operate as a general burden , but he denied that it would be generally productive . His , lordship denied that the manufacture was ripe for taxation . If in so objectionable a measure any thing could be more objectionable than another , it was the subject of 83 drawbacks . If the bill should , unfortunately , find its way into a committee , he should then state his ideas on this point . If his noble friend persisted in it , though he should be sorry to oppose a tax proposed by one in whom he had so great a confidence , yet he must , in the present instance , oppose it in every stage . could not agree with his noble friend , that the iron trade was not yet ripe enough to produce a revenue . He thought if the iron trade had doubled , as it was admitted had been the case within the last ten years , it was impossible to deny that it was a fit object of taxation . Considering the state of the country , and the necessity there was for making every article contribute to the present exigencies ; considering that every necessary of life was taxed ; considering the high duty on malt , and even on salt ; and considering the great and extraordinary length to which the income tax had been carried this year , it was rather matter of surprise that the present tax had not sooner been thought of . If it could be made out that , by proper drawbacks being allowed , no loss would arise to our foreign market , and , at the same time , that a great increase would thereby arise to the revenue , of probably 3 or 400,000l . it would require some reasoning stronger than he had yet heard to prove that the tax ought not to be adopted . The hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had , as he always did , made a very eloquent speech , but all he had said would have been perfectly applicable to the first introduction of the excise laws into this country . The gentlemen now sought to be put under the regulations of excise would not have the same necessity for frequent visits from the officers as others had . To shew that the obsertation of the hon . bart . ( sir W. Young ) , that the excellence of the manufacture was what recommended it to foreign markets , he instanced the great fluctuation which had taken place in the prices , being to the extent of upwards of 20 per cent . which nevertheless had had no effect on the amount of the exports ; and , by taking a comparative view of the drawback , acknowledged by the dealers themselves to be sufficient , and those proposed to be granted by the present bill , shewed that the drawbacks which it was in the contemplation of the framers of the bill to allow , were full sufficient . felt much reluctance to object to any measure originating with gentlemen , to whom partiality and habit attached him . 84 He rose merely to ask a question , the answer to which would remove the difficulty he felt on the present subject . He wished to be informed , to what extent the tax would operate on consumption of iron in