Hamburgh , upon which drafts were to be given monthly for the pay of the troops . In the treaties which he had formed for those subsidiary forces , every thing relating to pay , from the general down to the private , and every thing respecting forage and other contingencies , were minutely stipulated ; and he had repeatedly written home to his government , urging the necessity of sending out able commissaries , to be constantly attached to these foreign regiments , and to see that their musters were correct , with powers to draw upon the Hamburgh bank . In answer to which , his instructions were , that the responsibility . of drawing for money would not be vested in any commissary ; but that he ( Mr. W. ) must take the superintendance of such issues ; and after receiving the necessary certificates , signed by the commissaries , he must then , under his own hand , empower the commissaries to draw upon the bank at Hnmburgh . This was a duty not of his seeking , but imposed upon him without even asking his assent it formed a very laborious increase to the arduous duties with which he had been already charged . He undertook it however , cheerfully , as he would have done one more arduous , for the public service . But he felt himself placed in a predicament in which no man of honour or feeling in his situation would wish to stand : not as officially accredited , the plenipotentiary of his majesty , in a diplomatic department , but as a check or controul upon the acting commissaries , and with a share of care and 618 responsibility superadded to his other avocations . He had long felt the most earnest solicitude to have his accounts audited . He knew many other gentlemen in the same predicament , and some who , after waiting a series of years , had been obliged to go abroad on foreign stations , leaving their accounts still unpassed ; and it was from his personal feelings of satisfaction , as well as his public sense of the utility and advantages of the system proposed by the noble chancellor of the exchequer for expediting the auditing of public accounts , that he had been zealous in cheering that system in a manner so peculiarly unpleasing to the right hon . gentleman . expressed his assurance , that no man could be more accurate than the right hon . gent . who had rendered very considerable services to his country . after some animadversions on the candour , manliness , and purity of the right hon . gent . opposite to him , ( Mr. Rose ) begged to observe , that the expenditures about which he seemed now so solicitous , and the delay of accounting for which had excited so much of his disapprobation , must have been some years officially known to the right hon . gent . If there was any thing improper or illegal in the manner of those expenditures being accounted for , why , he would ask , had not the right hon . gent . in his great anxiety for rectitude , long since moved for their production ? —The papers were then ordered . On the motion for the third reading of the bill , said , he felt such strong objections to the measure , that he hoped the house would indulge him by allowing him to state his opinion in this late stage , as shortly as possible . The noble lord then inveighed against the bill , as a measure originally objectionable from the number of utterly inadmissable clauses with which it as charged ; but , as now reduced to a skeleton by the expunging of those clauses , it contained no one feature of any fundamental principle , for improving the situation of the soldier , which was not before in the power of his majesty . So far , then , it was a mere caput mortuum ; but in every thing else it was worse than nothing