; it could not be expected that it should repair the casualties of the whole army . The bill was as dangerous in the case of success as in the case of failure ; for there was no other way in which it could succeed , but by cutting up the sources of the general recruiting of the army . Instead , then , of allowing that any men had been raised in addition to the general recruiting , he should say , that whatever men were raised under the bill , were raised in derogation of the recruiting service . He did not know that a single man had been gained in all England from this bill . Those who were said to have been raised by it , could , as he believed , have been as well got , if no such bill had ever been passed . He thought nothing but mischief had resulted from employing parish officers to recruit . The men were only to be raised by the operation of money , acting , in such cases , through the medium of oppression . How very incompatible was the character of churchwarden and recruiting serjeant ! The churchwarden or overseer , was generally looked upon to be a grave and solemn man , whose conduct and behaviour were expected to set a good example to his fellow parishioners ; a kind of custos morum in the parish . Would you have such a character go skipping about the parish , from alehouse to alehouse , diverting and seducing the lads of the village ; and like Serjeant Kite , with his jovial recruits , Thomas Appletree and Costar Pearmain , singing— 132 `` We shall lead more happy lives , By getting rid of brats and wives , That scold and brawl , both night and day , Over the and far away . '' When such language , however , should come from a churchwarden , it would not exactly produce the same effect . There was a story of two French officers , who , in addressing their men , differed in this point : the one said `` go ; '' the other , `` let us go ; '' and the men liked the one who said , `` let us go , '' much better than the other . In the same way , if a constable were to come up to a young lad , and tell him , `` It is a pity such a fine young fellow as you should wait behind your master 's chair , or clean your mistress 's clogs ; you ought to be a soldiers , there is no life like a soldier 's ; '' the fellow would very naturally reply , Mr Constable , if a soldier 's life is so very pleasant , why are not you a soldier ? It really appeared to him , that parish officers could not entice young men to enter the army without destroying the morals of their parishioners , which it was their duty to protect . He was aware , however , that some gentlemen would call it merely philosophical and sentimental to speak of morality or justice in the manner of raising men for the army . He hoped , however , that the house would not be of that opinion , but would consider it a most serious objection to any military plan , if it could not be executed without a havock of the morals of the country , and without injustice and oppression . There were gentlemen who appeared entirely indifferent about the means , provided men could be got . Their sentiment was like that rant , `` Ye gods ! Annihilate both space and time , and make two lovers happy . '' But whatever confidence they professed in their schemes for raising men , experience had shewn that they were inefficient . Although the parish officers were so stupid and incapable of understanding the bill , there was one who , it seemed , most perfectly understood it . This parish officer lived