the West Indies , and therefore thought it absurd the commissioners abroad should not have that power of residing which the commissioners here had . He thought the measure was only calculated to increase the patronage of the treasury.—Lord Henry Petty , lord Howick , and Mr. Morris , on the other hand , contended that the burthen of the business was not in the West Indies , for the gentlemen on the other side seemed to forget that this commission was not only intended for the investigation of abuses , but also for the bringing up of the accounts in arrear . After a few words from Mr. Fuller , and Mr. Wm . Smith , the House divided on Mr. Rose 's amendment , that the blank should be filled up with the word `` three '' Ayes 21 ; Noes 72. then repeated his former assertion , that the places about to be created by the bill would be mere sinecures , and serve only to extend ministerial patronage . This assertion the right hon . gent . expressed his resolution to repeat again and again , however it might be resisted by the noble lord , who ought , in his judgment , to have sought much more experience before he had ventured to originate a measure of this nature , which betrayed a total ignorance of official business . expressed his surprise at the quarter from which the house had just heard such vehement objections against sinecures . After much lofty declamation upon political purity ; after such high tones of independence , and such ardent expressions of solicitude for the economic expenditure of the public money , the house would naturally look for some evidence of the right honourable gentleman 's sincerity , and no doubt that sincerity would be evinced very soon , perhaps the next day , by the right honourable gentleman 's resignation to his sovereign of the sinecure which he himself held . With regard to the right hon . gent . 's allusion to his noble friend ( Petty 's ) want of experience , it was true , the noble lord observed , that his noble friend was not possessed of that experience which might be looked for from a veteran in office . There was , however , a great deal of the experience to which , perhaps , the political success of the right hon . gent . was owing , which he rather thought not desirable to his noble friend ; while such experience as was really valuable , could not be difficult of attainment to that assiduous application of active talents for which his noble friend 678 was so eminently distinguished . But upon the subject of want of experience in the arrangement of this measure , the right hon . gentleman dealt , in fact , only in assertion ; for experience , even very recent , was in favour of that provision in the bill of which the right hon . gentleman complained . It was notorious that in consequence of the sending home one of the commissioners from the West Indies in the course of the last administration , the inquiries of the commissioners were materially assisted , and frauds to a great amount were discovered ; therefore the right hon . gent . 's assertion was not entitled to credence . It was strange , the noble lord observed , how resolute the right honourable gentleman and his friends were to carry on debate . He had hoped that the debate , on this subject at least , was at an end before that evening ; but the right honourable gentleman and co. still determined to persevere—rather more , to be sure , in bringing forward accusations against ministers than in adducing arguments against their measures . Among those accused indeed , he understood the right hon . gent . had thought proper on a former occasion to include him , principally , as he was informed , in consequence of some appointments that were recently made in the department over which he had the honour to preside . Had