the public purse , which could not be justified except upon the peculiar confidence which might be safely reposed in his present advisers . From this examination he trusted the house would see , that whatever their claims or pretentions might be to that confidence , they had no title to any at all . He said he should conclude with only one observation , which was to guard his argument , from the charge of inconsistency , which had already been applied to that of his noble friend : do n't let it be said , he added , that he contended in one sentence that this act of parliament would give the king extravagant power , and in the next that it gave him nothing ; for he contended no such thing . What he contended was this : that if the act did any thing , that if the act could effectuate in any degree what it was intended to do , it did give such powers as that house ought not to consent to grant : but that if it did not give such powers ( which he contended was the case ) , then it did nothing , was unnecessary , and ought to be rejected for its futility . on the part of his majesty 's ministers , positively disclaimed any such sentiment , as expressed by any of them , in or out of that house , that they combined all the talents , all the virtue , and all the influence of the country . It certainly was their wish to combine as much of those properties as circumstances could admit , and it was not their fault , that some right hon . gentlemen , friends of the late admi- 639 nistration , were not connected with them . The hon . and learned gent . had complained of versatility in his majesty 's ministers because they had agreed to abandon some measures , and to modify others according to what they conceived to be the sense of parliament and of the country ; but he could not conceive that to he reprehensible in the conduct of ministers , or a conduct which should render them undeserving of the confidence of parliament or the country . If he were to look out for a set of ministers who , from their proud pertinacity and unaccommodating perseverance in any measure , however obnoxious to parliament or the people and disregard of the public confidence , would be the least likely to conciliate that confidence he had nothing more to do than to glance a the beaches opposite to him . The learned gent . as well as the noble lord . had congratulated himself that he was not included in the present disgraceful administration ; perhaps his exclusion was not so much subject of regret on their parts as he seemed inclined to imagine . But probably , if ministers had the singular good fortune of his aid on this occasion , they might have had the advantage of those eminent legislative talents which he had displayed in the formation of his memorable volunteer bill , and the lucid constructions and counter-constructions he had afterwards felt it necessary to give to those consummate specimens of accuracy , consistency , and clearness . However , if the learned gent . and his colleagues possessed such talents as they were inclined to give themselves credit for , why did they abandon their places , and confess that their abilities for carrying on the affairs of the nation had expired on the death of a late right hon . gent ? Why did they abandon their posts in despondency and dismay , upon the death of that leader of whom they were so prompt to acknowledge themselves the mere tools ? At least they might have tried a little longer their talents to conduct the public business , though it was probable the experiment would have been more short-lived and inefficient than the learned gent . was inclined to think this bill would be . With respect to the India Company , the learned gent