that each particular one must produce the sum at which it was estimated ; and he had not the smallest doubt 58 that the taxes he had proposed would produce more than the sum he had estimated them at . The taxes in Ireland were all annual , and if any of them were not productive , parliament of course had the power to repeal , alter , or amend them , or to substitute other taxes in their room . It had been said , that the price of Sugar never could reach the point where this duty would attach , but he had in his hand the price current of Sugar , and it would be seen that the average was above that at which the price would attach . He had heard nothing to induce him to alter his opinion respecting this duty , and he should most certainly adhere to it . said , he had been asked why he had not , when he was in office , attempted to raise as much of the supplies as possible within the year : the answer was , he had done it , he had proposed taxes to the amount of 1,450,000l . a year . He did not blame the Budget of the rt . hon . baronet , because he had not been long enough in office to obtain full knowledge of the state of Ireland ; but there was one observation which he wished to make : the loan for Ireland , made this year in England , was two millions ; the annual amount of the debt of Ireland , due in England , was two millions ; so that the whole of the loan would remain here to pay the interest of the debt . No country could go on long at this rate ; and the debt of Ireland , it would be found , unless proper measures were taken , must be ultimately consolidated with that of this country , as the debt of the former was increasing in a much greater proportion than that of the latter . The proportion ought to be as one to seven ; whereas , by the two loans of this year , it was four and a half to eighteen . Such a circumstance required the attention of this country , which must ultimately feel the weight of those impolitic measures . begged leave to state a few facts in answer to what had fallen from the right hon . gent . respecting his having raised so much of the supplies within the year . In the last year the joint charge of the two countries was 42 millions , and in the present year it was 43 millions : last year , when the rt . hon . gent . was chancellor of the exchequer , there were four millions British borrowed ; this year there were two millions British , and two millions Irish , borrowed . After this short statement , he would ask , whether he had not done as much towards raising the supplies within the year as the rt . hon . gent ? But the rt hon . gent , had not stated that , when 59 he came into office , there remained 800,000l . of the loan of the preceding year not drawn for , and that he had called for the power of raising 500,000l . by Treasury Bills ; and the rt . hon . baronet said , that he hoped that he should not have occasion to issue bills to above half that amount . Besides , as he had stated last night , the Ways and Means which he had proposed exceeded the supply by 200,000l . With respect to the revenue produced by the taxes laid on by the rt . hon . gent. , he wished to state a few facts : he would not , for the purpose of making a comparison , take a year that had been remarkably unproductive , but he would state the revenue of Ireland every year since the Union . In