the navy at the commencement of the last war can not be doubted ; indeed , I am warranted in asserting , that there were at that time not less than 100 sail of the line ; together with a suitable proportion of smaller ships , in complete condition , and fit to go to any part of the world ; and many more , with trifling repair , might have been so , if they had been wanted . This then was the state of the navy at the commencement of the last war in 1793 . The accounts beginning at page 4 of the papers ordered to be printed 28th May , 1805 , will shew the means by which the navy has been upheld . On one side , are the numbers added from time to time , either by building , capture or purchase ; and on the other , the numbers taken from the navy , either by being sold , taken to pieces , captured by the enemy , or lost . From Jan. 1793 , to Feb. 1801 , when earl St. Vincent came to the admiralty , a period of 8 years , it appears there were 18 sail of the line and 46 frigates built ; 43 sail of the line , and 66 frigates captured ; and 5 sail of the line , and 9 frigates purchased ; making in all , 66 sail of the line , and 121 frigates ; which for the 8 years made an average of 8¼ ships of the line , and 15 frigates annually.—But , it may be said , that as this calculation includes captured and Purchased ships , 161 which can not be consider equal to new ; and it being my wish to ascertain the actual annual increase of new ships , in order to maintain a given force ; I shall deduct ⅓rd from the number of ships captured and purchased . And as no less than 24 sail of the line and 36 frigates of these captured ships were in commission in . May last , it must be considered a very liberal allowance . This will reduce fair annual average addition to 6¼ sail of the line and 12 frigates , new ships.—The next point to be considered is whether the increase which the navy received during 8 years preceding earl St. Vincent 's vice-administration was , or was actually necessary for maintaining it in an effective state.—It must be allowed , that great even as the exertions of his lordship 's predecessors were , they have unquestionably proved insufficient to preserve the navy , in the same good state , in which it was when the war began . Our ships had very severely suffered , although the actual numbers had increased . Their state and condition ( by , which alone the real strength of the navy can be estimated ) as greatly impaired . This is most alarmingly proved by the account of ships paid off , between Oct. 1801 , and May 1804 ; for out of 114 sail of the line and 120 frigates so paid off , 110 of the former , and 115 of the latter , stood in need of repair ; and by far the greater part of great repair.—As a further proof that the annual addition of 6¼ sail of the line and 12 frigates , which I have stated , is not equal to maintain the naval force which has been employed in actual service for years past , I will observe , that a ship is calculated not to above 15 years ; affording such ships , one with another , every , repair which it can be advise-able to give . Now , there have been upon an average during the greater part of last war , 110 sail of the line , and 170 frigates in commission ; and allowing every ship to run 15 years , it would require an addition of full 7 sail of the line and 12 frigates to maintain such force—any thing short of this supply would diminish