say his hon . friend was justified in pressing his motion , with a view to establish some effectual and permanent check upon this glaring system of flagitious peculation . His majesty 's present ministers had succeeded to power with the wishes and the warm approbation of the people , and certainly had shewn every disposition to follow up enquiry into public abuses , and to render the public force formidable for the defence of the country against a ferocious enemy : but he could assure those ministers , with every deference for their talents , that , without economy in the expenditure of the public money , with- 1258 out the most rigorous vigilance in the disbursement of every pound for the public service , it would be in vain that they possessed . talents ; it would be in vain that they rendered formidable their armies or their fleets , with a view to our permanent safety . Economy in public , and in private life , under the peculiar circumstances to which this country was now reduced , he considered as the cardinal virtue upon which turned all our hopes of ultimately surmounting the dangers and embarrasments in which we were involved : it was to our want of this , that our ferocious enemy looked with eager hopes of his ultimate success in subduing us , more than to any opinion of our want of a formidable force , and a military spirit of resistance . But , from the nature of some expenditures of late , it would seem as if his majesty 's ministers had believed that a guinea was really worth more than twenty-one shillings : however , he could assure them , nothing but the most strict economy and vigilance of the public expenditure would do . He thought it odd , that when a proposition was made with a view to investigate defalcations and peculations in another department , which was a perfect mine of peculation , it should be resisted on the ground that it would cause an extra expence in clerks , pens , ink , and paper . The objection to the expence of these accounts , he thought came with a bad grace from the ministers so soon after the Auditors bill which entailed great expences on the public , for little more than nominal appointments . He wished to see the system of economy general . It was equally advantageous in public as in private concerns . Give us , said he , but economy , and a fig for Buonaparte ! with every respect for the hon . member , observed , that if he had been the first to discover the peculation of which he now complained , and had come down to the house and founded upon his discovery a motion of enquiry , undoubtedly he would have deserved much popularity for his exertion . But , as this was not the case , as the house had already taken up the subject under the general head of military expenditures , and as the commissioners appointed by the house had been actually for a year past occupied in the investigation , the hon . gent . in every endeavour to add to his own popularity on this head , sought to detract from the merit of the commissioners , and of the house , by whom they were instituted , as well as very 1259 considerably and unnecessarily to increase that expenditure of public money for which he professed so much of vigilant concern . contended , that the same abuses were still going on in the same manner as before , and as it seemed the commissioners could not conclude their inquiries for three or four years , he would ask , was he , as a member of parliament , to sit still all that time , and not attempt to check them ? There should be in the Barrack Office , a regular account of the sale of all the articles , the names of the items and the amount of what they respectively sold for ; and it did