which it appears , that during the latter years of the last war , this country never had less than 100 sail of the line actually in commission , not including harbour duty ships ; the average is , I believe , 104 . On the 18th of Feb. 1801 , when earl St. Vincent came to the admiralty , a few months previous to the termination of the war , there were 102 . It was , sir , my intention to have drawn a comparison between the number in commission at this latter period ( not knowing it had been soon afterwards increased ) , 175 and the number in commission at the time his lordship quitted the admiralty , 14 months after the war began . But the hon . admiral who has moved for such voluminous papers , has enabled me to lay before the house a much stronger case than I expected.—By his calling for an account of the ships commission , on 1st Oct. 1801 , it appears there were 122 sail of the line , being an increase of 20 ships , since 18th Feb. 1801.—If the hon . admiral called for this account , with a view of giving credit to earl St. Vincent for his great exertions in adding those 20 sail to the fleet ; which I can hardly believe he intends , because the hon . admiral can not be ignorant to whom that credit is due , and to whose exertions the country is indebted ; I reply that the fact is , earl St. Vincent came into office , just at the time the coalition of the northern powers was at its height , and when every possible means were necessary , to beat down that formidable confederacy . These ships , for this purpose , were provided , and many of them on the point of being commissioned at the time earl St. Vincent came into office in Feb. 1801 . The greatest part were , it is true , commissioned by the noble lord , but 8 were actually ready by the end of March ; 7 by the end of April ; and the remaining 5 by the last of May ; in short , the country was indebted to earl Spencer for those exertions which proved so successful . An extraordinary survey was made about 2 months previous to earl St. Vincent 's , administration , at the different dock-yards , for the express purpose of putting this measure into immediate effect . And therefore this proves that when earl St. Vincent came to the admiralty , the permanent force was at least 100 sail of the line in commission , with the means of equipping , upon an emergency , 20 sail more . But when earl St. Vincent quitted the admiralty , above 12 months after the war commenced , though he had had the peace , during which he might recruit and refit at his pleasure , there were only 88 sail of the line in commission , although it can not be said that he was very nice as to their state and condition ; not another ship could be sent to sea ; and I fear there is too much reason to suspect that representations from officers , of the defective state of their ships , Were not attended to ; of which there was one instance in particular ; though I would now avoid entering into the melancholy 176 subject.—At this time the navy of our enemy was much superior to what it , was in the latter part of the last war . They employed the interval of peace , in building and repairing ships ; and which ( by knowing it , as we must have known it ) urged the necessity , on our part , of similar exertions.—But , sir , it is notorious that we had not the means . I appeal to the hon . admiral himself , who at that time was at the board , whether another ship could have been sent to sea ? And to add to