were , and the inhabitants of the country were but men . He had formerly stated , and he now repeated it , if the right hon . gent . was so conscious of the superiority of his plan , let him try its effects on the second battalions , and see what it would produce . Another point much insisted on was the experience of other countries , and particularly France . He had formerly stated , and he again with confidence repeated , that it was not at this moment the practice of any one great power in the world to enlist for a limited time of service , at least during a war ; and , except the Swiss , it had not been attempted to be argued that it was . If he were to take an instance of the evils to follow from such a practice , he would quote the very one which had been dwelt on by the right hon . gent.—the instance of France . He would wish to know , why he should take up that system at the very time that France had abandoned it , abandoned it , too , from dear-bought experience , from the seven years ' war , in which they had been utterly unsuccessful , and during which their armies had been held in contempt through the whole world , most probably from being formed on this system . He could not agree , that the limiting the period of service would have no had effect , in changing the character of the soldiery . Limiting its endurance at all , would unquestionably produce this effect ; whether for 7 or 10 years would make little difference . When he came near the period of his discharge , and contemplated his return to private life , it would be found that he was more of a citizen than a soldier . In 438 the opinion which he formerly gave on the subject , he had an inclination for a service for a limited number of years ; but he by no means then contemplated the idea of discharging them during a war . The right hon . gent . had gone into a calculation to shew , that the evil of discharge was less than had been supposed . However this might be added to the evil which must attend the colonial service , he was convinced that the number , whether more or less , must be severely felt ; and it was not in the number only that this would be seen , but in the fact of their being our best troops , who had served 7 or 8 years , whom we were called on to discharge ; those to whom the rest of our soldiers looked up ; and that they were to be discharged , too , during a war . As to the general amelioration of our army , the right hon . gent . seemed .to expect , that they would be a different sort of men from those of whom the army was now composed ; no such change , he was well assured , would take place . Nothing had been proposed by the right hon . gent . which would induce mere of a different kind from the present army to enlist . Nothing could be more theoretic , or more unfounded in fact , than the idea that limiting the period to a term of seven years , would make a great change , either in the kind or number of those who inlisted . If , however , government were resolved to try the measure , he hoped they would allow the regular recruiting to go on at the same time . said , he had given way with pleasure to his hon . friend , because , as he differed himself so entirely from the right hon . secretary , he thought that it would be desirable to hear an opinion from such an authority . The house , he was sure , ought not to decide on this important question