force of the country , and that which may fairly be called the parliamentary army , in contradistinction to that regular army of the crown , which the crown has at all times raised for itself , subject to the controul of the annual mutiny bill . All these measures therefore which the right hon . gent . cites as precedents , are in fact directly in contrast with that which he now recommends . They were in fact enabling statutes in aid of the prerogative of the crown ; to give to the king a power of doing that which was necessary for the safety of the state , but which he could not 459 do without the direct assistance of parliament . This is , to limit or take from him a power which he already has , and to subject him to restrictions and disabilities , at once encroaching on the prerogative , and prejudicing the service of the country . The right hon . gent . opposite appears to doubt the truth of this construction . I ask , in what possible way any statute can operate upon the prerogative of the crown , except in one of these three ; —either as giving some power , which the crown had not before ; or as explaining and confirming some doubtful or obsolete prerogative ( as was the case in the bill for calling out the levy-en-masse ) , at the same time prescribing the mode of its exercise ; or , thirdly , as directly limiting , restraining , or abolishing some power , which the crown had hitherto been in the habit of exercising without dispute ? In which of these three ways does the present measure operate ? Does it give to the King , as a new power , the right of raising men for limited service , or has not the crown always had and often exercised that right of limitation ? Does it revive or explain any prerogative of doubtful construction ? Does it even leave the power and prerogatives of the crown as it finds them ? Has not the crown at present , and has it not always had , in addition to the power of limiting the service , that of enlisting men for an indefinite time , subject to discharge at its own pleasure ? and will not the clause now under consideration , if sanctioned by the legislature , take that power completely away ? And for what object , and from what necessity is this alteration of the constitution projected ? Can not the experiment be tried as well by that authority which has always hitherto exclusively regulated the terms of enlistment and the internal economy of the army ; leaving with that authority the discretion of trying it at such times , and to such extent as may be most favourable to the experiment ; ( leaving the discretion also of suspending that trial , if its result should be found less beneficial than is expected ) : — can not , I say , this experiment be made in this way , wish as much advantage , and with much less danger , than by pledging the whole legislature , not only to try it , but to abide the issue of that trial , without any alternative , and without the possibility of retreat ? Does not the right hon . gent . feel , that a regulation by the crown would be equally effectual ; while , if necessary , it could be recalled , without inconvenience ? 460 Does he not feel that a partial experiment in the first instance , will be amply sufficient to ascertain the merits of his plan ; while , if unsuccessful , it might be abandoned or suspended , without difficulty ? Does he not feel , that by making this great change , the work of the whole legislature , and the rule of the whole service , while he adds nothing to the facilities of experiment , he enhances incalculably the dangers of failure ? And if this be the case