of parliament , immediately after the publication of an `` Enquiry into the State of the Nation , '' a pamphlet which it is understood was circulated under the particular countenance and protection of the noble lord ( lord Holland ) who first brought in this bill . Much of the pamphlet in question is occupied in considering the pending question with America , and in councelling the unqualifled surrender to that country of every thing she is supposed to have laid claim to . This , together with a most desponding estimate of the power and resources of the country , concluding with a pretty distinct intimation that our only chance of holding even a secondary place in the scale of Europe is our concluding an immediate peace with France on the best terms we can , are the only two practical conclusions to be found in a work of some talent , which is principally engrossed in a general misstatement of the measures , and consequently of the conduct of the former government . If such is to be taken as in any degree the standard of the noble lord 's own opinions , and if it is in the spirit of such doctrine , that he was induced to offer this bill to parliament , those who differ with him in sentiment have ample , grounds for apprehension at the present moment . The noble lord does not certainly hold a 986 seat in his majesty 's councils , but that is not sufficient to relieve my mind from the anxiety of observing a bill of this nature proceed from a persons so high in confidence , entitled to great personal weight and respect , and whom we have reason to presume entertains sentiments of the description above stated . I wish , if ministers do not mean to use this bill for the unwise and mischievous purposes to which its powers may be applied , that they would , at least for the present , calm the public apprehensions , by relinquishing it and suffer matters to proceed as they have done for years , without any inconvenience or danger . It can not be requisite to enable them to administer a limited and temporary aid to the islands . If it is meant to be pushed further , which the extent of its provisions justifies us in apprehending , it is a fraud on parliament thus covertly to effect it . Without a more visible necessity , so much power ought not to be surrendered to his majesty 's ministers , nor so many great interests be alarmed with respect to their nearest concerns . I certainly can not justify to myself ( venerating as I have been taught to do , the navigation laws of the country ) unnecessarily placing such vital interests at tins mercy of any government whatever ; and I least of all am disposed so to place them , at the present moment , after the sentiments that have been expressed , and the opinions it is to be presumed are entertained . I trust the house will retain those laws under its own immediate protection , as the source of our greatness , the rarest preservation of our power , and the best bulwark of the British empire . said , the noble lord complained that ministers had not informed the house of the nature and object of this bill ; but he had scarcely proceeded to a second sentence before he admitted that a right . hon . friend of his ( Mr. Fox ) had disclosed the grounds and principles of that measure . The truth was , that his right . hon friend had opened the subject so completely , as was often his practice , as to render little further explanation necessary . The bill proposed by Mr. Pitt in 1783 , on the intercourse with America , was much more directly opposed to the navigation law than the present , so that if this be absurd , novel , and monstrous , it at least must be much lesss absurd , novel , and