thought the noble lord ( Temple ) should have explained the matter more fully . After this mistake in the wording of the act had been discovered , he had proposed that the bill he had the honour of introducing , should not take effect , until every order that could possibly go from this country to foreign merchants , should have been executed . By the 1st of Nov. he conceived that these order would be perfected ; but if other gentlemen did not think so , that was no reason why the bill should be thrown out entirely . It was a subject that could be considered , and settled in a committee ; and he therefore thought , that the amendment should not be allowed , but that the bill should be committed , when a time might be fixed on to preclude all possibility of the merchants , who had sent orders , being injured . in explanation , said , the term from which this bill was to have effect could not be agreed on , and that was his reason for supporting the amendment . said , as it was agreed by all that there was a mistake , it should be rectified as soon as possible . The committee he considered as the proper place to deliberate on the term that should be allowed ; he believed it was required , that until the 1st of March should be allowed , and he hoped his noble friends would consent to have the matter discussed in a committee . agreed with the noble lord , and said , that the neglect was in a measure attributable to him , and he would be very sorry , on that account , that every chance of rectifying it should be taken away . hoped the noble lord would withdraw his amendment , as , by rejecting the bill in the present stare , it would appear as if the principle was objected to , when in reality , the only question was with regard to time , and he was sure the hon . gent. ( Mr . Foster ) would be willing to make every allowance.—It was then agreed , that both the motions should be withdraw and bill was read a 2nd time , and ordered : to be committed on Thursday next . The house proceeded in the appeal from the court of chancery , `` Mary Georgiana Seymour , an infant , by her next friend , against the earl of Euston and lord Henry Seymour . '' The solicitor general , at considerable length , went over most of the arguments urged in this cause in the court of chancery , and was followed on the same side by Mr. Agar . The further consideration of the appeal was then postponed till the next day . During the hearing of the appeal , the bishop of Winchester addressed the house in further confirmation of an affidavit made by his lordship , which had been referred to by the solicitor-general relative to the education of Miss Seymour in the faith of the church of England . The Lord Chancellor observed , that whatever degree of respect they might entertain for the opinions of the right reverend prelate , their lordships could only look to what was in evidence before them.—The Irish Stamp Duties bill was read a third time and passed.—Strangers were excluded , whilst their lordships discussed some matter of privilege brought forward by the earl of Limerick . The discussion continued some time . Strangers were re-admitted , but no public business was done , and very soon afterwards they were again excluded ; when the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord Melville was resumed ; and an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord Melville on Thursday , and a message ordered to be sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith . brought up a petition from the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch , in favour of the East-London water works bill.—On the motion of sir J. Sinclair , it