credit of the account , as he could see no possible connection it could have with the number of ships built in the merchants ' yards , or any thing to do with a charge against that noble lord in the performance of his official duty . Dismissing these , then , from the account , the number of ships of the line built in the 8 years preceding lord St. Vincent 's administration would be 24 ; and comparing with that the period of that noble lord 's administration , from his accession to office in March 1801 , to his departure in May 1804 , the total number was ten in a period of little better than 3 191 years , which , upon a comparison of averages , so far proved no deficiency . It also appeared that when the noble lord came into office , he found upon the slips building about 16 sail of the line , whereas on his departure from office he left 18 in forwardness upon the stocks . It was said by the hon . gent . that the noble lord had ordered the building of ships ; but where were they ? But if those ships were not built pursuant to the orders issued , the noble lord surely was not to blame ; it was not his province to build the ships , or to lay them down for building ; that was for the navy board to have looked to . He did not know how far to look back for the proofs of a similar case ; but many gentlemen who heard him must recollect instances of vessels having been 4 years ordered to be built by the board of admiralty , the keels of which were not laid down till 4 years afterwards . Certainly such orders , when given , ought to be carried into immediate effect ; but if they were not so carried , the blame could not attach upon the admiralty , whose province it merely was to issue the orders for building , and describe the size and force of the ships , but who had no more to do with the building than they had with finding the timber , or the funds for defraying the charges of building . There were many similar instances , to shew that the noble earl , who had done his part in ordering the building , was not to blame for tardiness in the execution . The Ocean , the Impregnable , and many other ships of the line , had been many years in building . The Caledonia was ordered to be laid down in the year 1795 , and for the building of which , 1000l . was voted that year ; 1000l . in 1796 ; 1000l . in 1797 ; 40,000l . in 1804 , and 10,000l . in 1805 ; yet her frame was not set up till that year , by 30 men and 6 boys ; and the calculation was , that it would take 90 men to complete her for launching in 9 months . The Hibernia was ordered to be built in 1792 , yet was not launched till 1804 . There was nothing new , therefore , in the practice , which could cast any blame on the noble lord , who was entitled to credit as well for those ships he had given orders to build , as for those which had been built ; and whatever blame was due , the responsibility lay with the navy board . The hon . gent . had said there was no provision made to supply the losses of the navy in the smaller class of vessels , during the noble lord 's administration ; but in refutation of this , it appeared from documents on the table 192 that there were built in that period 21 or 22 frigates , of which 14 were now at sea ; 32 sloops , 21 gun-boats,10 schooners , and 8 cutters . The hon . gent. , in his zeal to criminate the conduct of lord St.