his present majesty , for allowing , under certain restrictions , until , the 1st of August 1806 , the bringing of coals by inland navigation to the cities of London and Westminster , had nearly expired , and that it was advisable to renew it . The house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received tomorrow.—Mr . Calcraft obtained leave to bring in a bill to vest certain messuages , lands , tenements , and hereditaments , in trustees , for the purpose of securing his majesty 's docks at Portsmouth , and extending the works at Dover . Mr. C. immediately brought up the above , which was read a. first time.—Mr . Vansittart obtained leave to bring in a bill to consolidate the several acts for building and improving the streets leading to Westminster-hall and the two houses of parliament.—Sir C. Price brought 871 up a bill for making certain regulations concerning Smithfield market . Read a first , and ordered to be read a second time.—On the motion of sir J. Newport , the Irish Butterage bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed . —On the motion of sir J. Newport , the Irish Militia bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Mr . Secretary Windham , in moving that the report of the committee on the Training bill be taken into further consideration , observed , that it was his intention to propose several new clauses , and suggested the propriety of postponing any further discussion until the report should be again considered , which he meant to move should take place on Thursday . had no objection to the course of proceeding which the right hon . gent . suggested , although it would be attended with some inconvenience to the gentlemen who remained in town solely on this account . He should avail himself of the next opportunity to take the sense of the house on the principle of the bill , which in his opinion , no new clauses whatever could possibly amend.—A variety of clauses was then introduced by Mr. Windham , and the report was ordered to be taken into further consideration on Thursday . moved for the production of copies of certain letters which passed between the secretary at war , the barrack master general , the deputy barrack master general , and major Davis , barrack master of Sandown , relative to the building of barracks , and the hiring of barns , & c. in the Isle of Wight , including the letter of the secretary at war , on the 15th of February last , which communicated his in majesty 's order for the dismissal of Mr. Atkins from his office as barrack master of Sandown.—Ordered . They were accordingly presented , ordered to lie on the table and to be printed . thought proper to add to the papers just presented another document connected with the same subject . In calling the attention of the house to this business , he could assure gentlemen that his sole motive was to prevent the improper expenditure of the public money , and he was persuaded that the right hon . secretary had no other object . With a view to that object he had to move for a paper to the production of which he hoped there would be no objection , as it would serve to afford the house much useful information , The 872 hon . member then moved for a Copy of the Memorial presented by John Pritchard , late barrack master of Sandown , to the Commissioners of Military inquiry , relative to certain glaring peculations in the barrack department . suggested to the hon . mover , that the latter words of his motion were rather such as it was unusual to introduce or admit in describing a paper to be submitted to that house . said , that he took the description from the title of the memorial itself . concurred in the observations of the Speaker , and suggested the insertion of `` certain practices ,