and which had , by him , been quoted to the house . How to account for the great difference between the hon . general 's statements and his , he was at a loss , unless the hon , general had omitted to give credit for bills drawn on England on account of Debt , on a supposition , that the payment of debt not contracted by lord Wellesley , ought not to be charged in the accounts of his administration ; but the omission would not be warranted on this ground , because , in the question of accounts between India and England , the only fair way was , to charge all that was paid , and credit all that was received . The hon . general said , the bills drawn for the payment of Debt had been credited for ; but admitted , that his statements did not give credit for the political charges defrayed by the Company in England ; which , with the other payments made there on account of the territorial possessions , would , in a great degree , account for the balance which the hon . general thought chargeable to the commerce . At the same times , Mr. Grant expressed his willingness , that a very strict scrutiny should be made into the state of account between the revenue and the commerce , as far as it was possible to separate them , in order that this question might be determined and set at rest—As to the prospect of future revenue and savings , which the hon . general bad stated , and which another hon . gent . ( Mr. Keene ) carried much higher , Mr. Grant observed , that taking credit for future expectations was not the most satis- 1200 factory way of compensating for the past . Hitherto , the recently-conquered provinces were not even estimated to produce beyond trifle more than the disbursements incurred on account of them ; —provinces which had cost so much blood and treasure in the acquisition . Calculations founded on future receipts of revenue must be liable to uncertainty ; and the surest dependence was , that of retrenching expence . said , that his object , in interrogating the noble lord ( Morpeth ) was , to save his trouble , and that of the house ; but , more particularly that of the noble lord , who had given a fair and accurate , however to be lamented , Budget , and was now sitting to hear the third discussion on it , left quite alone , both . by his majesty 's ministers , and such directors of the East-India Company as were members of parliament : that , by getting answers to his questions , he should see what alteration , for the better or worse , had taken place since his speech and statement , delivered in that house , June 25 , 1802 , thereon . But , however , as he did not wish to be pertinacious , as to putting questions , he should state facts : Now , in 1800 , up to the 30th of April , the India Debt was 20 millions . Out of the 6,000,000l . due on the charter ; only 500,000l . had been paid ; so that 5,500,000l . remained due to the public . In 1801 , the hon . gent . said , he had stated the East-India Company to be on the eve of bankruptcy . In 1806 , he was borne out by the uncontradicted assertion of a worthy alderman ( Prinsep ) , that it was in a state of insolvency . The difference between insolvency and bankruptcy was a distinction without a difference , and not to be argued ; and , therefore , he said , instead of the eve of bankruptcy , he considered the Company in a positive state of bankruptcy ; and soon , very soon , the noble lord and his colleagues , instead of being `` comptrollers , '' would be `` assignees , '' under a commission of bankruptcy .