. The country would have to regret the retarding of the discipline of the volunteers by the measures of the right hon . gent . If they had been permitted to have gone on , they would have been fit for any duty . said , that , in every step taken with regard to the volunteers , something was done to degrade them . He adverted to the manner in which the volunteers had at first come forward , and thought that they deserved to be complimented instead of being degraded . approved of the bill , and thought that serious mischief would arise in the moment of services unless its provisions were adopted . It would then be proper that the volunteers should be commanded by those who had never seen service . An hon . general had talked of the guards , but they had commanded up to their rank in the army , and no inconvenience arose from this circumstance . could not imagine it to be seriously meant , that officers ranking as colonels of Volunteers could take any offence at being , in case of actual service , obliged to act under the command of officers in the line of inferior rank . Field-officers of volunteers might be very respectable men , and very worthy characters , but then they were not military men in the technical sense of the word ; and , of course , could not be competent to take a superior command of troops in actual 1042 service , over the heads of men , who had devoted their . whole lives to the military profession , and-were radically and experimentally instructed in the profession of arms . Would any gentleman , who happened to be on board a man of war , or who held an employment of high rank in the civil department of the navy , take offence because he was not thought competent to take the command of a ship or squadron , in preference to a sailor regularly bred to the profession ? Would any gentleman of the highest academic attainments , and political experience , take offence at being thought incompetent to assume the post of a law officer of the crown ? In a word , could any man , not bred to a particular profession , feel himself offended at being thought less competent to take a lead in that profession , than a man who had been regularly bred to it ? And yet this was the kind of circumstance , at which , in every other case , it would be absurd and ridiculous to conceive offence , which was now termed an insult to the officers of volunteers , without considering that such an arrangement as that contended for , in case of actual danger , might be attended with the very worst consequences , even under the command of the most valiant field-officer of volunteers , that that branch of the service could possibly afford . Courage and zeal formed only one part of the qualification for command ; experience and technical knowledge were , to the full , as necessary . The worthy alderman was ready to admit it was very right that the principle should be adopted with volunteer field-officers to be hereafter appointed ; but .that the alteration might not take place in respect to those already appointed . Why then , if it was right it should never be done hereafter surely it would have been equally right if the thing had never been done . In admitting the former principle , gentlemen acknowledged the latter ; and , therefore , it was better , even late , to correct an error , which was admitted to be one , before any mischief accrued from it . An hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) had assumed a good deal of merriment upon a former occasion , on the circumstance of his ( Mr. Windham 's ) having procured himself a colonel 's command of volunteers in a corps without any other officers ; but this , like many other of