. This was a measure of a most compulsory nature , and yet , notwithstanding this , the effect was , that it did not altogether attain its object , while it very materially injured the ordinary recruiting service . Then came the Army of Reserve act , with the same compulsion , and in the same form , with this aggravation , that the penalty was raised from 10l . to 20l . a man . Now , this measure was not adopted merely in preference to the militia . The right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Yorke ) had indeed said , that this would have the additional advantage of providing men for the regular army ; but still it was not adopted on that account , but because the former measure had failed . He would not say that this Army of Reserve act had totally and completely failed . It certainly did do something , the effects of which we experienced at this moment . But yet it fell considerably short of what it was intended to produce , and then it was at an end . It went as far as it could , and indeed it did not even profess to be a permanent measure . It advanced to a certain point , and there it stopped . The ballot was perfectly worn out , and could do no more till a certain interval had expired . There we were left when the Additional Force act came into operation . Now , he would not say of the authors of that scheme what had been . said of the present , that it was brought forward because the administration stood pledged to bring forward something , though certainly , if a pledge could be supposed in either case , it was much stronger in their case than in ours ; for the former administration had been removed on the pretence or the inefficiency of their military mea- 424 sures . But we were said to be guilty of adhering to our former opinions , and put in mind that we were now the sworn servants of the crown , and therefore that we ought to set aside our former notions , and adopt others . But the right hon . gent . was not the sworn servant of the crown , and yet he claimed the privilege of not adhering to his former opinions . This might be very well , but consistency was more necessary in our case than in his , where the witness was not sworn [ a laugh ] ! Now , on the principle stated by the right hon . gent. , however , we were not pledged to any thing ; but the former administration certainly was pledged to do something ; and indeed the scheme with which they came forward looked very like one which had been rashly framed , without touch consideration . He mentioned this , not with the view at present of entering into an investigation of the nature of that scheme , but merely with a view to spew that that administration properly enough considered themselves as pledged to do something—they must either go backwards or forwards ; as the former measure was at an end . They must either have resorted to the ordinary recruiting , backed by such aids as must make it more productive , or they must have found out some original scheme , as they in fact did . And it was rather a whimsical thing that the gentlemen on the other side argued , that , if this measure was not continued , something ought to be substituted in its stead . But here they said there was nothing . This was very odd . Was there not the ordinary recruiting ? `` Yes , '' said they , `` but then that is nothing ; and therefore if you take away this measure , you leave nothing . '' Why , you left the original foundation clear , and had the old mode of recruiting . This was something ; that it