, he , as a volunteer field officer himself , considered that bill as a boon , and he had no doubt it would be generally considered by volunteer officers as a favour , as , with all that zeal and spirit which they would doubtless evince in the hour of danger , they could not , from want of experience , feel themselves adequate to the command of large bodies of troops . expressed his entire disapprobation of the bill , which he conceived to be subversive of the constitution of the militia . contended that the former declaration of the legislature , that the pay of the militia officers should . be the same as that of the line , could only apply to the then pay of the regular army , and not to any future augmentation . Those noble lords who conceived that this augmentation ought to be extended equally to the militia , might use that as an argument against the bill , but it never could be maintained that the not extending to that force an increase of pay , granted under special circumstances to the regular army , was subversive of the constitution of the militia . opposed the . bill . He thought the measures brought forward by ministers were not exactly in unison with 1251 their professions of regard for the militia and volunteers.—The house then divided on the question , that the word `` How '' .stand part of the motion . For reading the bill a third time . Contents 13 ; Not contents 8.—Majority 5 . On our readmission , we found the Earl of Westmoreland on his legs , speaking on the question for reading the same Bill a third time . His lordship expressed his disapprobation generally of the measures which had been brought forward Joy ministers , and considered his own honour and character , as well as that of those with whom he recently acted , involved in his opposition to them.—The bill was then read a third time and passed . On the question for going into a committee on the Public Harbours bill . complained that a bill of this importance had been brought forward at so late a period of the session . It . appeared to him likely to be mischievous in its operation , as it tended to prevent persons having property on the banks of navigable rivers , as far as the tide flowed , from making the least improvement on their estates without giving notice to the secretary of the Admiralty . The penalty for not giving this notice was 200l . and many persons might thus be entrapped without being at all aware of the nature of the law . He thought it would in many cases be useless as to the interests of the pubiic , and ' instanced the river Shannon , in Ireland , where the tide flowed a mile higher than vessels of any burden could come up , yet this bill would equally operate in that part of the river where it could not be of the least use . said the bill had been brought forward as soon as the grievance to which it applied was known ; and it was a measure which he contended was highly necessary in order to preserve our public harbours and navigable rivers from obstructions . It was merely required of the Person making any embankment or other work in the situations mentioned , to send notice to the secretary of the Admiralty , which could be but a very trivial hardship . Many other rivers might be in the situation of the Shannon , where the tide flowed higher than vessels of any burden could navigate , but it was , notwithstanding , important to prevent obstructions in those parts of such rivers , in order to prevent the navigable parts of those rivers from being ultimately injured.—The bill then passed through the committee , and was reported . On the motion of Mr. Creevy , new writs were ordered for the election of a member for Seaford , in the room of