the year 1801 , the revenue was 2,345,000l . in 1802 , 3,254,000l in 1803 , which was a remarkably unproductive year , and which the rt . hon . gent . had selected for the purpose of his comparison , it was only 2,741,000l . which was 500,000l . less than the preceding year ; and in 1804 , with all the rt . hon . gent 's additional taxes , it was 3,220,0001. ; and last year , 3,322,000l . The year 1802 , was a year of peace and internal tranquillity in Ireland , and in that year the revenue was within 70,000l . as high as it was last year , after the rt . hon . gent . had imposed taxes to the amount of 1,200,000l . a year . Another reason which operated on his mind was , that he had seen the failure of the rt . hon . gent. , who , in some instances , by very much increasing the tax , had actually diminished the revenue . This was the case with the duties upon Wine and Tobacco . Under all these circumstances , the house would , he was sure , consider him as justified for not having followed the advice of the rt . hon . gent . He was ready , however , to do the rt . hon . gent . justice ; he certainly had projected regulations which would have very much improved the revenue ; these regulations it was his intention to follow up , and he had no doubt that when the revenue of Ireland was collected in a fair and proper manner ; when the collection was assimilated , as far as possible , to the collection of the revenue of this country , it would be found infinitely more productive . Until these exertions were made , he did not feel himself justified in calling for new taxes , when not above two-thirds of those now imposed were collected . said , he trusted the house would indulge him with a few observations upon what had fallen from the rt . hon . gent . opposite to him . The tendency of the observations of the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) 60 was to make the house believe that when be came into office he had found the revenue at 2,700,000l . and that he had added taxes to the amount of 1,200,000l . a year to it . It was true , that in 1803 , the year before the rt . hon . gent . came into office , the revenue of Ireland was only 2,750,000l . but that was a year in which , from obvious causes , the revenue had failed very considerably . The year before that the revenue was three millions and a quarter , and within 70,000l . as much as it was last year , with all the rt.hon . gent 's , new taxes . He trusted the house would forgive him for taking up their time , but the rt . hon . gent . was so much in the habit of making these statements , certainly not intentionally , that he felt himself called upon to state the real facts . With respect to the raising the supplies as far as possible within the year , it certainly was desirable if it could be done ; but the rt . hon . gent . who had not done it himself , had no right to call upon the present chancellor of the exchequer to do it . When he ( Mr. Corry ) was chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , he had prepared a very strong measure for raising a considerable part of the supply within the year , and , if he had remained in office , he should certainly have submitted it to parliament ; and his opinion and his plan , upon that point , remained upon record in the office . With respect to this duty upon Sugar , he begged to make one observation , and it appeared to