supply of force to defend the country in the hour of danger , did not begin to produce any effect in less than 18 months . But this bill , instead of having any beneficial effect whatever was full of confusion , created great inconvenience , might produce great oppression , and had already done much injury to the service it was intended to promote—the recruiting service of the army ; and it was singular enough that the very advantage which the friends of the bill now proposed by its continuance , was to arise from enlarging the districts in which the parish officers were to act under it , which was absolutely abandoning the principle of the bill ; for the principle was that of availing ourselves of local advantages . Men were supposed to be raised in considerable numbers in a district , because they were told that they were to act together , and be commanded by those whom they knew ; and now the officers were to travel out of those districts , and abandon all these advantages . Such was the measure which was defended by those 24 who were so much at enmity with wild and fanciful theories , and sentimental projects ! In a word , the parish bill was now defended upon arguments that were utterly subversive of the principles on which the bill itself was founded . He was glad the house had been referred to the calculation of the produce of the bill . He had followed the advice of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , by looking at them , and he should detail some of them to the house , although the noble lord , prudently for his argument , had abstained from it . The system of recruiting was here to be found by the various returns which had been made under this bill , but they all sung the same note . This recruiting was carried on under the employment of agents , for he would not call them crimps ( a laugh ) . This occasioned additional bounty to be paid by the parishes , a thing intended to have been prevented by the bill , so that to continue the bill at all , not only the worst part of it should be put most in force , but that must be done also which the bill itself was intended by its framers to prevent . So much for the principle of the bill , which had been attempted to-day , not by the noble lord , but by the hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last , to be supported by considering other matters which were unconnected with it ; the learned gent . had dilated on topics , the adoption or rejection of which had concern with this bill ; for the parish bill might justly be repealed though no other military system should be adopted in its stead ; the Volunteers or any other part of our military system would remain where it stood after the repeal of this bill . As to the levy en masse , of which the learned gent . had spoken , that was a measure the adoption or rejection of which would remain as entire after the repeal of this bill as at the present moment . It then might be asked , what substitution was to be had for the parish bill ? to which his answer was , that the only substitution for tile parish bill , or the Additional Force bill as it was called , was the repeal of it , because it had about it evils for which a repeal was the only remedy . Getting rid of the bill was only getting rid of a loss . But there came an extraordinary personal argument against his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) . It was to be observed that his rt . hon . friend had several points to bring forward in his military system , on which a variety of opinions might arise , on the levy en masse , or on the