for its suspension . gave the bill his most hearty sport . He congratulated their lordships on this measure being brought before them . He had opposed the 282 additional force act , on its introduction as a bill into that house ; so well was he convinced of its inefficacy as to the raising of men , and also of the vexatious tendency of its provisions . If no other plan were to be substituted in its place , he should still feel himself bound to give his vote for the abolition of a system at once so nugatory and unjust . said , that if there was any thing in the bill before their lordships , which particularly called for his opposition , it was the abandonment of the principle of he act it proposed to repeal . If it was an insulated measure , he possibly might be induced to relinquish his objections ; but when it was notorious that it was brought forward as part of a system , he could not , until the whole of that system was before the house , be induced to give his vote in favour of it . Why did not the noble lords , who were so anxious now to disconnect it with any other measures , and discuss it on its own merits , bring it forward 3 months ago , when they first came into office ? His lordship next adverted to the different parts of that system , as embracing the volunteer force , the militia , and the army , and deprecated any change in the practice of ballot , or in the usual terms of military enlistment . He earnestly entreated ministers to pause before they gave sanction to an experiment , which in its developement might effect the complete destruction of the present army . He trusted that if they did persevere in it , it would be so modified as to remove the great and manifold dangers which would inevitably result from it . The military establishment , he contended , was greater by 25,000 men than at any period of our history ; and at no period , had such efforts been made for increasing the regular force , as during that administration of which he formed a part , and of which a noble viscount was at the head , when no less than a disposable force of 50,000 men had been created , in the course of a few months . said he thought , that the Additional Force bill contained the greatest mass of absurdities he had ever known . It had not produced any men but by means of the illegal mode of putting it into execution . He therefore should support the second reading of the bill before the house . replied , and observed that , allowing every possible merit and efficiency to the army of reserve act , he could 283 not approve of its revival , as it would be attended with the former grievance of a revival of the high bounties . stated , that his chief reason for voting against the additional force act was its extreme injustice . Had it produced twenty times the number of men it did , his objections to it on that ground would still exist . would vote against the act , conceiving it to be unequal , and inefficient ; but would not pledge himself to support the rest of the intended military plan.—The house then divided on the motion that the bill be now read a second time . presented a petition from the maltsters of Hertfordshire , against certain provisions in the act of the 43d of the King.—Ordered , on the motion of lord Morpeth , that there be laid before the house , an Account of the Estimate of the probable amount of the revenues and charges of India for the year 1805–6 , so far as the same can be made out ; together with the interest of the debt , and the expenses of the government of St. Helena and the Prince of Wales 's Island.—Sir J.