parish whatever expence it might be put to by persons educated in the institution , who , though they should obtain a legal settlement , might even 40 years hence become a charge upon the parish . The clause Was negatived without a division . contended for the right of the rector to nominate , or at least to controul , the appointment of the preacher or lecturer in chapels of ease within his rectory , of which description he conceived the chapel of the Philanthropic Society to be , although annexed to a public charity : for it was not confined as a private chapel , for the mere use of the institution , but executed upon a spacious and superb scale , 858 obviously opened for a general congregation of the parishioners , and calculated to entice away the regular congregation from the parish church , with an obvious purpose of creating revenue , and of trenching upon the parochial rights of the rector . He took occasion to allude to similar chapels attached to the Asylum , Foundling Hospital , and other public charities , for similar purposes , and the attraction of fashionable and enthusiastic auditors by musical performances , and by a complete departure , on the part of the preacher , from the sober piety , and decorous manner of preaching in the established church : and the adoption of a new-fashioned dramatic style of pulpit-eloquence , addressed to the fancy and imagination , rather than to the heart or understanding , and calculated more to catch the fervor of the enthusiast by high-fraught pictures of the horrors of a death-bed , or the joys or torments of a future state , than by promulgating the truth of the Gospel , to excite to that so lemn and rational piety and devotion , which are so much the characteristics of the established church ; and if parliament should be induced to countenance such a system , independant of the controul of the lawful pastor of the parish , the consequence would be , that every year numbers of those chapels would start up in every part of the metropolis and its vicinity , and the parish churches be deserted by more than half their congregations , to follow those new , LIGHTS . He could not therefore consent to so unlawful art infringement upon the rights of the regular church establishment ; and he concluded , by moving an amendment , the object of which was , that the rector of St. George the Martyr should have the power of nominating to the appointment of chaplain to this chapel , or , at least , of a negative upon any appointment made without his consent , in order that he might be enabled to secure for the institution the appointment of a clergyman of the established church . observed , that the hon . and learned gent . seemed to have widely mistaken , and certainly he had widely misstated , he must presume , from misinformation , the facts of this case . This chapel Was not erected with a principal view to revenue , but was certainly built on such a scale , as to accommodate a number of other children , besides those of the institution , who could not find accommo- 859 dation in the parish church . He felt that he should be but a feeble antagonist indeed to the hon . and learned gent. , if he presumed to contend with him upon ecclesiastical law ; but there was one thing he would not find on his books , namely , that chapels of this sort , attached to charitable institutions , and built by charitable contributions , could , by any possibility , come under the description of chapels of ease to the parish church . Such chapels were mostly , if not entirely , of Very modern erection , and not very usual , until long after the law allowing chapels of ease was passed . This chapel was not built at the parish expence , nor was any part of the costs of its establishment