and required almost immediate repair , during the administration of the noble earl ; some of them were built for mere experiment , and in so insufficient a manner , that they soon fell into ruin and disuse . He particularly alluded to the Ajax , which , soon after she was built , required repairs ; her bottom , and all other parts , being completely rotten . He was proceeding to state some calculalations , from , written papers ; when chair ! chair ! was loudly called . wished to be instructed by the house , whether it could be permitted to a member to read written speeches in that house ? observed , that when an hon . member had to state facts from intricate calculation , it was generally usual to refer to any notes he might have made upon the subject . If this practice was to be disallowed , it would certainly curtail the proceedings of the house to a very narrow compass . said , that what the hon . gent . was reading was not any thing like what was called notes ; it was a written discourse . If this practice should prevail , members might read speeches that were written by other people , and the time of the house be taken up in considering the arguments of persons who were not deserving of their attention . observed , that the paper read by the hon . member , appeared to him to be a written argument ; he thought the house was not in the habit of receiving such , and therefore felt it his duty to interfere . answered , that , although he admitted the paper was not his own handwriting , yet it was copied from his writing , by his directions . After a few observations , the hon . gent . concluded with expressing his confidence , that he had fully made out his charge against the noble earl.—The question for referring the papers to a committee was then put , and negatived without a division . then rose , and said , that if the hon . gent . had brought forward his charge in any tangible shape , which could be brought into question , he should have contented himself with moving , that the charge was frivolous and vexatious ; but the hon . gent . had been extremely cautious , and had declined to bring forward his motions either in the house , or in the committee which he moved for . He had moved , indeed , for a committee to consider those resolutions , but never stated that it was his intention to proceed further in his charge . As to the charge itself , he did not hesitate to pronounce it frivolous and vexatious , and he thought the house had , by the vote they had just given , pronounced it void of foundation . Under these circumstances , it appeared to him , that it would be right to do what the house had often done on 209 similar occasions , by expressing their approbation of the conduct of that noble person , who had been so unjustly attacked . He remembered , when an accusation was brought in that house against admiral Keppel , no sooner was the accusation rejected , than the house by their vote expressed their approbation of his conduct . It had been also done , when a charge was brought by general Burgoyne against the late lord Clive , and he believed he could mention other instances which would shew that his motion was conformable to precedent , and the usage of the house . It had been said by the hon . gent. , that he was in the habit of making extravagant encomiums on that noble lord . He had only expressed what he felt , a most sincere respect for the character of the noble earl , and particularly for the zeal and activity he had displayed in the discovery and reformation of abuses . He concluded by moving , `` That it appears to