provision as bearing hard upon the creditor , might argue for its modification and amendment ; and in a discussion of this kind he should cheerfully contribute every assistance in his power declared , that if any person conceived him hostile to the prayer of the petition of the unfortunate debtor , he was much Mistaken in the individual who then had the honour to address their lordships . On the contrary , he had sometimes supported , and sometimes opposed measures of this kind , according to circumstances , in both houses of parliament . On one occasion he had introduced a bill of a similar nature , whilst a member of the other house ; but acquired experience had convinced him of their injurious tendency and effects . He agreed in the necessity of some permanent measure on the subject , and thought the remaining time of some professional man , who had retired from the active duties of the profession , could not be better employed , than in studying the principles and the present regulations respecting debtor and creditor ; and devising some certain and permanent system of procedure . One great consideration was , that some general rule should be adopted , in order that the creditor may know what , in his dealings , with respect to giving credit , he had really to depend upon . When he looked at the 152 situation of the unfortunate debtor , no man could feel more compassion than he did ; and sorry should he be , were he instrumental in gratifying any feeling of revenge . But , when he considered the general interest of the empire , and its commercial relation , he must avowedly declare his hostility to such frequent acts of relief : they sapped the very principle of credit , and , too often , forced the creditors of those very debtors , so released , into those prisons which they had left . For what did the preamble set forth. ? That this very bill , so introduced , was in direct opposition to the interests of trade and credit , and solely referring for its support to the crowded state of the prisons ; a false principle in any point of view , especially so in a commercial country ; to him it appeared monstrous . In his opinion , the question amounted exactly to this : Was that legislature , which had pointed out to the creditor the means of enforcing the payment of his claims , to say to that creditor , Now that you have pursued the steps , and adopted the measures recommended by us , ( after having acted under the protection , and under the confidence of those laws which tended to secure to him the payment of what was due to him , ) without your consent , we will oblige you to liberate your debtor , without the least liquidation of your demand . It would cost their lordships no money to free such debtor from his debts ; and the consequence of such a measure might be , that against the next Insolvent act the former creditor would endeavour to take the benefit of it himself . With respect to the effect of the Bankrupt laws , alluded to by the noble , lord who spoke last , there were some considerations as comparative of these laws of creditor and debtor referred to by the bill , which seemed to be overlooked . The merchant , or opulent trader , or even the petty trader , can not experience the protection of these laws without the consent of a certain number of his creditors ; and , in the mean time , he might be kept in prison at the suit of any one of them , till a dividend was made of his property : indeed , though one creditor may select the estate , another may detain the person of the debtor as a satisfaction for his demand . In saying this , he did not mean to speak in approbation of that part of the code alluded