suggestion of the person who brought forward the motion , that the affairs of India were in a deranged and delicate situation . If the affairs of India were in this unsettled state that been described , it would certainly not add much to the means of tranquillizing them , to bring forward discussions of this nature in parliament . As to the resolution that was then submitted to the house , not a single word had been said in support of it . He did not , however , mean to rest upon a captious objection , but would come at once to the consideration of the second resolution , respecting the recall of sir G. Barlow , which was , in fact , the point upon which the discussion must turn . Upon this subject the noble viscount had not , in his opinion , laid any plausible grounds for the production of the correspondence for which he moved . It was not enough to say that such correspondence must be known by this man 's child , or that man 's servant ; the real question was , whether that correspondence was of a nature that was proper to lay before parliament . It was not until near the conclusion of the speech of the noble lord , that he heard him say something about restoring tranquillity in India , retrenching unnecessary expenditure , and savings in the finances ; and therefore he should direct the principal part of his answer to what he conceived to be the most serious part of the speech , that which relates to the recall of sir G. Barlow . Without discussing the reasons which induced his majesty 's ministers to recommend the recall of sir G. Barlow , he must state , that he was much surprized at the only remedy which the noble lord proposed for what he complained of , and which was merely that sir G. Barlow should be continued six mouths longer . What could be the reason for this recommendation ? When in the course of the six months he should do what the noble lord said it was impossible for him to do ; when he should have remained so much longer under those difficulties , which ( as was stated must completely weigh him down , then the noble lord himself would be ready to acquiesce in Ins recall . The noble lord had insinuated that there was some intemperance in the letters from his majesty 's ministers upon this subject . This was a charge , however , which he must utterly . deny . He did not know on what grounds the noble viscount could presume to impute , that the object of his majesty 's ministers , in advising the mead of sir G. Barlow , was merely dictated by the wish to extend their 958 patronage . If there was any fixed principle which his majesty 's ministers felt should for ever govern their conduct with respect to India , it was this : that between his majesty 's ministers and the court of directors there should be a spirit of mutual conciliation and co-operation , that each should endeavour to understand the other , and that they should act together for one common object , the good of the countries which were committed to their government . Nothing could so much tend to break this harmony , as to bring forward , for parliamentary discussion , the various correspondence which passed between them . The noble viscount had supposed a case of the court of directors and board of controul acting at cross purposes , and only impeding one another . This was certainly a possible case , but it was by no means a probable one . As for those mutual checks and controuls , the history and the analogy of the constitution of this country proved that they might subsist without at all impeding public business . The constitution of the country was altogether a system of checks and balances , and yet it was found that those mutual checks contributed materially to the benefit of