to the duke of Marlborough ; for , independently of the 5000l . a year , settled upon that illustrious person , no less than 7 manors were granted to him by the crown . The palace of Blenheim was , also , built for him at the public expence . Queen Anne had this building commenced ; but the tory administration , towards the close of her reign , thought proper , most unworthily , to prevent its proceeding . Upon the accession , however , of George I . 42,000l . which were found remaining due to the workmen employed during the former reign , were paid , pursuant to an act of parliament , and the building was proceeded upon to its completion . The right hon . gent . added , that he understood , from the executors of Sarah duchess of Marlborough , that no less than 500,000l . were laid out , from the public purse , for the buildings at Blenheim . But was the hon . col. when he made the comparison alluded to , aware of the amount of the revenue possessed by the duke of Marlborough , at the time the pension was granted him ? his grace then had , from the salaries and perquisites of various offices , no less than 40,000l . a year . Could it , then , be pretended , that there was any parallel between the case of the duke of Marlborough and that of lord Nelson ? The one had an immense fortune , which devolved upon his family ; while , unfortunately , the other was in very different circumstances . The splendid services of lord Nelson were not productive to him of any pecuniary profits . No ; for prize-money , his receipts were insignificant . His proportion of prize-money , ever at the splendid battle of the Nile , was no more than 3090l . ; and this , from particular circumstances , was less than the sum which fell to the lot of many of his captains . Indeed , the fortune of this distinguished hero was much less than could at all be supposed by any one unacquainted with the fact . For , he could say , and it was , now , no breach of confidence to state it , that , in the course of some communica- 1150 tion which he bad with lord Nelson , the very day before he last sailed from England , the noble lord told him , that all the property he had in the world did not exceed , at the utmost , 15,000l . ; and that his debts nearly amounted to that sum . When one , then , considered the nature of the noble lord 's services to this country , which , without meaning to depreciate the merit of Any officer , he had no hesitation in saying , were far greater than those of any other officer the country had ever known , great even as the services of the duke of Marlborough Were ; having that impression upon his mind , an impression , indeed , which was , as it ought to be , universally prevalent , the right hon . gent . was surprised at the opposition made to a measure which proposed to grant merely sufficient to support the rank , dignity , and name , of this illustrious man . The right hon . gent . repeated that , if the committee would compare the sums allowed to the duke of Marlborough , with that under consideration , he was sure that all objections must disappear . rose and said : The public part I have already taken , on the subject of this grant , obliges me to say a few words on the present occasion . It does not appear to me , that the hon . gent . ( col. Wood ) , who objects to the motion , has been convicted of any mistake . With respect to the grants successively made to the duke of Marlborough , you must observe the dates ,