to the country . He then stated the case in nearly the same terms as he did on a former occasion , when moving for the committee to consider the petition . In the year 1800 , when the scarcity was so great , it was suggested to the committee of provisions , that a large supply of herrings might begot for this country and our colonies from Sweden . Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie undertook the business , and a bill was passed to permit the importation free of duty . About a fortnight after the bill passed , in consequence of the dispute with the Northern powers , an embargo was laid on Swedish vessels ; and the effect of this . was , that the adventure totally failed , for 249 government had not granted protections for importing the herrings , though they had been purchased . An immense loss was incurred ; and it was under these circumstances that compensation was required . The loss was proved by sufficient vouchers . But it was said , that the loss might have been incurred though there had been no embargo , and that these merchants had the monopoly of this business , and that the chance of great profit ought to be set off against the loss . He contended , that the loss would not have been incurred , had it not been for the embargo ; and that the merchants had not the monopoly of the business , for that the transaction was perfectly known to the public , and any one might have engaged in it . As to the treasury minute that had been drawn up , before the case had been referred to a committee , and as the minister of the day had agreed to refer the matter to a committee , this was a proof that he had formed no decided opinion upon it . These merchants had certainly calculated on a reasonable profit , about 1200l . on a capital of 30,000l . He only wanted for them , however , the difference between the money laid out of their pockets , and that received into them , To this , even on the principles stated in the treasury minute , they were entitled , as the transaction was such as imposed an implied pledge , that the parties would be indemnified against any loss from such a cause as this . He concluded by moving , `` That the report of the committee on the petition , should be referred to the committee of supply , with a view to move there for a sum of 30,000l . as an indemnity to Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie . '' as he only meant to propose a less sum , would not oppose the speaker 's leaving the chair . asked the hon . gent. , whether it would be proper to go on when the house was so thin ; for , as there were differences of opinion , he might find himself in a minority . complained that this question , if it was to be asked at all , had not been asked before he had made his statement . expressed his wish , that the business should be deferred . said , that something ought to be granted ; but 30,000l . was by far too much.—After a few words from Mr. Vansittart , Mr. Long , and Mr. W. Smith , the motion was withdrawn , and a notice given for bringing forward the affair on Monday . 250 —The Speaker having left the chair , the house went into a committee of supply ; and on the consideration of his majesty 's message , it was resolved , that a grant of 10,000l . should be made for the establishment of the present earl Nelson ; 90,000l . to be vested in trustees , for the purchase of a house and estate for the said earl and his heirs ; and 20,000l . to be vested in trustees for the use of the two sisters of the late viscount Nelson . The house resumed ,