, regardless of any risk to which their popularity might be exposed : nor did any man , in his mind , deserve the name of statesman , who would not , under such circumstances , firmly adhere to this principle . On the contrary , that minister who would abandon it under such circumstances , would swerve from his duty , and act the part of fool and a coward . In times like these , they ought not to temporise . If they were to be content to go on from day to day , from expedient to expedient , trusting to chance , and consulting every fluctuation of popular opinion , their task would be easy . The course was before them , like virtue and pleasure in the Grecian writer : the path , to which the one led , arduous and difficult ; the other , smooth and easy . But , if they wished to be really useful to their country , they must often risk both their power and their popularity . Holding a firm and systematic attention to public good , they might sometimes find it necessary to act against the momentary influence of both ; but , if they hesitated to do so , they would be political cowards . They would violate their duty , both as the servants of the crown , and as members of parliament , if they were deferred , by such considerations , from giving their opinions , and pursuing what they , thought right . after apologising for an attempt to trespass on the house at so advanced an hour , promised to do it very briefly , and to confine himself to the question : in doing this , it would be impossible for him to follow the right hon . gent . through the wide and desultory field of argument he had adopted . To some points of his speech , however , it would be necessary to advert . Nobody , at least that he had heard , had made any such assertion , as that it was not necessary to increase the army . The question was not about the necessity of increase , but the mode of effecting it ; and the point now for the house to consider was , whether the measure proposed was not much more likely to diminish than to increase the public force , Such was the effect , however , which , he was convinced , it was most likely to have . 479 He was glad to hear from the right hon . gent , such a declaration as , that it was necessary , even in time of peace , to keep up a considerable force , under the existing circumstances of this country and of Europe , considering the kind of enemy with whom we had to contend ; and he was the more glad to hear this declaration , because it was so diametrically opposite to an opinion formerly declared by the same right hon . gent. , who said that our army ought to be reduced to the lowest possible peace establishment ; and that we ought to consider Buonaparte merely as a rival in commerce . He complained much of the predicament , into which the introduction of the proposed measure into a mutiny bill would throw the legislature , .as by the introduction of a clause , having for its object the disposal of public money , if the other house of parliament should exercise a privilege with that clause , which they had been often it , the habit of assuming , the inevitable consequences would be , that the bill would be thrown out by this house , the existing Mutiny bill would expire , and the army of the country be , de facto , disbanded . The house , then , was pushed to the unfair alternative , of either adopting those propositions without discussion , or , in taking time to discuss them properly , incur the risk of disbanding the army . He was , therefore , of opinion ,