he should be under the necessity of troubling the rt . hon . gent . and the house with hearing the absurdity and inapplicability of both meanings . From the hon . gent . 's refusing to answer , as he perceived he intended to do , he however drew this consolation , that it was not his own peculiar stupidity and dulness which prevented him from understanding it , that he was not the only gentleman that was puzzled with it ; and , indeed , there was no longer any wonder that the words failed to convey any precise meaning , for that there never had been any precise meaning to be conveyed , and that the right hon . gent . was as much at a loss to tell him what his own meaning was , as he was at a loss to find it out from his words . Being compelled therefore to examine the effect of the amendment , supposing it to have either of the two meanings ; he would , he said , first take it upon the supposition that the money must have been voted by parliament for the execution of the king 's order , 629 previous to the soldier 's enlistment , in order to give him his title to the pension under it . Then it would be obvious , first , that if the soldier enlisted under an order for the execution of which no money had at that time been voted , the soldier , though induced to enlist under the beneficial terms which the order held out to him , so far from having any title to allowance which he could enforce at law , he would , under this act , have no title at all ; and . it would have been his folly to have trusted to the order before it had that ratification , and instead of being more secure , he would be actually deluded by it . But then it might be said that would only operate during the interval till the money should be voted ; true , he said ; but then he asked what was the use of this act of parliament , for without this act of parliament the king undoubtedly might issue an order , and not attempting to act upon it till he submitted it to parliament , if parliament adopted it , it would then be binding ; but evidently , both in one case and the other , the binding effect of it would be equally derived from the subsequent ratification of parliament , and this act therefore would do nothing , In the next place , to consider it on the supposition that the subsequent vote of parliament should have a retrospective operation , and give validity to the king 's prior order , so as to cover the intermediate enlistment of any soldier , and which , he said , he certainly should have thought must have been the right hon . gent . 's meaning , if he had not seemed to have so much difficulty in telling him so ; upon that supposition , he said , it was obvious that the last observation applies equally to an order so depending as to its validity , upon the subsequent ratification of parliament ; with this increased objection , that in the mean time the soldier who was enlisted would be so far from being better secured in his title to his future pension , that if he had rested solely on the king 's engagement without any act of parliament , that he would be less secure ; if he had trusted to the king 's promise contained in his order , he would have trusted to that which in no experience had ever been known to fail the soldier . But if he enlists under an order , winch professing not to be valid till it is subsequently ratified , he will have no right to complain if parliament does not ratify it ; and this he contended was unanswerably clear , unless the right hon .