the house had been always told to consider not by itself , but as coupled with the provisions and regulations of the Chelsea bill . The provisions and regulations were then in blank only ; but there was at least the promise Which the blanks to be filled up afforded , that something was to be provided , that something was to be enacted by way of regulation , of which parliament was to have cognizance , and upon which it was freely to exercise its judgment . Of course there was no possibility of exercising that judgment till the precise nature of these provisions was known : and this could only be learnt in the committee , where the blanks were to become speaking and substantive clauses . To the committee , therefore , the bill went , without any opposition ; pro forma , as the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) assured them , that is as he understood it , in order to be made perfect and intelligible in its then existing shape . But in the committee , the amendments , so far from being formal , turned out to be no less than a total alteration of the whole bill—an alteration so total and radical , that upon comparing the bill as it came out of the committee with that which was referred there , it was hardly possible to trace a resemblance between them ! He really had thought when this new bill was put into his hands , that the person who gave it him must have made some gross mistake ; and as he understood that there was a committee sitting up stairs upon a bill for regulating the Chelsea waterworks bill , that by the error of the name Chelsea , the water-works must have been imposed upon the right hon . gentleman instead of his own , and that all his own clauses might be now in the hands of the water works committee . The right hon . gent . however , seemed contented to adopt the present bill ; so there could be no such 642 mistake about it . He was then reduced to the necessity of believing that the right honourable gentleman had , by the use of his own reflection , become so convinced of the absurdity of his bill , as originally brought in , that finding no opposition made from this side of the house , he had gone into the committee and opposed it there himself , and shewing the folly of all his own provisions , had been able to persuade the committee to strike them out . But this was a little hard upon the house . They were induced to vote the clause in the mutiny act , under a promise that the Chelsea bill should contain the specific regulations by which the principle of that clause should operate . So long as the Mutiny bill was under discussion , the phantom of a bill full of regulations was danced before their eyes , and they were led on by the expectation of seeing it assume a perfect and substantive existence . But no sooner is the mutiny act passed , than this delusion is withdrawn ; and instead of specific regulations or provisions , the house is presented with a bill , which is in fact one great blank , or what is worse still , one undiscriminating enactment of unbounded confidence in his majesty 's ministers . And in the mean time , by this mode of proceeding , discussion is made impossible , until the house have arrived at this last stage ; and in this stage all explanation is denied . The bill , he has said , contained but one enactment ; and even of that enactment the meaning was so equivocal , that while ministers denied that which his learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) affixed to it , they refused to give any construction of their own . This was the point to which he hoped and trusted the right honourable gentleman who spoke last would have addressed