baronet meant seriously to persist in the proposed duty on iron , after a similar tax had been rejected in England , on account of its impolitic pressure upon all the manufactures . of the country , and its consequent extension to the poorer classes of the community . If this was found to be a weighty consideration in England , how much more ought it to operate , when the comparative poverty of Ireland was contemplated ! This proposed duty would cause an increase of twenty per cent . in the price of iron , and prove almost ruinous to the infant manufactures of that country , as no countervailing duty was allowed on their introduction into England . A drawback was provided , in the case of the small duty of 3s . per cwt . on sugar ; and yet to countervail the much more material tax upon iron , no increase of drawback was allowed . The measure , if carried in its present shape , would defeat itself , as not a shilling of revenue would be derived from it , : as it was only calculated to produce 15,000l. , he hoped the right hon . baronet would adopt some of the many preferable means that presented themselves of raising that sum , and prevent the dissatisfaction that would ensue in Ireland , if , whilst in this ample and opulent country , the tax upon iron was abandoned as oppressive , it should be inflicted there . thought it was impossible the right hon . baronet could press the tax , as even in case of providing a sufficient countervailing duty , if the manufactures of Ireland were like those of England , the mixture of foreign with native iron would prevent its being embraced . He was sure the tax would produce nothing ; and he was also of opinion , that in estimating the duty on sugar , the right hon . gentleman had calculated upon a greater average price ( 50s . per cwt . ) than it would be found to bear . It was altogether a new and extraordinary measure , to make a provision of temporary war taxes to pay a permanent loan ; and even the provision made would fall greatly short of what it was estimated at . said , that from the observations made by the right hon . gen- 332 tleman opposite to him ( Mr. Foster ) , it might be supposed that the tax now proposed on iron was exactly similar to the duty which had been proposed on iron in this country ; but the fact was directly the reverse . This was not an excise duty ; — this was not a tax upon native iron , but on foreign iron . It was contended , that if this duty were laid on , there ought to be a countervailing duty in England . In answer to this assertion , he begged to ask , how it happened that no less than five duties had been imposed upon iron in this country , without any countervailing duty being imposed in Ireland ? These several duties amounted to no less than 2l . 10s . per ton ; and when duties to such an amount had been laid on in England without any countervailing duty in Ireland , he did not think it now fair to call for a countervailing duty in England , when a duty of 1l . 8s . was proposed in Ireland . If he had any doubt upon this subject , he was enabled to resort to the best possible assistance , for he had the right hon . gentleman 's own authority . The year before last , the right hon . gentleman had proposed an , alteration of the duties , by converting the whole into British currency , with the exception of the imports from Great Britain . Now , it was impossible to deny , that this was an alteration of the duty to the amount of 8⅓ per cent . without any countervailing duty having been proposed . Here then