point of being so ; the danger of ex parte representation would therefore be much diminished . The sooner the house had the charge in their hands , and the longer it was in their possession the better able would they be to come to proper decision upon it . saw no possible benefit to any one from printing the charge . It would be a source of much hardship to the noble lord to have it printed . Much of the evidence for the defence was not yet before the house . thought no inconvience or prejudice could arise to the noble marquis from printing the charge . There was much more reason for not printing the evidence than for not printing the charge when the evidence was printed . The probable delay of the consideration of the chore till the next session was rather a reason for printing it , that gentlemen might make themselves fully masters of the case . thought the charge ought not to be printed while the evidence was so imperfectly before the house , and when the charge could not be considered till next session . observed , that the eyes of India , and of the empire in general , were fixed upon the conduct of the house in this business . With regard to the objections urged against the publication of ex parte statements , he was surprised at the quarter from whence they proceeded . For he would ask , whether various papers and ex parte statements were not circulated by the friends of the noble marquis , though not among the public , yet among those who were to decide upon the great question to which the motion before the house referred ? considered the grounds of opposition to this motion as of a most extraordinary nature . The charges against Mr. Hastings had , it was well known , remained on the table and were printed above 18 months before they were taken into consideration ; and yet it was now argued , that the charge before the house should not be printed until the shortest possible time before the house should be called on to decide upon it . But no one attempted to argue in this way excepting those who , he had no hesitation in saying , were the avowed friends , supporters , and advocates of the noble marquis ; and would the house allow itself to be dictated to by them ? If so , there must , of course , be an end to all hopes of justice in the case . He appre- 832 hended that if the advice of the noble marquis 's connections were attended to , the day of judgement would never come , although , strange to tell , those connections were sometimes heard calling out for a speedy trial . To-night , however , their language was , that it would be absurd to think of going into any of the charges until the next session . pledged himself to this fact , that not one word had been written or printed by marquis Wellesley or his friends relating to the first charge against that noble lord . thought the charge ought not to be printed until all the evidence should be before the house . Nor would this delay be attended with any inconvenience , for he presumed that all the evidence required on both sides had already been moved for . At any rate the printing need not be deferred till the next session , for on the very last day of the session an order might be made to print and deliver papers to the members even during the time that the house was not sitting . was at a loss to conceive why the friends of marquis Wellesley were so averse from allowing this charge to be printed , when in fact there was not a single allegation contained in it which was not also contained in a paper above 10,000 copies of which had been circulated by order of the court of East India proprietors . Whatever might be the decision