measures of marquis . Wellesley 's government , both in and out of the company 's provinces , he replied , that he had not turned his mind to the subject . An objection was made to the question , so far as it related to the private opinion of the witness , by lord H. Petty , and supported by Mr. G. Johnstone , and other members . Mr. Paull abandoned that part of the question , and the witness , who had been previously ordered to withdraw , on being again brought in , stated an answer to the latter part of the objection , that so far as he knew , some of the natives thought favourably and others unfavourably of the measures.— ; It was then proposed that capt . Salmon should be called in , and a desultory conversation took place . Mr. Paull and Dr. Laurence contended , that as some of the accounts , with relation to which capt . Salmon was to be examined , had not been , thought ordered , yet presented to the house , his examination could not , in the present instance , lead to any practical or substantial effect ; and that , as there was reason to expect these accounts would without delay be laid before the house , his examination ought to be deferred till the house should be able to judge what course the examination ought to take relative to these papers . Mr. Hurst , on the contrary , moved , that capt . Salmon should be called in , and was afterwards supported by Mr. Burton , Mr. Halford , Mr. G. Johnstone , and Sir A. Wellesley , on the ground that the evidence of this gentleman was important , with a view to confirm or disprove that part of the charge which accused marquis Wellesley of fabricating fraudulent accounts , with a view to oppress the nabob . They insisted that , as capt . Salmon had prepared the estimates to which this charge related , and filled the high and confidential situation of auditor of military accounts in India , his evidence was materially necessary to enable the committee to decide , whether the fraudulent intention imputed to the marquis Wellesley in this part of the charge , had really been entertained by him , and whether any instructions to that effect had been given by hint to capt . Salmon , with respect to the estimates 801 to which the charge referred . After some further conversation , it was agreed that the witness should be called in . —Capt . Salmon was then called in and examined . The tendency of his evidence was , that the charges of the troops furnished to the nabob Vizir were made up in a manner favourable to his highness , and that it was the general instruction of lord Wellesley to make them up on principles rather favourable . He described the military administration of lord Wellesley to be highly economic , inasmuch as it was calculated to support the greatest possible number of men at the least possible expence . It was another question whether so large a force ought to be kept up.—Capt . Salmon 's examination being closed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow . presented a message from his majesty , relative to encreasing the pay of seamen , similar to that presented yesterday to the commons . His lordship said , he thought it wholly unnecessary to enter into any argument upon the subject , as all their lordships must be convinced of the utility and propriety of the measure . He should , therefore , merely move an address to his majesty , concurring in the object of his majesty 's message . The address was agreed to , and ordered to be presented to his majesty by the lords with White staves.—The Earl of Warwick rose to make some observations respecting a system of taxation which he had proposed to the late administration . The more he considered that system , the more he was