of a mansion and lands , to be annexed to the title ; that 10,000l . were to be given to earl Nelson to make such reparations or improvements therein as he should deem ne- 144 cessary , and that 10,000l . each were to be granted to his lordship 's two sisters . expressed great satisfaction at the statement of the noble lord , because he knew that nothing had been so near the heart of the noble person now no more , as some provision for those sisters . rose and said : On the merits and services of the great admiral , whom we have lost , there can be but one sentiment , of united admiration and gratitude , in this house and in this country ; and in that sentiment no man can participate more heartily and sincerely than I do . Yet even this feeling , just as it is , and powerful as it ought to be , must in some reasonable degree be subject to the regulation of other principles in particular circumstances . We live in times of great public services , and great rewards . But we ought not to forget that the times we live in have another character , which indicates other duties ; I mean the difficulties and distresses , that belong to our situation . Even in the distribution of the best deserved liberality of parliament , we ought not to forget that the present means of the country are not quite equal to all the claims , which great services may have on the public gratitude . On this principle , painful as it is to me , I can not refrain from expressing a doubt , whether one part of the proposed vote , I mean the sum of 120,000 , ( in addition to the annuity of 5000l . a year , ) may not be more , not than is due to the merit of lord Nelson ; far from it , but than can fairly be expected in circumstances , which demand economy from us , even in the exercise of our virtues . The rewards given to the earl of Chatham , fell far short of this grant . Those given in the first instance to John Duke of Marlborough , who placed England at the head of Europe , I believe , did not exceed it . If , happily for his country , the noble admiral had lived to enjoy these proofs of its gratitude ; or , if he had left children to represent his person , and to transmit his memory , with all its honours , to an illustrious lineage directly descended from him , I should never have thought of uttering one word , but in support of the question . All my doubt is , whether the claim on the nation stands exactly on the same footing in the person of a collateral relation , as it would have done , if it had been possible to preserve the reward of his services , united with his name , in direct descent to his own offspring , and to their posterity . stated that Blenheim had cost the country 540,000l . had always been an admirer of the military glory of the duke of Marlborough , but his victories had not been achieved by English armies exclusively . Lord Nelson , on the contrary , had conquered with British fleets . Never had triumphs been more completely English than those acquired by him . complimented his hon . friend ( Mr. Francis ) , for his upright , manly , and conscientious declaration of the sentiments which he had expressed ; such conduct as that of the hon . gent . on a subject of so much delicacy , he conceived to be a victory of principle over personal feeling , and as such it met with his highest approbation . That hon . gent. , however , should consider that the value of money was now considerably altered , and that the sum proposed to be given , would not make the