not to conceive the question of his noble friend . The noble lord did not ask what the amount of the bounty then to be given would be , but if any bounty was intended to be given for the second period of service , and what proportion it was purposed it should bear to the original bounty ? had no difficulty in saying , that it was likely bounties on re-enlistment would be found necessary ; but he could not state the probable amount of such bounties , nor the proportion which they should bear to each other . He was not yet aware what bounty would be necessary on the first enlistment , and still less could he know what might be requisite on the second and third . observed , that the import of the question put by his noble friend was , whether the right hon . gent . had such confidence in the superior allurements of his plan , that he looked to recruiting without a bounty ; or whether it would be necessary to have recourse to the ordinary mode of bounties ? This question he conceived went to the very essence of his plan ; and it was of importance that the house should know the right hon . gent . 's intentions on this head . replied , that : he could not at present state what bounty would be given on the first enlistment , nor what proportion would be observed in the bounties at after-periods . He did conceive , however , that some bounty Would be necessary ; for if a bounty was given on the first enlistment , why not also on the second and third ? But the amount of these bounties 421 must necessarily vary according to the circumstances of the times , and it would be impossible now to say what bounty might be necessary 7 or 14 years hence . Nothing that might be now settled on the head of bounties could be unalterably fixed , but must vary according to the change of circumstances . But he had no hesitation in saying , that some bounty might be necessary to induce re-enlistment at the end of the first and second periods . thought , that government should always have it in their power to regulate and proportion the bounties , and either to give or withdraw them . They should be proportioned to the period of service for which every man was inclined to enter , whether limited or permanent , and thus adapted to the wishes and inclinations of individuals.—He was proceeding farther on the subject , when the Speaker spoke to order , observing , that the only question before the house was , whether it should resolve itself into a committee . The house then resolved itself into a committee on the bill . In schedule A , however , it was moved that the common oath should be omitted , for the purpose of substituting another in its place . submitted , that it was not regular to call on the house to vote that certain words should be omitted , without their knowing what was to come in place of them . read the alterations , which it was his intention to propose in the form of the oath . After specifying the age of the recruit , and that he did not belong to the militia , he proposed that it should proceed to declare that he engaged to serve his majesty for years , which he would fill up with time word `` seven ; '' and also for such further period as his majesty should please to direct , not exceeding years , which he proposed to fill up with the word `` three , '' but which should terminate at the expiration of a period of six following months of uninterrupted peace . That if the recruit should happen to be under 18 years of age , so many years should be added to the period of service , as should prevent the term of 7 years from beginning to run till he was