astonishment that such a motion should come from the other side of the house . On a former evening noble lords on the other side had arraigned his majesty 's ministers for trenching , as they alledged , on the king 's prerogative , by the enactment relative to limited service contained in this bill , and now they themselves came forward to propose another limited period of service , which was as much an invasion of the king 's prerogative , according to their own arguments , as the proposition made by his majesty 's ministers . He thought it wholly unnecessary to argue as to the superior inducement which there must be to every man to enlist for seven years rather than for life , as such a disposition was clearly deducible from the slightest experience of human nature . The same argument was equally applicable to an enlistment for seven , instead of twenty years . If noble lords on the other side were told that they must remain in a state of sorrowing and suffering , as it had been termed the other night , for twenty years instead of seven , they would doubtless declaim loudly against it , and endeavour to make the period of seven years still shorter . The opposition made to this measure appeared to him very singular , as the principle of enlisting for a limited period had been applied by noble lords on the other side before they quitted office , to the marines , and it was from the success of this very measure that a very convincing argument was to be deduced in favour of the general application of the principle to the whole army . His lordship stated an order made on the 3d February , 1806 , directing men to be enlisted for the marines for a limited period during the war , and read extracts of letters from general Campbell , to prove the success of the measure in obtaining recruits , but did not state the numbers enlisted . As to the objection taken by the noble lord , with respect to drafting , it was well known that when a regiment was ordered to a distant clime , or on foreign service , that there were always individuals belonging to that regiment , who , from age or other causes , were incapable of encountering the fatigue of a voyage , or the heat of the climate to which 684 the regiment was destined , and who were , therefore , drafted into other regiments . If this measure was carried into effect , he did not believe that there would be at any time more men to draft on account of their terms of service being near expiring , than there were now for other causes . Another objection had been taken by the opponents of this measure , as to the expense with which it would be attended ; and , he must say , that this had been most unfairly argued . Those who had argued on this ground , had included in their estimate the pensions given to disabled and retired soldiers , when it must be evident that these pensions were what soldiers disabled by wounds or age were justly entiled to , as a provision for the remainder of their lives , and that they formed a strong inducement on the side of the recruiting service . He would not detain the house by entering into any further discussion of the subject , the arguments urged on the other sidle had already been fully and completely answered . He should therefore merely declare his determination to oppose the amendment . in explanation , said he had no knowledge whatever of the order alluded to by the noble earl . argued generally in favour of the bill , and objected to the amendment . repeated several of his former arguments against the measure , and denied any knowledge of the order to which the noble earl ( Lauderdale ) had alluded . He supported the amendment.—The question was then put , that the word `` seven ''