feelings , he could not , consistently with the principles he entertained , and his sense of duty as an individual member of parliament , assent to so large an appropriation of the public money , in the present arduous circumstances . When he considered that 300,000 or 400,000l . had been recently added to the public burthens , for an increase of pay to the army and navy , and that .every class of society was loaded with imposts to support the exigencies of the country , lie could not consent to the grant of the public money in any way not absolutely and indispensably 1148 necessary ; and , feeling , as he did , that an allowance of 5000l . a year had already been voted to the representative of the noble lord , who succeeded to his title , he thought it amply sufficient , without any farther allowance to his relations . Had the noble lord himself been living , to enjoy the public remuneration of his splendid services , he should not be the person to oppose a grant , even to a much greater extent : but , as the grant now proposed was not for the noble lord , nor any of his lineal descendants , but for his relations , certainly very nearly allied to him , he could not think of increasing the grant already made , until , at least , some considerable reduction was made in the public debt of the nation ; until it was brought down to 200 millions , from the 500 millions at which it now stood . It would , possibly , be right , for the house to have in view what parliament had done , in similar circumstances , upon a former occasion ; and the most apposite precedent which occurred to him was , the case of the duke of Marlborough , in the reign of queen Anne ; when , in consequence of a message from her majesty , on the 10th of June , 1702 , recommending to the house a provision of 5000l . a year for that nobleman , that provision was made . He then moved , that the proceedings on that occasion be now read from the journals . [ The proceedings on the 10th of June , 1702 , were accordingly read , being the message received from her majesty , recommending the important public services of the noble duke , as well by his negotiations , as by his splendid victories , to the liberality of parliament ; and also the subsequent proceedings of the 18th of the same month , in which the house voted an address , in compliance with her majesty 's request . ] The hon . col. said , he was ready to allow , that the services of lord Nelson to his country , were as splendid and important as those of the duke of Marlborough ; and that 5000l . a year , at that day , was a much greater sum , in effect , than .the like sum , at this ; but , then , the comparative circumstances of the country , in both periods , were also totally different . In the former , we owed scarcely any national debt ; now , we had one of 500 millions ; and , until all that could be reduced , considering all the other circumstances of the country , and that it was not lord Nelson who was to enjoy the reward of his services , he thought 5000l . a year amply sufficient ; and , when the reduction he men- 1149 tioned should have taken place , he would have no objection to vote a much larger grant . observed , that the hon . colonel 's object could only be properly attained in the committee . He then left the chair . Upon the house resolving itself into the committee , in reply to the statements of the hon . col. ( Wood ) , observed , that the grant now proposed bore no proportion to the allowances made