. Short of the case of our absolute expulsion from India , it was impossible to call in question the nature of the security which the publick would have for the regular discharge of these loans . They would have revenues in the first instance mortgaged to them , the produce of which was not less than 14,279,000l . a year , out of which this payment would be set apart , next in order after the military charges of the government , which in the most expensive year of war did not exceed 8,970,000l . The charge for Interest and Fund , suppose on a loan of 16,000,000l . amounting 1239 annually to less than , 1,000,000l . would be received out of a residue of above five millions sterling . They would have not only the same security as the creditors of tin Company have lent their money on , but the same security in fact much improved by there being 800,000l . less to be paid on ] of the same means . They would also have if possible , better security than the publick had in the case of Ireland , as the large sums applicable in time of peace to the reduction of the Indian debt would in this case over and above the ordinary sinking fund of one per cent . be payable to the commissioners to be by them applied to the more rapid extinction of the capital created fob the service of the Company.—It might he said , if the security of the Company really as good as had been described , why was it necessary to come to parliament to negotiate a loan for them ? why did not they at once raise it for themselves ? The answer to this was , that the Company were not in the habit of borrowing in Europe to such an extent . Their security might be unexceptionable , yet individuals being unable , amidst so much controversy as to the nature of it , to form a decisive opinion of their own , might be disinclined to lend to them on the same advantageous terms as they would to the publick . In short , the same reasons for adopting the measure applied in this case , as did in the case of Ireland , and the publick had even a more direct interest than they had in that case to facilitate the execution of the measure.—But the obtaining the money on more advantageous terms in the first instance was not the only benefit that would accrue from its being raised as a publick loan . Being included in the general mass of the Funded Debt , the capital would be redeemable at the precise value of the funds at the time , whereas , were this sum funded in a three per cent . separate stock , although no corresponding advantage in the original terms would probably be allowed to the company by the subscribers , the magnitude of the sinking mg fund applicable to its reduction in peace , would force up the value of this particular stock to par much sooner than the other funds , and thus the Company would have to redeem it on much less favourable terms . —Whilst the advantages , then , were clearly in favour , not only of the transfer of a large proportion of the debt to Europe , but also of its transfer in this mode , he did not see any solid grounds of objection which 1240 could be urged on the part of the publick to the proposition . Ireland was not the only instance in which the credit of the publick had been interposed for the purpose of promoting and protecting the general prosperity . When the commercial credit of the country was embarrassed by temporary causes , parliament voted five millions of exchequer bills to be advanced by commissioners to individuals upon security to be approved by them . This measure relieved the prevailing distress , and cost the publick nothing . Loans of the same description had been extended to sufferers by the calamity of seasons