All the objections to the principle of the bill had been urged over and over , upon every discussion which took place on the hills , which had been almost annually submitted to parliament , for abolishing the slave trade . So far from the planters being alarmed by the present bill , all of them he had conversed with , were decidedly in favour of it . So far from its being prejudicial , they were decidedly of opinion , that it would be advantageous to their interests . Were the traffic to cease to-morrow , he was convinced , that not an article less of British manufacture would find its way into the Spanish colonies . Fortunately , British manufactures were become of absolute necessity to the inhabitants of South America , and they would have them , though the slave importation trade , which , according to the statement of a noble lord , was 231 used as a cover for a more important branch of commerce , were annihilated . He declined going over the arguments which had been so often used respecting the slave trade ; but if the present bill tended , as had been stated , to contribute to the abolition of that nefarious traffic , it was in his mind a paramount argument in its favour . said , that a noble lord had characterised the bill before their lordships as abolition in disguise . He was s no friend to any thing in disguise ; but , while he was in that house , he would , by every means in his power , whether fair or foul , whether by open hostility , or secret stratagem , labour to destroy that infamous traffic , which was no less a disgrace to humanity , than it was destructive of the morals of the nation . His lordship urged a variety of arguments against the slave trade , and supported the bill , as the first step towards its abolition . after glancing at the conduct he formerly held , with respect to the subject so often adverted to , observed , that with a due regard to himself and his fellow-subjects , and a respect for the interests of those who were concerned , he had now to express to their lordships the doubts he entertained upon the present occasion . His lordship wished , that while the reverend prelates were supporting this measure , they would also indemnify the individuals who must stiller by it . There was no man more inclined to the abolition of the slave trade than himself , yet he had his doubts upon the subject , and greatly apprehended it would destroy a large portion of British shipping , British sailors , and British merchants , and would carry an article of trade into a foreign market . His , lordship , therefore , opposed the measure . supported the bill , on the ground of its being merely a regulation of policy , with regard to the colonies of the enemy , which , though now in our possession , might be restored when a peace took place . He likewise observed , that though British capital might be thrown out of this particular branch of commerce , yet it would easily find some other channel , in which it might be employed in a manner equally beneficial . made his maiden speech , to the following effect : My lords ; on a subject of such importance as this , involving it the feelings of humanity and the principles of justice , it is impossible 232 for me to give a silent vote . I will not now enter into any discussion on the general subject of the slave trade , but I hope and trust that the time is not far removed when we shall all witness the abolition of that trade , which is a disgrace to the country that encourages it ; which violates all the principles of justice , humanity , and religion , and which is directly contrary to the tree constitution of this country . I trust