question upon this motion of thanks to the Volunteers ; for that , although minorities , in that house , must yield to majorities , yet it was not always to be expected that the public should remain quiet . said , he had the honour of commanding a corps of Volunteers , who were as zealous as any set of men in the world . He entertained the same opinion of the whole body ; they were honest , he knew , and , he believed , bold ; and , therefore , deserved the thanks of their country . In this vote he concurred with all his heart ; but he wished , very much , that the hon . bart . had confined himself to a vote of thanks , as he conceived that his majesty 's ministers should have a power of regulating the force of the country in , whatever-way was considered best for its support . said , he was one of those , who were appointed to inspect the Volunteers ; and he had certainly stated , in his report , that many of them were fit to serve . in the line , and better than some of the militia ; but there were none of them superior to the regular army . He did not wish , he said , to make any severe remark on the conduct of his majesty 's ministers ; but he really thought the Volunteers had been dispirited . It was much to be regretted , he thought , that they no longer had the advantage of the inspecting field-officers , and , also , that the drill serjeants had been discontinued , as , without the advantages to be derived from them , he did not think they could be of much service to their country . The hon . general concluded , by declaring that , from his high opinion of the Volunteers , it was impossible he could act otherwise than support the motion . said , the hon . general seemed to labour under a mistake , 1107 with respect to the drill serjeants ; they were not abolished , nor had such an idea ever entered into his mind . His intention was , merely to reduce their pay ; still , however , leaving as much as would make it an object for them to continue in the service . By the new regulation , the pay of the drill serjeant would be 7s . a day , for every day they were called out ; which was , in his opinion , fully sufficient . The other point , to which his hon . friend had alluded , was , with respect to the opinion given of the state of discipline of the Volunteers . For his part , he always understood it as the opinion of the inspectors , that the greater part of the Volunteers could go through the general manœuvres with as much precision as the regular army ; but , even though they could do this , and act with troops of the line , it was not pretended they were so good as troops of the line . There was something , therefore , beyond the mere military manœuvres , in which they were deficient . Was this courage ? Certainly not ; the volunteers were as brave men as the men who composed the line ; and men who were not volunteers , as brave as men who were ; but , as a body , they had not all the qualifications of the regular army . The regiments of the line , even though filled with recruits , had the advantage of experienced serjeants and corporals ; each regiment had a name , which it was necessary to support , and which never died with the individuals who , perhaps , acquired it ; they were also inured to pay severe obedience to their officers ; which the volunteers were not ; and , for all these reasons , it was impossible that they could be as desirable a force as the