is the way in which the works of the British navy can be maintained ? —Sir , I flatter myself that I have fully proved to the house the shameful neglect of lord St. Vincent in regard to building ships . I shall now proceed to shew some of the effects which have resulted from this neglect . Why the tenders which were sent from the navy board to the admiralty were refused , we are yet to learn . But , I beg leave to state that in consequence of his lordship 's unfortunate capricious determination , the country has sustained an increased expence of more than 200,000l . ; for his successor ( from the urgent necessity of the case ) was compelled to give 36l . per ton , i.e . an advance of 10l . per ton , or 40 per cent . for building ten 74-gun ships . This however was not the only circumstance to be regretted . Had his lordship continued in one mind from the 5th Jan. to the 13th , those 10 ships would ere this have been ready for the sea.—As the circumstances 168 contained in the letter from the navy board to the admiralty , informing them of their having been obliged to give 36l . per ton for the ships which they had , by direction of the board of admiralty , agreed for , are rather of an extraordinary complexion ; I must beg the patience of the house while I read it , as well as that which introduces it . [ Here the hon . gent . read the said letter , which will be found in p.27 of the papers presented the 28th of May . ] As these letters speak for themselves , I shall only observe , that a similar instance of breach of faith between government and individuals is not , I hope , to be found , for it has done much mischief . And I can not but lament that one of the noble lord 's colleagues should have had the interest of his country so little at heart , as to have acted in a manner so unbecoming , and so detrimental to the concerns of the nation.—But , whatever might have been the expence of those ships , if there were no means by which they could otherwise have been procured , there was an urgent necessity , and that necessity , in lord St. Vincent 's own emphatic words , went to the length of `` as many as could be procured in every part of the kingdom . '' And yet the noble lord thought proper to risk the safety of the country , by a false , ill-judged , and ill-timed economy , of which the inevitable result , as his lordship ought to have foreseen , led to very great additional expence in the course of the requisite preparations for maintaining the navy . Possibly his lordship 's successor might have the censure of earl St. Vincent and his friends , for giving the additional price of 10l . per ton ; but instead of censure , I highly commend the conduct of that noble lord , I mean lord Melville ; and his active , zealous successor lord Barham ; who till lately presided at the board of admiralty ; whose exertions and judicious measures have preserved the navy and perhaps the country from ruin.—Suppose the contracted system of lord St. Vincent had been persisted in ; must it not have been ruinous to the great interests of the kingdom ? We should not then , as we happily now have , an opportunity to exult in , and commemorate the signal and glorious victory of Trafalgar , achieved by that great , renowned , and ever-to-be-lamented hero , lord Nelson ; nor the subsequent success of the gallant sir R. Strachan ; by which the victory was made complete . Neither should we have had to congratulate the country on the more recent , signal and glo- 169 rious defeat and capture of the enemy 's fleet off St. Domingo ,