a rate as could be on any hand expected from this plan . He had not a return , however , upon which he could calculate as to the army in general ; but he had returns of the seven battalions of the guards , from which an idea might be formed , though a vague one , of the whole , An hon . friend of his had stated that the expence of every individual to the country would be 230l . per man more than at present . But a calculation of the expense of one man was not sufficient . According to his lordship 's calculation , there would be a. waste of 30,000 men in each year after the period of 14 years had elapsed , supposing that none enlisted afterwards ; but supposing that one-half of them enlisted again , still there would be a waste of 15,000 men annually , under this plan , without reckoning the ordinary casualties . His lordship then entered upon a calculation of the expense . He thought that the right hon . gent . could not , with any hopes of success , reduce the present bounty one sixpence . Supposing , then , 16 guineas bounty to each man for the original recruiting , and 8 guineas for the subsequent periods , the annual sum would be 360,000 guineas , or 380,000l . Then he came to the increased pay , which .he calculated at 162,000l . a year . But the most gloomy part of the whole was the subject of the pensions ; for it would have very little effect as to the recruiting , and would he tremendous in point of expense . The pensions allowed at the 489 end of 14 years , he contended , were a bounty for leaving the service , which would , for the most part , be almost irresistible . He supposed that , at the end of 14 years ' service , the average age of each man might be about 40 years , By a reference to the tables of Halley , and to the insurance offices , he found that the average calculations upon a man 's life , from that period , were 22 years . The amount of the expense , therefore , at the end of 22 years from the second period of service , would he 792,000l . His lordship then calculated the expense of those who should have their pensions after having completed their 21 years ' service , and this proceeding upon the same data as to the value of their lives , he found would in the end amount to 684,000l . per annum . The whole would stand thus : bounties , 380,000l ; increased pay , 162,000l . ; pensions at the end of 14 years ' service , 792,000l ; pensions at the same rate after 21 years ' service , 684,000l ; making a total of 2,013,000l. , independent of any additional pay that might be in contemplation for the Officers of the army . It might be said , that this would admit of a reduction in time of peace , but , unfortunately , the plan left the qualification of the men going on , even in time of peace , when they were exposed to very little service , which left no chance of a reduction . Upon a subject of such material importance to the welfare of the country he did not see how any principle of delicacy , or fancied danger , should deter him , as a member of parliament , from a performance of his duty , in considering the application which this system had to the other essential service of the navy . He would appeal to the noble lord at the head of the admiralty board , and ask him , .whether it was right or just that the nation should be embarked in this new system of expense , to make future provisions for soldiers , and make no corresponding one for sailors ? How would it be felt , or what impression