and then sent to the lords for their consideration . If , however , this resolution had been proposed at the beginning of a session , he would not have objected to it , because it might have been followed by a bill before the close of it ; but now so near the close , and when they might not , on separating , meet again before January , a resolution of this kind would be agitated in the colonies , and might produce much mischief among the negroes . He should , therefore , oppose the . motion . said , he should certainly have given the preference to a bill for the immediate abolition of this abominable traffic ; but it had been most eloquently and forcibly shewn by his right hon . friend , that the lateness of the session would not allow the practicability of such a measure . What , then , had his right hon . friend done ? After the longest deliberation that , he believed , had ever been given to a resolution of that or any other legislature in the world—after a resolution of that house passed in 1792 , that this abominable traffic should be abolished in 1800 , his rt . hon . friend , in 1806 , a period of 14. years , calls on the house to agree with him in a resolution , the object of which was to remove from the house that degree of shame and disgrace , which they had so long laboured under , from an apparent dereliction of a resolution so solemnly passed , and a pledge so seriously given , on a subject of such vast importance , after the most mature deliberation , and most ample discussions . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) by his argument , seemed to think this resolution must be sent to the other house , and that there would be something indecorous in so doing ; he could not , however , see it at all in that light . What right had the noble lord , or what reason had the house 597 to suppose or believe that the other house would differ with them on the general principle of this measure ? He denied that the house had any fair and reasonable ground to suppose so ; all they had done to shew their opinion , was , they had thrown out a bill which was sent to them on the subject , not from any consideration or discussion of its principle or merits , but because it was too late in the session to give it due attention and deliberation , For this reason the present resolution was now laid before the house , and would be communicated to the other house ; and it would be open to them , when this matter came before them in a general shape , to give their opinion fully and fairly on the subject . As to the general subject , his own private opinion certainly accorded strictly with the words of the resolution , and he thought the trade contrary to every principle of justice , humanity , and sound policy , so far as sound policy could be connected with a matter of this nature . The trade commenced in Africa , and after spreading a variety of vices there , in order to effect the robbery of persons who were the objects of its pursuit , it proceeded , with cruelty , to the misery and destruction of the places where it was carried on , and frequently to the desolation of those who procured those negroes . Besides these horrible effects , it was attended with the mischief to the British sailors of a waste of life , exceeding double and treble the number of those who died in any other employment in which they were engaged , which not unfrequently amounted to one-sixth of the whole ship 's company in a voyage ; and it also produced the worst of all moral effects among the planters , and those who were under the necessity of using