same principle . If you think the case deserves investigation , it ought to be done by a parliamentary commission , which should be bound to report the result of its proceedings , from time to time , to the house of commons ; and all their proceedings should be as public us possible . explained the nature of the connection of his relation of the same name with the nabob of Arcot , as originating with colonel M'Lean , who died in the service of that Eastern prince . was desirous that the bill should be read a 2nd time , principally for two reasons ; first , because the unjust claims would be more easily detected than at a later time ; and next , because the just demands would be more easily ascertained . If the bill went into a committee , and no other person should suggest the amendments that appeared to him necessary , he pledged himself to bring them forward ; they principally respected the mode of examination , the nomination of a parliamentary commissioner , and the periodical reports to be made on the progress of the business . considered the existing agreement between the India Company and the creditors under discussion , perfectly legal 947 and binding unless superseded by a superior power . with regard to the nature of the claims alluded to , his opinion was , that although they amounted to 5,600,000l . they would be , upon investigation , reduced to one-fourth of that sum . The clauses pro-posed by the noble lord , he did not think material . approved of the authority given to commissioners under the bill to discharge these claims ; and took the opportunity of signifying his approbation of the late treaty with Holkar , under the auspices of sir G.Barlow . said , the directors highly approved of treaty , and he had no doubt , on Wednesday , a vote of approbation would be passed in compliment to the governor general . commented upon what he had no hesitation in terming the scandalous mode in which the debts to which the bill referred were originated ; and particularly upon claim of Mr. Sullivan , which , as it appeared from an explanation of this evening , arose out of the desire of this Mr. Sullivan to create an undue influence at the India House . It was an insult to the . under-standing of the people of England , or of the India Company , to call on them to pay such a claim . What had they to do with it ? And yet the hon . gent . who gave the explanation , seemed to feel quite satisfied of its equity . The agreement alluded to by the hon . director ( Mr. Grant ) was not , he was certain , at all such as that hon . exdirector described . In fact , it was not legally binding unless sanctioned by parliament . stated , that the public had a direct interest in the revenue of the East India Co. to the amount of 500,000l . annually . Neither the board of controul , nor the Court of Directors therefore , could have any legal authority to interfere with a measure which might naturally affect the interests of the public . in explanation declared , that the commissioners only desired more powers with a view to exclude all frauqulent claims which might be preferred , to enable them to hunt out iniquity through all its mazes , and to render ample justice to the legal and equitable creditor.—After some further conversation , the gallery was cleared for a division , but the bill was read a second time by the general assent of the members present . The order of the day having been read , for the lords to be summoned to attend this day , rose and spoke as follows : —My lords , I regret much , that the house is not in possession of those official documents which would enable us clearly to see our way in the discussion of the important subject