; far from it ; —but it has not had such striking and splendid success , as ( compared with the general term of enlistment ) to prove , that the limitations are so all-powerful as the hon . gentlemen represented them ; and above it has not , according to the hon . gentlemen themselves , produced a materially better description of men to the service . `` Oh ! —but , '' say the hon . gentlemen , `` that is because you limited too much . The men that we want to get at , are those who wish to serve for a short time , but to serve abroad . You have no receptacle for men of that sort . `` —Well , then , let us have one ; with all my heart—but do not let us make up our minds to have no other sort : for , assuredly , however possible it may be that a reasonable proportion of such men may be found , it is a little too much to expect , that with an army to such an extent as we have at present , with an auxiliary force for home defence , in great part consisting of volunteers , ( not one man of either of which establishments has required the inducement of this peculiar species of limitation ) , —it 462 is , I think , a little too much to expect us to agree , that no other than this limitation can possibly be effectual . But I suppose it is amongst this bettermost description of men only , that the peculiar taste prevails . It is amongst them that we are to look for the persons who , according to the right hon . gentlemen , like very little service , but choose to have that service foreign ; like the , man who , describing the sort of weather that best pleased him , declared that be would have `` but little wind , but that little high . '' These are the persons whom the right hon . gent . describes as likely to enter into the army for the sake of seeing the world ; who , leaving their village Desdemonas at home , would embark for the West Indies , for the purpose of returning like so many Othellos , with a collection of stories to woo them with upon their return . Unquestionably this theory , is a most delightful one ; but I still have my doubts as to the extent , at least , of its possible operation . I can not help thinking that that class of society , from which the ranks of our army have hitherto been chiefly supplied , must , even after the refinements of the right hon . gent. , and all the lectures of the hon . colonel , on the necessary and practical operation of those refinements , still continue to be the only very efficient source of the supply . Upon this class—I mean the lowest and labouring class of the community , the peasant and the inferior artisan , I suppose it is not contended that these fancies will work very powerfully : and as to mounting higher , in order that you may obtain a more numerous recruitment , it seems to me that that notion proceeds upon a false estimate of the relative proportions of the different classes of society . Society has often been compared to a pyramid ; but I never yet heard that the point was nearest the earth , and the broadest surface at the top . If that were the true view of it , the hon . colonel would be right , and the higher you mounted , the larger superficies you would have to act upon ; but if the lowest class be , as it is , infinitely the most extensive , I do not see that much would be gained by looking in preference to a higher level for your supply . I really believe , sir , after all , that even when this system is in