own brewing . He therefore could have wished the noble lord had commenced his scale of this tax a little higher in society . With respect to what had been said of females who might be affected by this tax , he heartily concurred in opinion with those gentlemen who had spoken on the subject . He would go even farther , and recommend , that not only men milliners , but all men who held situations in shops , which females could occupy , should be taxed . He then adverted to what had been stated by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , that the budget was made up of the rejected taxes of the late minister , whom he represented as having a number of faultless and unobjectionable taxes in reserve , and thought it would shew a much greater zeal for the public service , if , instead of coming to the house with objections to every measure proposed , under exigencies , which they themselves had created , that right hon . gent . and his friends would disclose to the house , and his majesty 's present servants , some of those unobjectionable and eligible taxes , which they so well knew the late minister to have in reserve . wished , that the time for carrying the tax into effect , might be carried beyond the harvest time . He only threw this out for the consideration of the noble lord , knowing that it would be a very great Advantage to farmers , and , in fact , what they were entitled to . disapproved of the measure . He did not like the excise hanging over us in terrorem as to what we were doing in our private houses . Might not compositions be carried such a length as to make it a doubtful thing whether they or the exicse itself were preferable ? argued , that the principle of the measure had been recognised in the very best of times . During the reign of queen Anne , the making of malt for private use , was allowed to be compounded ; and during the reign of George II . a similar rule was allowed as to candles . These were now done away , but the principle was the same as that now proposed.—The different resolutions were then put and agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . brought up the report of the bill for making a further provision for the family of lord Nelson . On the report being read , observed , that the country had , by its liberality to the family of the deceased hero , evinced the respect and gratitude , which were justly due to his memory . He trusted , therefore , that neither the magnanimity of that illustrious man , nor the generosity of the empire , would be forgotten by those who were to receive profits and honours on account of the service which the immortal Nelson had performed . He would not then particularise any thing , though his object must occur to many members in the house ; he hoped the representative of that family would also shew some degree of generosity , and comply with the wish expressed by the illustrious founder of the family in his last moments.—The resolutions were then read and agreed to . moved the order of the day for taking into further consideration the report of the Property Duty bill . On the reading of the amendments , proposed a new clause , for the relief of persons insuring their lives , or the lives of their wives , and providing that , in all such cases , where the income of the party shall be less than 150l . per an- 264 num , the amount of the annual premium maid on the insurance shall be deducted from the amount of income to be assessed . expressed his satisfaction to find his suggestions at all attended to , but thought that the abatement had been limited to so low a rate of