, that there was a period beyond which , even in war , the service of the soldier should not be extended . With regard to the inspection of the volunteers , he had at first stated , that they should be under the superintendance of the county-lieutenants , but he had not meant to exclude the inspection of military officers . Respecting additional pay to officers of the army , he thought it would be most proper to state his idea on that subject on a future occasion . It was one in which the house must be guided , not merely by its liberality , but also with a view to the great numbers , and the consequent great increase of expence ; and , therefore , it would not be right to encourage too sanguine hopes . wished for a clearer understanding of the right hon . secretary 's views . At present he understood him that his plan of limited service extended to the cavalry and artillery , and was for seven years . observed , that the term of seven years did not apply to those branches . observed , that he understood the extension in time of war was to take place for two or three years . saw no reason to think the original time stated by him would be altered , but that an extension in the power of the crown , in time of war , might be made without prejudice to the general effects of the measure . The time he had stated for the artillery was twelve years . was of opinion that the volunteers would lose more by the decay of their discipline , than the country could gain by any savings proposed . He conceived that permanent duty was highly necessary to the improvemet of their discipline , and that some kind , of military inspection was also indispensible . As to the ballot , he was glad to find that it was not to be absolutely abolished , but he feared that even its temporary suspension would render it more difficult to resort to it again . As to the allowance for clothing to the volunteers , 30s . was too little , and 20s . wholly inadequate . observed , that the allowance was only 20s . from government , and that government could not have committed itself on that subject , though three years afterwards , if the situation of the country remained the same , the same allowance might be requisite . He could not 324 understand how gentlemen could talk of the house being taken by surprise upon a ten days ' notice , particularly when he recollected the same gentlemen proceeding last year on a twenty-four hours ' notice , to the rescinding of the resolutions of the house . wished to know what was intended respecting . the West-India regiments ? stated that allowances much larger than 20s . had been made to volunteers . said , that 20s . was the whole of the August allowance . said that 30s . was the allowance in June , and 20s . in August ; there was therefore no reduction . said , that unless the allowances to the volunteers were kept up , nay increased , it was impossible the establishment could be kept up . At first , subscriptions were liberal , and the general zeal came in aid of the funds necessary for the support of the corps ; but it could not be expected that the subscriptions would continue , or that gentlemen would again be at the very great expence they had incurred for the volunteers with which they were connected . How then was the difference to be made good , and how could the establishment last without provision for its maintenance ? confirmed the observations of the hon . member , and said , that unless something was done to defray the expence , the volunteers must disband of themselves , though nothing else were done . said , it was impossible that corps should be supported in the manner they first were raised