likely to attend it ; and finally , the justice due to the parties concerned , and the good faith which ought to be preserved to them . I reserve that question for the last , because I think it the most material . A conclusion , fairly deduced from principles of justice , can not have greater weight with my right hon . friend than it will have , and ought to have , with myself and with the house . I wish to have each of these heads of discussion considered distinctly , and on its own separate merits ; that is , that arguments drawn from policy or abuse , shall not be answered by topics that belong strictly to the justice of the case , or vice versâ.—In considering the policy of the exemption , the first point to be settled is , the value of the object which is meant to be relinquished . If the amount were inconsiderable , or if the actual necessities of the country , compared with its resources , permitted us to be careless about little or immaterial savings , the question perhaps might not be worth arguing , nor should I have troubled the house about it . But do his majesty 's ministers know , have they ascertained by sufficient enquiry , or by any probable calculation , what is the amount of the real and pretented foreign property in our funds , that is , of stock held under foreign names ? Do they know the value of the concession they are going to make ? what sort of persons are to have the benefit of it , and what the public will lose by it ? The return from the tax-office , dated the 8th of this month , exhibits a capital of about 12 millions in different stocks . The duty on the income of this capital , including the long and short annuities , can not be less than 50,000l . a year ; and we are told by the public officers who make the return , `` that these accounts are coming in daily to a great amount ! '' Then , I ask , do we know what we are doing ? Is the chancellor of the exchequer sure that , when the bill shall be once passed , the return of foreign stock , real or pretended , may not reach to double or treble its present amount ? The temptations to fraud are obvious am powerful ; and , as to the penalty , I shall only observe that government will have to inforce it , not upon awkward , clumsy delinquents , but on many of the most dexterous and experienced practitioners in concealments of this , kind . How the real 398 and bonâ fide foreign property , supposing it right that such property should be exempted , can with any certainty be distinguished from the rest , will form , as I believe , a serious difficulty in the execution of the act , and ought to be seriously considered.—It is argued , or rather it is threatened , that , if we tax this income . foreigners will sell out , and carry their capital into some other country , and that this will be attended with a material depreciation in the market price of our funds . I , for one , do not believe it . Nor is any man entitled to threaten us with that consequence , until he has shewn , to what other fund these foreigners can transmit their property , and where else they can now place it , I will not say with security , but without manifest risk and the greatest danger . Is there a place left on the continent , subject to the power of France , or within reach of its influence , where the income of funded property will not be taxed ? or indeed where the capital itself is safe from confiscation ? In former times , when banks existed in some of the free states of Europe , where it was thought