charged upon the parish : consequently , it could not come under any description of a chapel of case , any more than that of the Asylum , which , however , was out of the question , because it was protected by a special act of parliament . Neither was it intended , as the hon . and learned gent . was pleased to conjecture , to be converted into a theatre for music , or dramatic eloquence , or enthusiastic rhapsody . Those who conducted that institution were as sound protestants of the established church as any of those who opposed it , and as little likely to promote schisms or innovations in the mode of public worship . It was an institution originally set on foot about eighteen years since by the charitable contributions of humane persons , for the purpose of educating the bereft orphans of convicted felons , thrown upon the world , Without protection , and of other Children , betrayed to early habits of criminality , but whose tender age rendered them fitter objects for the correction of a moral and religious education , than for the severities of the criminal law ; and When it was recollected that this charity , although supported partly , and to a considerable extent , by charitable contributions , yet derived also from the industry of those children who were the objects of its protection , an average sum of not less than 1,200l . annually , he hoped it would not be considered unreasonable that the society should have the management of their own funds , and the appointment of those persons who were to be paid from those funds so long as by the appointment of such persons they sought not to trespass , upon the rights or privileges of any other persons . It Was erroneous to say , that they endeavour- 860 ed or wished to deprive any ecclesiastic of the controul he ought legally and reasonably to possess : and this would appear the more unquestionable , when it was told to the house , that at the head of their institution , and foremost in bringing forward this bill , was a protestant bishop . The society did not wish to deprive the rector of st. George the Martyr of his privilege of controul over the appointment of chaplain , or of the negative to that appointment , if it should really be an improper one , and just and reasonable cause assigned . But it was to the privilege of negative , without assigning cause , they gave resistance . No means of conciliation on their parts were left untried to compromise this matter with the rector : the society had proposed to pay him an annual stipend out of their funds to any reasonable extent , in which he should say his interests could be injured by this chapel . And what was his conduct , after taking time to consider their proposal , and giving some grounds to believe he would accept it ? Why , a threat to charge them with simony for making the offer . This bill had been repeatedly postponed at the instance of that gentleman , on the promise of his preparing and offering to him ( Mr. H. ) two clauses , which he wished to have inserted in the bill ; but the day passed by , and no such clauses were ever produced . Upon the whole , he must consider the conduct of the rector in this affair , as extremely unbecoming a protestant clergyman , whose object it should be , and whose duty it was , to promote , and not to impede the religious instruction of those children , and the success of a charity to which , however , he never contributed any thing , and which he took much pains to embarrass and obstruct , by keeping this chapel shut three years.— The question upon Dr. Laurence 's amendment , was then put and negatived , and the bill read a third time , passed , and ordered to the lords . of