was become of them ? Has the rt . hon . gent . altered his own mind about them in the short time that has elapsed since he brought them in ? And was he prepared to urge that whimsical variety and instability of judgment , that perpetual fluctuation of counsel , as a ground for the house of commons giving unbounded credit and confidence to what he might produce hereafter ? The whole of the argument , if argument it might be called of the right hon . gent . resolved itself simply into a claim of confidence on the part of administration . The house were to vote this bill , they were to take the pledge contained in it , in perfect confidence that the ministers would exact nothing from them in consequence of that pledge , but what the house must approve , when it should come to be submitted to their consideration . And the right hon . gent . who spoke last seemed to take it very ill that this confidence was withheld , and the propriety of giving it questioned , by persons who , as he said , at the outset of the present government had professed a desire to support them . For my own part , said the right hon . gent. , I have no pledge or promise of that sort to account for : I have nothing to retract , or qualify , or explain . I never offered any general professions of support . I never thought myself called upon to do so . I have given my 646 opinion freely , as a member of parliament , on the measures of the government , as they have been brought forward : and sorry have I been to find , that scarcely one of the measures which have originated with them has been such as I did not feel myself bound to oppose . And I quite concur in the opinion expressed by my noble and learned friends ( lord Castlereagh and Mr. Perceval ) as to the general character both of the system of the present ministers , and of the manner in which it has been carried into effect , and in which public business has been conducted in this house , since this great administration came into office—that nothing can form a more ludicrous contrast than their promises and their performance . Of one noble person indeed , in the other house of parliament ( lord Grenville ) , who forms apart of the administration , I have once before had occasion to speak . Perhaps it is to that occasion the right hon . gent . alluded . I did once say ( it was early in the session , and before the measures and system of the government had been developed ) that I was desirous of placing confidence in an administration of which he was the head . My personal confidence , my personal esteem and regard for that noble person , continue unimpaired : but to talk of him now at the head of the government ; after all that we have heard , all that we have seen , to consider him as the presiding and directing mind , is impossible . I am sorry for it : But I admit no claim for confidence arising from an expression which was applied to an individual , and which was founded on an error as to his weight and situation in the government . In his colleagues I neither have , nor ever professed to have , the confidence which they now demand ; and by my vote of this night I shall certainly refuse to give it to them . spoke in support of the bill , and said it was one that ought to be considered , not as distinct from , but pari passu with the mutiny bill ; and that the provisions of both stood equally pledged upon the faith of parliament and the discretion of his majesty . considered this the only explanation given as yet . He complained of the enormous and unnecessary expence