turnips , says the right hon . gent . ; and what should prevent the drill serjeant in like manner from hoeing his battalion ? The remaining turnips thrive and swell—but here again unluckily is the same mistake of size for number ; and I can not help fearing , that the right hon . gent . 's system of husbandry will turn out nearly as unprofitable as that of the theorist , of whom the story is told in La Fontaine , who contrived to have nothing but the leaves of his turnips to carry to market . I very much fear that the right hon . gent. , when , at the eve of any war , or in the middle of any campaign , he is fulfilling his engagements with the soldiers whose services are . expired , will find that he is depriving his battalions of all that forms their substance , their solidity , and their strength , and that what he suffers to remain will be comparatively but the leaves of the turnips . To this apprehension , however , the right hon . gent . opposes the confident persuasion that the men will not claim their discharge when due . The hon . colonel , to be sure , rather differs from his leader in this , as in other respects , and thinks . that they will ; but he thinks , that being discharged , they will do a good almost more than equivalent to their military service , by instigating others to take the places which they have quitted , and that their precept will countervail their example . It would really be a great advantage to us in these debates , if the right . hon . gent . and his friend would argue a little more precisely as to their own objects , and would agree upon the expectation which they would wish us to entertain ; especially when they are so eager in rejecting the imputation of theory , and desire to be considered as reckoning upon nothing which has not experience and example in its favour . But I am willing to take the hon . colonel 's view of the subject as that which their own examples go nearest to establish . The Swiss , I presume , did return home at the expiration of their service ; and that the prevailing habit in France was to claim the discharge which became , due , is fairly to be inferred ; as well from the ordinance of 1788 , as from what the hon . colonel has informed us of Marsha ] Saxe 's opinions many years before . What do we learn from the hon . colonel to have been Marshal Saxe 's opinion upon this subject ? He prescribes that faith shall be inviolably and 468 invariably kept with the soldier , that the discharge when due shall be given to every man that claims it ; and does he then reckon upon their not claiming it ? No such thing ; on the contrary , he follows up this recommendation with a proposition , which shews at once his persuasion that the discharges , will be claimed , and his sense of the difficulty which will arise from granting them in time of war . And what is that proposition ? The hon . colonel tells us that he suggests something very like the present system of conscription in France . This I confess , sir , is the very thing which I have all along apprehended as the ultimate and-most undesirable end of the right hon . gent . 's refinements and theories . The right hon . gent . is offended by the word theories as applied to his system . He will permit me at least to class them with the meditations of Marshal Saxe : and , as the Marshal was not ashamed to characterize them by the name of reveries , .I shall , unless I am positively , prohibited , take the liberty of applying the same term to the speculations of the right hon .