and seems to unite several advantages with relation to the interests both of India and Great Britain : it is comprised in the following propositions.—That it be respectfully recommended to the hon . the Court of Directors , to take the earliest occasion of sending out supplies to India to the amount of 85 lacs of rupees , or 1,062,500l . in addition to their usual consignments , by an increase of their annual export of British manufactures and produce to Bengal and Bombay , to the full extent of the indents from Bengal and Bombay respectively ; and by an annual supply of silver bullion to Bengal , to the amount of 50 lacs , or 625,000l . The supply of bullion to be provided in part , by a proportinate reduction in their usual consignment to China.—The increase of the export of British manufacture and produce to Bengal and Bombay will , probably , afford considerable relief to the finances of this government ; as , by reference to the account of sales of imports from England , it appears , that the averrage profit upon the imports from England sold in Bengal , in ,1796-7 , has been above twenty per cent. , and at Bombay thirty-five per cent. , and that the demand is increasing . This measure would , at the same time , obviously become highly beneficial to the interests of Great Britain.—The export of silver to Bengal would be more advantageous to the Company than 1077 the payment of bills , at the present high rate of exchange ; a rate which will probably continue for a considerable period of time . Such a stock of silver would be a relief both to public and private credit , and would invigorate all the financial operations of this government . From this resource , supplies might easily be furnished to Canton , through the medium of the trade in opium.—If the sale of British manufactures in Bengal , and at Bombay , should equal the general expectation , an additional supply of near a crose of rupees , 1,250,000l. , would accrue to this presidency , from the combined result of the two proposed measures . This supply would be nearly equal to the probable amount of the permanent deficiency of our resources.—Nothing would be more just , than to appropriate a proportion of the profits arising from the sale amount of the investment in Europe , to the augmentation of the Funds necessary for the purchase of investment in India . Unless some such plan be adopted , or some other means devised of furnishing aid to the resources of Bengal from England , it is evident , that a reduction , in the amount of the Indian investment , will soon become inevitable ; for it can not be denied , that a very large proportion of the capital , which has passed into Europe , through the medium of Indian commerce , for these last two years , and is about to pass in the present year , has been , and must be , created by loans of money raised in India under every circumstance of disadvantage . The increase of the investment , therefore , during the period described , must be viewed as representing , not the surplus revenue , but the increased debt of India . The circulating capital of India , which is known to be very inconsiderable , in proportion to the productive and commercial powers of the country , can not supply so large a drain for any long period of time , even in the event of peace ; but if the war in Europe should continue , the difficulty of raising money for the public service , by loans to be negotiated in India , must become nearly insurmountable.—At that early period of time , the governor-general earnestly urged the company to provide for the provision of investment , by increasing the amount of the supplies sent from Europe . They were still continued , however , upon a scale much too low for the amount of the investment , 1078 notwithstanding