have objected to the production of the papers and of the charge , but when the matter came to a vote of the house—when the question was put 16 days ago , whether the charge should be taken into consideration , aye or no , then was the time for the hon . gent to have said , no : but now the house having pledged itself to the accuser and to the accused , by this vote , and more than that , having actually ordered witnesses to attend , it stood bound to both parties to enter upon the consideration of this charge at some convenient time . He did not say that it had pledged itself absolutely to proceed now , but it was bound to entertain the charge , and to consider it . And here , therefore , what the hon . gent . said was inapplicable . He said that we ought to have nothing to do with the charge , but that we ought to dismiss it without proceeding any farther . But when the house had come to a vote on the subject , 745 he conceived that the motion of the hon . gent . was totally inadmissible . For this he was extremely sorry , as he before stated , not only on account of the personal inconvenience which this affair might occasion to himself and others , but also on account of the difficulties which it would throw , in the way of the public business . Now , with respect to the acts of 1784 , and 1786 , he had strong hopes when he came to the house , that the matter might by possibility be referred to such a tribunal . But when he heard the words of the acts `` extortion or other misdemeanors , '' he had very great doubts whether a case of this kind could be brought under them . His notion was , when extortion and other misdemeanors were mentioned , that this must mean misdemeanors of a similar nature , and that even faults of a lower description , if of a different kind , could not properly be cognizable under these acts . However , it was very probable that the construction ; put upon the acts by the honourable and learned gent . was the right one , and that crimes of less magnitude than private extortion , for it was to this that the acts evidently referred , might be cognizable under the acts . As to the present case coming under them , that was out of the question . Yet he must at the same time say , that what the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , had said , militated a good deal against this construction , for the case of Mr Holland , where the Attorney-General at that time ( lord Eldon ) ) thong it that political matters were . cognizable under these acts , was undoubtedly very strong—but in addition to the authority of the then Attorney General , we had the authority of the King 's Bench here , for he was speaking under correction , as he might be mistaken , that court seemed to have established this construction . The Attorney-General moved the information , and if the Court of King 's Bench allowed the proceedings to go on , it appeared like a proof that they had been of opinion that the crimes mentioned in the information were cognizable under the acts . These authorities then were certainly in favour Of the hon . gent 's . construction of the acts . But then the answer that had been given by the hon . and learned gent . was very strong . The accused , it appears , had not stated the objection , and , no doubt , it was very possible that the point might have been overlooked . But this he would say , in passing , if the construction put on these acts by the hon . and learned gent . was the right one , and probably it was