necessity for any thing further . Now , in this case , the question was , what were we to do ? Why , some aid must be given to the ordinary recruiting , or had any body any new scheme to propose ? But any expedient which would exhaust the future resources of the country , was one which he would not recommend . When the gentlemen on the other side said , that we were not to confine our views to the present moment , but were to look to the future consequences of measures , he was very glad to hear all this , although it came rather oddly front those , whose projects had been almost all of a temporary nature , and who were even now calling out for some temporary scheme . He had no confidence in these projects however . He had no similar project of his own to offer , and thought that the good sense of the thing lay in a very small compass . The only option we had was , either to procure men by voluntary or forcible means , or we might have a combination of the two . The forcible means might procure us some men for the present , out then it destroyed our future resources . Yet force might on sonic occasions assist and quicken the operations of the bounty . This was the ease in our navy , but here the man himself was taken . But in the land service this was impossible , and such means only raised the bounty to 40 or 50 guineas , or perhaps to more , by the competition which it excited . Such was the effect in the case of the provisional cavalry , of the supplementary militia , and so forth . Seeing , then , no good either in the theory or the practice of such schemes , but finding that they rather operated like ardent spirits , opium , or substances of the like nature , which roused the constitution at first , but afterwards relaxed its power : allowing that though they were in themselves bad , there might be cases in which they might be proper ; having stated this so often before , and been charged with stating the exact contrary , he would now say , that such schemes ought not to be resorted to till every other possible means had been tried and found ineffectual . He therefore would now try the effects of voluntary enlistment , and would use no means but that of making the article of proper value to the purchaser , All that could be done was , to bring the 427 advantages of the service home to the feelings and undertandings of those who might be disposed to engage in it . If , after all this , after making the condition of the soldier thus eligible , men could not be found , then there was no alternative but to have recourse to compulsory means , with all the evils attending upon it . Now , it might be made a question , whether it was possible to make the situation of a soldier eligible in comparison with the situations of other classes in such a country as this ? It was true , you could not change your population , but then you might change the nature of your service . This was certainly in the power of government . But there were things which you could not do even in the service . You could not make the situation of a soldier a very safe , a very comfortable and easy , or a very profitable one . But there were advantages which might be offered to the soldier , advantages which , in every age and nation , had been offered with success . In the present plan , he would remove an impediment to the recruiting service , by limiting the service to a shorter period than a man 's life , and leaving his discharge somewhat independent of the person who employed him . But then a