for which he intended to move . They were short , and their production would neither be trouble-some nor expensive ; the first of which , and lie would now move for it , was `` a list of the several barns rented by government and used as Barracks , in the division of Sandown Bay , in the Isle of Wight ; specifying the time when first taken , and also the weekly or annual rent thereon paid ; respectively , from the time of their being so taken up , to the 25th Dec. 1805 , inclusive. '' —Mr . Martin seconded the motion . said , that if the hon . gent . had done him the honour to make the slightest communication to him of his wishes or intentions upon the subject , he believed he should have been able to have satisfied the hon . gent . that his motion for papers and the purpose He had avowed , were rendered unnecessary , by another arrangement which had already taken place . As the hon . gent . had not thought proper so to do , he would beg leave to say now , that although he saw no objection whatever to the production of the papers named in the hon . Gent 's motion , yet , at the same time , as the house had already appointed Commissioners , for the very purpose of the investigation avowed by the hon member as his object , and had delegated to them its authority to enquire , with the utmost minuteness , concerning every expenditure in the Barrack , as well as other military departments ; which commissioners were proceeding with all the expedition in their power , consistently with the nature of the subjects referred to their examination ; he would put it to the good sense of the hon . gent . whether it would not he much more orderly and consistent with the regular proceedings of parliament , first , to await the report of those commissioners , or to communicate to them any information that could aid or accelerate their enquiry , before he proceeded to call 239 upon the house to institute another enquiry to proceed at the same time , and upon the very same subject . He would submit the hon . gent . whether it was a propel whether it was a discreet procedure , while a parliamentary commission was occupied , in this very enquiry , to supersede the authority delegated to them , without any al lodged ground of imputation upon their proceedings , and to move for another enquiry upon the same topic . If , indeed , when they should make their report , the hon . member should find any just cause to complain of their negligence , or partiality , a unnecessary delay , it would be competent to him to call upon the house for the enquiry now proposed ; but until such an occasion should occur , he hardly conk conceive the house would be disposed to comply with the hon . gent . 's wishes for such an enquiry . rose and said : If , sir , my eyes did not convince me to the contrary , I should have conceived that it was the ghost of the late minister I have just heard , What the noble lord has just said is , word for word , the objection made by the minister four years ago , to a motion which I then made for enquiry upon the same subject , and I have brought down with me the Parliamentary Debates to prove the fact . But , notwithstanding the disappointment I feel at such an answer coming from the noble lord , as one of his majesty 's present ministers , I shall persist , aye , inexorably persist , with the leave of the house , in my determination of having this business sifted to the very bottom . It can not interfere with the military commission . But , am I to be told , that the house of commons has , in