how dissimilar , it is an instance in which the navigation laws have been interrupted in their course , and therefore they tell us , `` we ought to be allowed to pursue it as a precedent , because the navigation laws are of a nature so odious , I suppose that it is our interest to have them entirely destroyed ! '' But it seems there is a great concern and compunction felt by the governors of the West India islands , on account of the violation of their oaths , in the instances wherein they are called upon to consent to the suspension of the navigation laws : that they are sworn to preserve all the laws of the realm inviolate ; that a suspension of the laws is a violation of the laws ; and that a violation of the laws is a violation of their oaths . Now , sir , this may be very laudable morality in the supporters of this bill ; but I can not help observing , that t this tenderness for the consciences of the governors of the West India islands is a little whimsical , considering how they were treated on former occasions . When the colonial governors dispensed with the navigation laws , in cases of absolute necessity , and parliament never gave them an indemnity for any other , they were not told of this point of conscience , if the act is blameable . But how does the right hon . secretary of state treat them by the instructions contained in his letter ? He tells the governors of the islands , it is not necessity which I regard ; it is not your consciences I regard : I regard nothing but what appears to me to be convenient ; and I will shew you , that what you thought was an excuse as a matter of necessity shall be continued as a matter of convenience ; and you shall suspend the law , however your consciences may be affected by it , on account of the necessity of doing it , not only during war , in which it may possibly be thought necessary , but until 6 months shall have elapsed after I shall have directed notice to be given of the discontinuance of the practice . Now , what are the governors to do all this time , after the necessity , which alone is said to be the excuse , has ceased ? They are to continue in the uniform practice of the violation of the law ; and thus , according to the argument of gentle . 995 men on the other side , violate their oaths in obedience to the order of the secretary of state . And the secretary of state , the plenitude of his power , grants to the governors of the islands an indulgence to commit that very sin which the friends of this bill so much deplore ; and not only does he grant this indulgence to commit sin , but he gives them an encouragement ; nay , still more , he commands them to commit sin , and yet these are the gentlemen who now turn up their eyes to Heaven , and deprecate the evil of governors being placed under the former system , in a situation in which they Were made so immorally to tamper with their oaths.—Now , with regard to the question , `` how far it is necessary to lodge the power which this bill gives any where , '' ( which is not proved , ) I am of opinion , that , supposing it to be necessary to lodge it any where , it would be better to lodge it with the privy council than any where else . I have no difficulty in saying , that if it must be given to any body , I had much rather it were given to the privy council than to the governors of the West India islands ; because I am of opinion , that the privy council could , and would exercise , such a power more