Scotland moved , that the house should go into a committee on the report of the committee in 1803 , for erecting a light-house on the Bell Rock on the east coast of Scotland . The learned lord stated that the measure , though universally admitted to be highly advantageous to the shipping interest , and though agreed to by the house in 1803 , 861 had failed of being carried into effect , in consequence of circumstances which did not now apply . His lordship then moved that it be the opinion of the committee that a lighthouse be erected on the Bell Rock , or Cape , on the east coast of Scotland ; near the entrance to the Forth and Tay . seemed to doubt of the necessity of the measure . On an explanation from the lord advocate , however , he stated that what he had thrown out , he did more in conformity to the opinion of the first lord of the admiralty , than to any opinion he himself had entertained . did not pretend to be Competent to judge on the subject , but as it seemed to be intended that part of the public money should be expended on the erection , he wished the learned lord would more clearly point out the utility of the measure . referred for the utility of the measure to the report of the committee in the year 1803 . He had no doubt the hon . gent . opposite would have no objection to the measure , if the erection could be made without money . Nay , he conceived it to be a self-evident proposition , that in a mercantile country there could be no objection , if it could be done without expense , that a light should be fixed on every rock in the ocean . The report of the committee , in the present case however , shewed that here there was peculiar danger ; that seldom a vessel came near it without being almost instantly dashed to pieces ; and that from the circumstance of its being covered at half tide , there was hardly an instance where such an occurrence took place , but every soul perished . expressed his surprize that the business had been so long delayed . He also thought , if , as was stated the preceding night , no measure could be extended to Scotland at this period of the session , there was no call on the house at so late a period to confer a boon on that country . said , he should be able to show , if it should afterwards come before the house , that the measure alluded to was inapplicable to Scotland . He declared that he had no particular predilection for the present measure , which he only brought forward in the discharge of his duty as representing that part of the 862 country where the beneficial effects of the measure would be most felt . As to the subject of money for carrying on the erection , that was not now before the house . The only question was , if it would be advantageous that the erection should take place . Besides the funds from Which it would naturally fall to be supported , he understood they would be entitled to a farther sum from the commissioners for northern lights . recollected that his hon . relation ( sir W. Pulteney ) had formerly carried through this measure , and had shewn to the house that it would be highly advantageous to shipping in general , particularly to those ships trading from Hull and Scarborough . confirmed the statement . The cause of the former measure not succeeding , was an idea entertained of comprehending the Baltic trade among the ships which were to pay a certain per tonnage , which was objected to . The house , would be better able to judge of the matter when the estimates came in . The resolution therefore had his concurrence.—The committee then passed resolutions declaratory of the advantages which would result from the erection