the present bill was to appoint a seperate enquiry , so that , from a comparison of the various reports , some data might be obtained for a permanent legislative measure , as the subject was of the utmost importance . Leave was given.—Mr . Bernard requested to know from the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , if it was his intention to bring forward any measure , during this session , to regulate the paper circulation of Ireland . He stated the great inconvenience which existed in that country on account of the great issue of bank paper , and the numerous frauds practised by persons styling themselves private bankers , who were not possessed of any real property whatever . The people of Ireland , he knew well , expected some immediate redress upon this head , and looked with considerable anxiety to the right hon . baronet , from the great information he possessed respecting that and other subjects relative to that part of the united kingdom . Sir J. Newport replied , that he certainly had intended to bring forward certain propositions relating to that subject , but had been prevented from submitting them at present , in consequence of several failures , which had produced considerable distress among the banking companies in Ireland ; and therefore he conceived that any step of that kind , would , for the present , do more harm than good.—On the motion of Mr. Paull , the following gentlemen were ordered to attend the house , when the charges against lord Wellesley should be taken into consideration : W. Cowper , esq . John Stracey , esq . J. Riley , esq . lieut . col. Merick Shaw , and Henry Strachey , esq.—Mr . Bankes gave notice , that on Wednesday next , immediately after reading the first charge against marquis Wellesley , he should move that the house should 673 entirely dismiss the same.—Sir . H. Mild-may begged to learn from a noble lord , whether any measure relative to an exchange of prisoners between France and England had been agreed upon by the two governments ? He was induced to put this question , from the circumstance of certain French naval officers having been allowed to return to France . Lord Howick replied , that no exchange of prisoners had yet been agreed upon . Some persons had indeed returned from France , who could not be considered in the light of prisoners ; he meant those who had been detained on the breaking out of the war . Only one naval officer , Capt . Gower , who had been a prisoner , had been permitted to return to this country , and he had come on his parole . rose to postpone the second reading of the Nabob of Arcot 's Debts bill . Before he fixed a day for that purpose , he wished to say a few words to the house . The bill had now been 3 months before them , and there certainly had been full time for the consideration of it . Besides , it ought rather to be considered as of the nature of a private bill , and he was therefore anxious that it should pass in the therefore anxious that it should pass in the present session . He certainly felt some reluctance in postponing the second reading ; but he was unwilling to press it in the absence of several gentlemen who wished to deliver their opinions upon it . contended that the bill was of a public nature , and one , indeed , of great general interest . He wished it to be put off till an early period in the next session , that , in the mean time , the subject might receive full consideration . did not mean to say , that the bill did not affect the interests of the public ; but as the interests of individuals were immediately concerned , he had brought it forward as a private bill . stated that , according to the forms of the house , it was certainly a private