opportunity . It is the last twig at which we can catch before we are precipitated into all the danger which awaits us : It is too late for the house to decide against measures which hazard the army altogether ; but it is vet in their power to take a security for its being kept together , at least in time of war . replied to the objections which had been urged against the measure by the right gent . ; though the arguments so ably advanced early in the debate by his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) still remained wholly unanswered . With respect to the army which it was necessary for this country to keep up , it surely would not be sufficient to have merely the same numerical force as in the time of king William and queen Anne ; we must have a force adequate to the new situation of affairs ; and if we wished to have influence on the continent , we must have an-army capable of acting there with effect , should circumstances present the opportunity . The right hon . gent . had spoken as if there were some who talked contemptuously of wealth . Who they were he could not tell—at least he never knew that ridicule of that sort had much success . But this at least was true , that wealth alone would not secure greatness , and that it a nation wished to preserve its eminence it must depend on the number and valour of its own soldiers , not on its money to pay mercenaries . To suppose that national greatness could be maintained without this , was to assert what was contrary to all principle ; to all common sense ; to ail experience . He then proceeded to consider the instances of the adoption of limited service in foreign armies , and contended , that not only the practice , but the successful practice , was justified by the example of foreign nations , particularly the French and Swiss . He then shewed that the spirit of liberty , in all times , had improved the soldier . Nor was this disproved by the cases of Alexander and Cæsar . The former triumphed over the Greeks divided , and over Asiatics , it was the triumph of Europeans comparatively free . To the case of Cæsar , many of his troops might believe the pretences he held out , that they fought for liberty against tyranny and aristocracy . As to what was said of the danger of adopting this measure it time of war , it it was good to be adopted , it ought to be begun in time of War as well as in time of peace , and to do so was what his 559 noble friend ( lord II Petty ) had wisely and truly said , to shew real courage and Magnanimity . As to trenching on the prerogative , all he had to say was , that it was undoubtedly competent to the house to regulate any power it conferred : and to talk of the prerogative of the crown to levy men on any conditions , was very idle , since the concurrence of parliament was necessary to pay and regulate the army raised by prerogative . And would it be contended that the impression made by the measure , in this shape , would not be much greater than if it had sprung solely from official regulation ; and , therefore , was not its success on that account likely to be the greater ? As to the effect of the offer of a seven years ' service instead of for life , he conceived it self-evident that it would procure more men . As to the discontent of those now enlisted , he saw no danger of the kind . No ill effects of that sort had sprung from enlistment for a period during the American war , or in the instances in which it was adopted since . In a word , he conceived the present measure better calculated to give