these colonies , whither soever they please , all over the world , and they are not restricted so much even as the 1004 British shipping is . Good God ! what a spectacle is this to exhibit to the world ! am I in a British parliament beseeching and imploring it not to pass a bill which has for its object such enormous effects as that of taking off restrictions upon a trade to be carried on with British colonies by foreigners , which are continued with regard to British subjects ? Why , sir , this willingness to erase out of the statute book the very name of your navigation law , is a disposition , guiding the councils , and changing the ancient policy of G. Britain —it is a change , indeed , which the French statesman himself would enjoy . He could have wished no other , he had no other desire , as he has often expressed , although our commercial law affected France less than any other maritime power in Europe ; for they never were our rivals in the carrying trade , and yet they called our navigation laws an odious hostile code , by which England made war on the industry of all nations —What a triumph to our enemies must it be , if the parliament of Great Britain agree to give up those laws which their enemies have so long regarded as their bane , while they are the foundation of our greatness ! But then it may be said , that although the powers thus given by this bill are so enormous , still you will not impute to the privy council any intention to use such powers to the ruin of their country ; and it is as well for the privy council to adopt measures for the general advantage of our trade and navigation as for parliament to do so ; and it can not be supposed that these powers will be used by the privy council , for any other purpose than that of the interest of their country , however enormous these powers may appear to you to be . Why , sir , if these are powers unfit to be used , as most certainly they are , they are unfit to be asked for ; and if asked for , they are unfit to be granted . And certainly , in the very extensive scene in which power is here claimed , it is impossible it can be executed ; and why should any set of men have a power by act of parliament to ruin their country ? Is it to be considered as a ground on which concessions may be made by us ? Is it because ministers must be supported ? and that it is not to be supposed ministers would use the power in the latitude with which it is given , in order that parliament may sheer there is no bound to the liberality of its concession ? There certainly may be , in some cases , a great difficulty , in others 1005 an impossibility , to define precisely or exactly what is necessary to be given by way of discretionary power to ministers , or to express specifically what power should be withheld from them ; and therefore a general and undefined power must be given , and we must trust to the discretion of ministers in the use of it : such was the case when the habeus corpus act was suspended . At the time when that measure took place the country was put to the disagreeable necessity of defending itself , in that mode , against a few conspirators , and put for that purpose the liberties of all the subjects of this realm under the care of the executive government of the country : you could not accomplish your object in any other way . For , although you had every reason to be assured that the conspirators were but few in number , yet you could not draw a distinction between them and the rest of the king 's subjects