thing that could , by possibility , affect marquis Wellesley . thought that the papers might have great relevancy to the charge , as shaped by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) , and that it was extremely wrong to force him to proceed , without what he himself thought sufficient to support his allegations . said , that after the evidence of the accountant general , the charge made upon the nabob , was , upon the whole , in his favour ; all the evidence the hon . gent . wished to collect from the papers , might be admitted by the friends of marquis Wellesley , without any prejudice to him . said , he was perfectly willing on the part of the noble marquis , to admit it ; and therefore called upon the hon . gent . then to proceed . said , when the accounts were produced , he should shew that a sum of 470,000l . was fraudulently charged upon the nabob , by colonel Scott ; having been some years after called upon to make up accounts against him , upon the basis of those estimates prepared by capt . Salmon , the colonel had been instructed to claim that excessive sum , unless the nabob would consent to cede his territory , in which case he was only to require the sum really due . said , the papers were 937 highly necessary to be produced , and corroborated the statement , that an unjust demand of nine lacs of rupees had been made upon the nabob . deprecated the bringing forward of supplementary charges , and thought that the house , if they tolerated it , would never be able to come to a decision . He was of opinion that they should then proceed . said , the question was not if the decision upon these charges were to be deferred until the next session , but if the house would proceed this day to determine on an accusation , in which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) said , he was not prepared to advance ; so that the true enquiry was , if in this stage of the business the matter were to be taken out of his hands , in the absence of the information of which the house ought to be possessed in order to form its opinion . He could perfectly understand such an attempt , if this were a case of vexatious delay ; but was this the complaint ? The papers required were not obtained until the 20th of May ; on the 25th of that month the charge was brought ; on the 28th it was printed , and the evidence was only closed on Friday last ; even at that moment the written testimony called for was not on the table , although the application was made for what was yet deficient as early as the 5th of June . Who could then seriously assert that there had been any unnecessary procrastination on the part of the hon . gent. ? But it was said by the friends of the noble marquis , that from their knowledge of the documents sought , they would not at all conduce to support the charges . Were not others to obtain the same information , in order to satisfy their minds and come to the conclusions to which such premises should lead ? If by the endeavour now made , the noble marquis should be acquitted , it would be such an acquittal as would afford him very little consolation ; he was , it was to be presumed , an innocent man , and if he were so , justice to him required that this subject should be dismissed in a very different way ; but it was not only justice to an individual that demanded it , it was justice to the collective body of that house , that required that no such precipitate decision should be formed ; and the honour and character of the house were immediately concerned in the present proceeding .