had obtained over the enemy ; but at the same 474 time he must say , that by our naval superiority alone we should never be able to prevent France from extending her conquests over the continent of Europe . O ! but , say others , we have plenty of money ; we can afford to subsidize nations , and hire foreigners to fight our Cattles . In answer to that he must observe , that all history shewed that such are not the means by which greatness and national honour are to be defended . This country had , at many periods , made great and astonishing exertions . When William III . was at the head of the confederacy of Europe , this country acquired considerable renown . Again , in the reign of queen Anne , when the duke of Marlborough commanded our armies , although the native British troops that he commanded were a small portion in number to their German allies , yet they ranked high in military reputation , and contributed powerfully to the common cause . In the seven years ' war , a few British regiments , under the command of prince Ferdinand , contributed essentially to the victory at Minden . It was this way the country acquired renown , `` Sic itur ad astra . '' It was by the valour of her troops , and not merely by the power of subsidising foreigners , that , in the best times of her history , she had gained so high a character among the nations . These wars had been undertaken , in a great measure , to preserve the balance of power ; and , however this idea might be ridiculed , our ancestors saw , what we have felt , that this balance of power could not be destroyed without the most serious evils resulting to Europe , and without our being exposed to the domineering influence of France . The situation in which the country was placed was this : it must either trust entirely to its navy , its commerce , and its ships , and patiently submit to see the power of France extending over every nation in Europe ; or else , it must think , at some future period , of being able to afford some relief to nations that are oppressed , and of preserving its connection with the continent of Europe . If this was the determination of the house , it was evident , that the only means of accomplishing these things was , to improve our armies ; but if the country should prefer what he considered the ignominious alternative ( which he , for his part , would never consent to ) of separating itself from the interests of other nations , and endeavouring to preserve an insulated greatness , he conceived that such a conduct would be still more dangerous , 475 than it would be to follow a more generous policy , and one more befitting the character of the British nation . He should also have an objection to the alternative , even upon constitutional grounds . It was known , that the character of the House of Brunswick was to resist every attempt that might be made against the constitution of this country , and especially any attacks which might be made by France , or with French assistance . The character , however , of any other family which had reigned in this country had been very different . If , then , it could ever be supposed , at some remote period , that any sovereign of this country could act on the principles that sonic sovereigns had acted on , when there was a compromise between England and France , that one was to rule by sea , and the other by land , the assistance of France might be requested against the liberties of the subjects of this realm . Although he did not state this as a case very probable , yet he thought the bare possibility of it made it an object worth consideration . As to