preferable to two , but doubted the propriety of excluding from the court of review the judges of the chamber , whose decision was appealed against . highly approved in general of the plan brought forward by the noble lord , but doubted whether there might not sometimes be local obstacles to trial by jury in civil cases in Scotland . also warmly expressed his approbation of the proposed plan , the carrying which into effect would , 736 he thought , be productive of the greatest advantages to Scotland.—The resolutions were then agreed to . obtained leave to bring in a bill for altering and amending the acts of the 28th and 30th of the king regulating the number of passengers to be carried on the outside of coaches.—On the motion of Mr. Windham , the lords amendments to the mutiny bill were taken into consideration and agreed to.— Lord Folkstone stated that it would be in the recollection of the house that the sum of 40,000l . had been voted by them for paying the debts of the late Chancellor of the Exchequer . Among the sums voted by parliament , and unprovided for , since ordered to be laid before the house , he observed mention of the sum of 41,010l . paid to John earl of Chatham , and George bishop of Lincoln . He felt at a loss how to get at the fact of this appropriation of the public money , but he believed the best mode for him to pursue would be , to move , `` that there be laid before the house a copy of the order for paying to John earl of Chatham , and George bishop of Lincoln , the sum of 41,010l . '' Ordered . Earl Temple having moved the order of the day for taking the Charge against the marquis Wellesley relative to the Nabob of Oude into consideration , Mr. Paull was about to move that witnesses be called in , when the Speaker informed him that the first question was , that the charge be now taken into consideration . The question being put , in pursuance of the intimation he had given the preceding day , rose to oppose the motion , and to state the reasons which induced him to think the house should proceed no further in this business , but dismiss it entirely from their consideration ; in which he did not think it would be necessary for him to do more than to shew the house that the legislature had already provided another and a more eligible mode of proceeding before a different tribunal . The tribunal to which he alluded , was that established by an act passed in 1784 , for the special trial of crimes committed in India . He by no means denied the inquisitorial power of the house of commons ; on the contrary , he wished to speak of it always with the highest respect , and to acknow- 737 ledge that in many instances it had been productive of the best consequences . But the power , like many other of its rights and privileges , should be used with sound discretion ; for there were cases , of such a nature , as it would be extremely unwise and injudicious to bring before the house ; and those were cases in a considerable degree analogous to the present . It was a case not less complicated than that which with so little success , and so little honour to the house of commons , by whom it was urged forward , or that tribunal before which it was tried , had occupied the attention of parliament for seven successive sessions . The subject now before the house was no less than that of the revenues , and other political affairs of Oude , for a period of nearly 40 years ; and in a more especial degree , during a period of 5 years that marquis Wellesley had been chief governor in India . The honourable member who brought forward these charges accused the noble marquis of a criminal interference in