did not see any purpose it could answer to the rt . hon . gent . It pledged the house generally to a Resolution , for a purpose wholly indefinite as to time and mode . If , in point of fact , the trade could be abolished at once , why not do it immediately , instead of proposing a Resolution in general terms upon the subject , which , in its present form , was wholly unintelligible ? The house had formerly come to a definite resolution , which had . never been followed up ; and why ? Obviously because it was found impracticable to realize the theories of those who led the house into that resolution . With respect to the principle of the Slave Trade , no man more sincerely wished than he did , that it were practicable now , or at any proximate period , to remove a grievance so calamitous , from the lot of humanity . As to effecting any thing like a general abolition of this traffic ; he really feared it was not to be accomplished by parliament ; for were the most peremptory bill that could be shaped , to pass this night upon the subject , to preclude all British ships and capitals from being employed in the African trade , even for the supply of our own colonies , he did not see any other purpose such a bill would answer than to involve us in disputes with those colonies , and to risk their ultimate loss , by forcing them to resort to other nations , who would certainly take up the trade as a source of wealth , the moment it was relinquished by this country . Did the right hon . gent . imagine , that any bill passed by the British Legislature for abolishing our own Slave Trade , would prevent France , Spain , and Portugal from carrying it on , under all those cruelties which the regulations of the British Trade were so well calculated to prevent ? Did the hon . member near him ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who had announced his intention of moving this night an address to his majesty upon this subject , imagine that it would be in the power of his majesty to change the sentiments of other European governments , and more especially of the present ruler of France , whose principles and opinions were so well known upon the subject , and to whom the very circumstance of our abandoning the trade would be the strongest inducement 590 for its adoption ? In fact , until such a concert could be formed with our own West India planters , and the other powers of Europe , it would be in vain to expect any thing like an effectual measure for the abolition of this trade ; and by abandoning it ourselves , we should only throw a source of wealth into the lap of our enemies , without effecting any one good purpose to the unfortunate objects of our solicitude . Any real benefit must be the work of time and gradual progression , and by a corrective system , something of the nature by which smuggling and other abuses were corrected at home ; such , for instance , as an high and almost prohibitory duty on the importation of new slaves into our West India islands ; but this duty not to operate merely as a source of revenue to the crown , but of reward to the planters , for encouraging negro population in the Islands , and rewarding the kindness and encouragement shewn to slaves . The noble lord concluded by saving , that the present motion was unwise , and that if the right hon . gent . meant to abolish the Slave Trade , his Resolutions should have been more definite . said , he should have much more cordially supported a motion for leave to bring in a bill for the immediate abolition of this abominable traffic : yet still , he thought the motion ought to be supported , as pledging the house