, Lord Buxton , Sir R. Canning , G. Bagwell , J. Chute , W. Bagwell , W. Curtis , Sir W. Baker , W. Dent , J. Barne , S. Fellowes , W. H. Booe , W. Foster , J. Brodrick , W. Fitzhugh , W. Blaquere , Lord De Gibbs , Sir V. 730 Bourne , S. Garbes , Lord Huskisson , W. Rutherford , J. Hammond , Sir A. S. Rendlesham , Lord Holford , G. P. Rose , G. King , Sir J. D. Rose , G. H. Long , C. Ryder , R. Lovaine , Lord Sibthorpe . H. W. Leycester , H. Smith , S. Lascelies , H. Smith , G. M'Naghen , E. A. Scott , Sir W. Manners , Lord C. Steele , T. Manners , Lord R. Scott , C. Mildmay , Sir H. Scott , S. Mainwaring , G. B. Staniforth , J . Price Sir C. Stanhope , S. Phipps , E. Somerset , Lord L. Preston , Sir R. Thornton , S. Perceval , S. Wallace , T. moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee to consider of the Administration of civil Justice in Scotland.—The house having accordingly resolved itself into a committee , the noble lord said , that no man could more deeply feel the importance and difficulty of any subject than he did that upon which he now rose to address their lordships . Feeling , however , as he did , all the difficulty of the subject , he felt it at the same time to be his duty , after fully and maturely considering it , to submit certain propositions to their lordships , the objects of which were to remove evils and inconveniences which had arisen to a great height and which loudly demanded a remedy . His attention had been called to the number of appeals in that house , particularly from Scotland , which had increased to such an extent , that their accumulation , and the consequent great delay in their decision , became a most serious evil to suitors in that high court , and was disreputable to its jurisdiction . In considering this subject , his attention was naturally turned to the court of session in Scotland , from whence so many of these appeals came , and there he found also that the business had accumulated to an extent which produced the most material evils to the suitors , from the unavoidable delay which occurred in deciding causes . It would be a superfluous waste of their lordships ' time to enter into a history of the court of session ; it would be sufficient to observe , that , by the act of union , it was declared to be the court for deciding causes in Scotland , and from which an appeal only lay to the house of lords . It was evident , therefore , that 731 no other court could be established for this purpose , without a breach of the act of union . There were , however , means of altering the frame and constitution of this court , by which , as he conceived , civil justice might be better and more speedily administered . The court at present consisted of 15 judges . He did not mean , and he trusted he should not be understood to mean , to throw the slightest reflection upon any of the learned judges of that court ; but it was his opinion , and it was the opinion of many persons of great experience and knowledge of the laws , that speaking generally justice was better administered in a court where the judges were only 3 or 4 in number , than where they consisted of a greater number . There were many reasons , which would naturally occur to their lordships , why this must necessarily be the decrease of business in the other ; thus case . It was also of the highest importance that the conduct of judges in their respective courts should , as in this part of the united kingdom , be