greatest safety be entrusted : he meant the lords of the admiralty.—This he estimated at 17,000l . per annum ; and to provide for the deficiency he meant to propose to raise 5 per cent on all prize money and bounty for the capture of ships , as it should become due . In the aid of this intention his majesty had been pleased to signify his pleasure to grant a similar allowance out of the droits of the admiralty . The whole prize money so to be made , it was calculated might amount to 1,250,000l . He did not incline , however , to estimate it at more than 1,000,000l . Five per cent . on this sum amounted to 50,000l . One part of this sum applied to the purposes of the chest , and the remaining two-thirds to the purposes of the hospital , was time manner in which he proposed that it should be divided . One-third , therefore , to be applied 811 to the chest was 16,666l . leaving a surplus on the total revenue in the time of war of about 11,000l . In time of peace it was naturally to be seen there must be a great deficiency . The expence , however , would then be greatly less , and in time of war the surplus to be accumulated would in some measure be providing for the defalcation in time of peace . There were certain revenues too , which it was to be expected would very speedily be greatly encreased , in particular from a rise on the rents of certain farms belonging to the hospital , estimated at 4,000l . per annum additional . There would also , it was computed , be at the end of the present war 200,000l . of forfeited prize money , the interest of which would go to keep down any deficiency . In this way he submitted that any deficiency which might arise could not produce any uncommon apprehension in the mind of the house . In time of war it was obvious there must be a considerable surplus , and in time of peace it was to be hoped the deficiency would not be of an alarming magnitude . The chest was founded in the year 1596 , but it was not put on any regular establishment till the following , year . Those who received from the hospital were not entitled to get any thing from it . The allowances front the chest were in this manner ; for total loss of sight 12l . ; for loss of an arm Sl . These he proposed to increase ; loss of sight 20l . ; loss of an arm 16l , ; and so in proportion . This he computed would produce an additional expenditure of 17,000l . a year . The present expenditure of the chest amounted to 46 or 48,000l . a year , and the revenue of it to 63,000l . To provide for the proposed extension there would fall to be added the other two-thirds of the prize money and droits , amounting to 32,000l . leaving a surplus in time of war of 21,000l . though in time of peace there must be a considerable deficiency . He had also to propose a small allowance to the half-pay of masters and of lieutenants . These he did not consider to be acts of liberality , but of strict justice , and they were such as he was convinced the house would not feel inclined to object to . He concluded by moving , that out of all prize money or bounty for the capture of ships of the enemy , the sum of 1l . 13s . 4d . for every 100l . be granted to Greenwich hospital ; and that out of all such prize-money ; & c. there be granted on each 100l . the sum of 3l . 16s . 8d . to Greenwich chest.—These resolutions were agreed to , and the report ordered to be received the next day . moved the order of the day , for the second