of the accusation , and ought not to be imputed as matter of blame to the hon . member who brought forward the charge , any more than to those who resisted it . Another imputation made against the hon . gent . was , that he contended no decision ought to take place upon the present charge , until the evidence upon all the other charges had been produced . Such arguments might be put into his mouth , to answer the purposes of those who were opposed to him , but he ( Mr. W. ) never understood the hon . gent . to use such a pretence , though it was very possible some parts of the present case were so involved in the same circumstances of testimony on other charges as to be best considered with them . But it was said the hon . Member procrastinated ; that the feelings of the noble marquis were involved ; and that here the house must stop and come to a decision . He would say , No : he could not find that any unnecessary delay was fairly imputable to the hon . member . He was 931 aware , as well any man , that the feelings of the noble marquis , upon a charge so important must be held in painful suspence , but from the nature of the case it was impossible it could be otherwise . It was impossible that every man charged with a crime could be brought to his trial the moment he was accused . The noble marquis might sustain in this case a mere damnum sine injuria , but it was a circumstance common to a cases of a similar nature , and could be no argument for pressing the house to a hasty and rash decision , in a case upon which the most cool and mature deliberation was peculiarly necessary.—The next point to which he would advert , was the proceeding of the noble lord in taking the management of the charge out of the hands of the member who brought it forward , and placing it in the hands of others , without any management at all ; or , what was better , in the hands of those who avowed themselves to be the friends and advocates of the noble marquis . But he begged to ask , was this the sort of proceeding to which the house would give its countenance , or upon which the friends of the noble marquis would wish to see his conduct vindicated ? It had been said by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) on behalf of the noble marquis , that the more high the station a man filled , the more power he possessed for acts of generosity and beneficence ; and the longer he enjoyed that power , the more liable he became to charges of a malicious nature ; but , surely , if ever there were cases in which the house should be more ready than in others to entertain impeachments , it was against persons who had filled places of high authority and power , who , while they had the means of doing acts of great generosity and beneficence , had also the power of doing many acts of injustice and oppression ; and who should be made answerable for such abuses of their power , wherever the proofs could be made manifest . He must , however , say , that instead of any encouragement from the house , the hon . member who had brought forward this charge had met with peculiar discountenance ; and , notwithstanding the urgency with which the friends of the noble marquis pressed forward this decision , he would ask the house , how far it was ripe for such a decision ? How many gentlemen of those now present had taken time to read , and maturely deliberate upon the great body of evidence adduced in support of the charge ? For his own part , he would acknowledge , 932 that the variety of his own avocations had