. in answer to the question put by the hon . baronet , said he would proceed in the charge in three weeks at the farthest He would move on Friday for certain pa- 394 pers relative to the expulsion of the Rajah of Shasnee . thought the delay of three weeks too much after so many papers had been moved for , and a general notice given twelve months since . He took this opportunity of stating , that he knew no distinction of right with respect to the princes of India and the princes of Europe . In his defence of lord Wellesley , far from assuming such a distinction , he would shew that lord Wellesley had neither invaded a right nor violated a treaty . said , that the papers were voluminous , and that he himself , with all his exertion , could not be prepared to proceed upon the charge sooner than the time mentioned . It the hon . baronet would look into the precedents , he would find that three weeks was the shortest period : as to the papers , they were essential . as he had been particularly referred to concerning these papers , stated that they had not certainly come to the directors in the regular way in which they ought to have come . They had only come in the Bengal consultations . They were not so long , perhaps , as far as he could judge , as the Furruckabad papers . They certainly were very material , and applied to the present charge . As to making them the ground of a separate article , he did not think that desirable . He was sorry that they had not come to hand as they ought to have done , as by this means the directors were not in possession of some material information on the point to which they related . said , that the hon . gent . had stated no reason for putting off the consideration of the charge for three weeks . said , that on that head the hon . gent . had a right to exercise his own discretion . advised the hon . gent . to look at the precedents , and then he would find that three weeks was the shortest time that had been mentioned for entering into consideration of such charges.—The charge was accordingly ordered to be considered on that day three weeks . moved the third reading of the bill for imposing an additional Duty on Property . observed , that he had some serious observations to make on one of the clauses which he before objected to in the 395 committee , and wished to know whether this was the proper opportunity ? informed him , that if he intended to object to the principle of the bill altogether , this was the proper stage for doing so ; but if his objections went only to a particular clause , he must wait till the new clauses were disposed of—After some little conversation , the hon . gent . acquiesced in this arrangement . proposed a clause for allowing the commissioners acting under the act , to take out certificates to exempt them from serving on juries or in parish offices . wished to know the grounds on which the exemption was proposed . replied , that it was meant as a relief to a set of gentlemen laboriously employed in the service of the public , without emolument . said , that he had no other objection to the clause than a fear that , if that principle was introduced here , it might render magistrates , and others in similar circumstances , discontented for not having the same advantages.—The clause was then agreed to . then proposed another clause for rendering complete the assessments of former years , in districts where they had not been made out . asked if this clause would not have the effect of obliging some persons to pay at the rate of 16½per cent . within one year ? replied , that a provision was made for obliging