competent supply of frigates . On the 18th Feb. 1801 , there were 11 frigates on the stocks building ; viz . 4 in the king 's yards , and 7 in the merchants ' yards . Those in the king 's yards were in a state of great forwardness ; the 7 in the merchants ' yards were on contract , and 5 of them were actually launched long before the expiration of the year 1801.—That the predecessors of earl St. Vincent , by leaving 11 frigates on the stocks ( even had they not been in such forward state ) , left his lordship ample means to make as great a provision within the year , by building alone , as had been made for a series of years , previous to his lordship 's administration , will appear by reference to the last mentioned account , which proves that the successors of lord St. Vincent , finding that exertions were necessary , and earnest as they were to remedy the effects of his lordship 's inactivity , actually built 4 frigates in the king 's yards , within the short space of 6 months ; forming a striking contrast to the supineness and negligence of lord St. Vincent.—During the 3 years and 3 months earl St. Vincent directed the affairs of the navy , he launched only 12 frigates , even under the favourable circumstances I have stated . There were also 10 frigates captured during this period , from which I deduct ⅓rd , upon the same principle as I made a similar deduction from the ships captured in the 8 years previous to earl St. Vincent 's coming to the admiralty . This will make the total number of frigates added by earl St. Vincent in 3 years and 3 months , 19 . Now , sir , I trust I have already convinced the house , that an annual addition of 12 frigates had been made to the navy during the 8 years preceding earl St. Vincent 's administration , and that such addition was not sufficient to preserve the navy in the good and effective 164 state in which it was , at the commencement of that period . In what point of view then , will this house and the country see the conduct of lord St. Vincent , when , instead of making greater exertions , and greater provision than his predecessors ( which the situation of the country , and the state of the navy certainly demanded ) , he literally did not make half the provision which they did ? —In 3 years and 3 months he added only 19 frigates , whereas he should have added 39 . His lordship was not awakened to the necessity of building this class of useful ships , until a short time previous to his quitting the admiralty , and long after the war began , when orders were issued for laying down 8 in the king 's yards ; none of which were however begun , till after he quitted the admiralty , and which measure is more to be attributed to the dissatisfaction which began to shew itself about that time within this house , and the clamour without it , than to any spontaneous effort of his own.—On the 15th of May 1804 , when earl St. Vincent resigned his office , the country being then at war , he left but one single frigate on the stocks , building in the king 's yards , see p. 17. of the printed accounts . It is true there were 9 contracted for , to be built in the merchants ' yards ; but of these 9 , only four were just begun , so that earl St. Vincent , instead of leaving to his successor 11 frigates building , being the number he received from his predecessor , left but 5 ; viz . 1 in the king 's yards and 4 in the merchants ' yards . I trust the house will do me the justice to acknowledge that there were good grounds for an investigation of the