in England , you would make him pay for doing that , for which in common sense you ought rather to reward him.—The abuses , to which this measure is liable , come next to be considered . I have spoken already of the difficulty of distinguishing the real from the pretented foreign property . Laws , made to prevent or punish fraud , suppose the fact , or they presume the intention . Do you mean to trust to the declarations 400 of such persons ? or how can you convict those declarations of falsehood ? Will you examine the books of an alien merchant , who holds stock in the name of foreigners ? There may be some difficulty , I do not doubt , in the operation of the fraud , and some danger in the attempt . So there is in every criminal act . Yet danger will be hazarded , and difficulties will be overcome , and penalties will be evaded , and lucrative frauds will be committed . Consider too , that the persons , most liable to this suspicion , must have been engaged in these practices already , and that they can not make a true return now , without discovering that they had made a false one heretofore . On this part of the subject I can state a fact , very well known in the city of London , which , I believe , will startle the most determined friends of this exemption . While the French Revolution was depending , many natives of that country , on motives of prudence , or under the natural influence of terror , thought the best way to secure some portion of their property from the fangs of their domestic tyrants , was to remit it to England , as secretly as they could , in order to have it vested in our funds . As the transaction was dangerous in itself , all manner of precautions were taken to conceal it . The names of the real proprietors could not appear . Whatever stock was purchased on this account , stood in the names of their agents in London . Many of the right owners perished in the Revolution . Neither their children , if they left any , nor their lawful heirs , could prove their title . Even the proprietors themselves , it any of them survived and made their escape to England , were at the mercy of the persons , whom they had trusted . They had no proofs to produce , or none that would avail them in a court of justice . In many instances , as I am well assured , the parties , who purchased the stock , kept it for their own use , received the interest , returned the whole as foreign property , and evaded even the tax upon the income , while the real owners were cheated without remedy , and left to perish without mercy . Whatever the amount of stock obtained in this manner may be , the exemption you propose is not only an injury to the public , but a reward held out to the basest personal treachery.—I come now , sir , to the strict right of the claim , and to the principles of justice , by which it is supported . On this part of the question a great deal was said on a former 401 occasion and , if the arguments I then heard had really altered , or even shaken my opinion , I should have yielded at once , as I always do , to that conviction . Can it be necessary for me to say , that I have no more interest in the event of this discussion than any other member of the community ? His majesty 's ministers indeed have an interest in it , and a duty too , which I thought I was contributing to assist . I could not foresee that , in endeavouring to inforce the due collection of this part of the public revenue , I should have them to contend with