, perhaps , it was meant to give the command to the serjeant , and to convert the latter into something like a provost-marshal . When this plan of starving out the volunteers had been carried into execution , what , he would ask , was to become of the volunteer officers ? Were they to be put into the ranks ? Was the captain of a volunteer corps to stand in the ranks between his own groom , perhaps , and his father 's chimney . sweeper ? The right hon . gent . on former occasions had objected to the principle of fines , and yet he had not blushed to introduce them into the present bill . The parishes were to be subject to fines for not raising their quotas , and thus he bill would operate as a measure of finance , which was precisely the objection upon which the opposers of the general defence act most relied . If ministers wanted more force , they knew where to have it ; it was by encouraging and cultivating the volunteer system , and not by the introduction of such an inefficient , oppressive , and unconstitutional plan as that contained in the bill . For his own part , his objection to it was so great , that he should not be sorry to see it treated as a bill was once in that house . When a person who then occupied a seat on the bench on which ministers usually sat ( he was one of the lords of the admiralty , he believed ) brought in a bill of a very unconstitutional nature , relating , as well as he recollected , to some extension of 817 the impress service , Mr. Dunning , who was then a leading member on the opposite side of the house , made an observation to the following effect : —If the bill had been unsupported , he should have contented himself with moving , that it be simply rejected , but circumstanced as it was , he felt it his duty to move that it be thrown over the table . could not think the bill was likely to produce so much expence as had been stated . The volunteer system had cost a great deal of money ; and in the town which he had the honour to represent , no less than 18,000l . had been subscribed for the volunteers . Although similar exertions had been made all over the country , yet the volunteers had fallen off very much in numbers . He had attended most of the reviews in the neighbourhood of London ; and the London volunteers , in the last review before his majesty , had entirely disgraced the appearance that was expected , as no more than 12 or 1500 attended , instead of 10,000 who had attended on a former occasion . He did not conceive that the present bill would at all diminish the number of volunteers ; if he did , the measure , should not have his support . concurred with an hon . gent . who had spoken early in the debate ( Col. Bagwell ) , in his surprise , that on that night , which was generally understood to be fixed for the final discussion of this bill , the right hon . gent . who had brought it in had not thought proper to explain more fully the nature of his plan . This was more particularly to be lamented , as this project was not only to be made the law of the land , but as it was immediately to be put into execution . When the right hon . gent . made his opening speech upon his intended military plans , early in the session , there was such a contrariety of opinion respecting his intentions , that it required all the abilities of the right hon . gent . and his colleagues , to make it at all understood . As they had hitherto been able to explain it but very imperfectly , it was not too much