the penalties , and refund the money already received on account of them , he considered barely an act of justice , as it would be gross injustice to levy penalties for not doing that which it was impossible to do . He repeated , that the most desirable object was , to remove the impediment which the Additional Force act threw in the way of the recruiting service . objected to that part of the bill which went to give up the penalties under the Additional Force act , as it might , at a future period , be deemed necessary by parliament , to enact some compulsory measure for the purpose of recruiting the army , and then this provision would operate to encourage persons in neglecting to carry such an act into execution , and to prevent any zeal or exertion from being displayed . He voted against the repeal of the Additional Force act , finding that , as a necessary consequence of it , a bill was now in the House of Commons to repeal the Additional Force act for Ireland . With respect to this latter bill , he suggested that the parishes in Ireland were not charged , as they were in England , with the maintenance of the families of militia-men whilst on service , that being done at the charge of the public revenue , 330 and therefore , that the penalties , instead of being given up , ought to be appropriated to the revenue . thought the noble earl had given a curious reason for voting against the repeal of the English Additional Force act , With respect to the penalties , he contended , that those who had contrived to raise men under the act , had done it by evading its provisions . Such conduct might be loyal , as was said on a former night ; but it was contrary to the provisions of the act ; and it was therefore highly unjust , that those who had endeavoured to raise men by complying with the provisions of the act , and had from necessity failed , should be on that account subjected to the penalties . expressed a willingness to pay every attention to the suggestion of the noble earl ( Hardwicke ) when the bill , to which he had alluded , came before the house.—The bill was then read a third time and passed , and a message ordered to be sent to the House of Commons to acquaint them therewith . presented , by command , an account of the extraordinary services of the army , from December 1805 , with a duplicate thereof . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Alderman Combe brought up the bill for the better regulating of skins and hides in London . Read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time.—Mr . Foster moved , that the house should , the next day , go into a committee to consider the Irish mail coach acts.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the Irish malt-duty bill ; which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time the next day.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee of ways and means , relative to certain Stamp Duties in Ireland , which was agreed to ; and an instruction was ordered to be given to the committee appointed to prepare the Irish stamp-duty bill , to make provisions agreeable to said resolutions.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee of supply the preceding day , relative to the Army Estimates ; and the various resolutions were agreed to , and bills ordered accordingly.—The bill for repealing the Irish Additional Defence act was read a second time . moved the order of the day for the house to resolve itself into a committee on this bill . The house having resolved itself accordingly , on the resolution being read , that there be granted a duty of 28s . a ton on iron , said , he had not supposed the right hon .