. ( Mr. Canning ) , that the average had been fairly taken . His principal object , however , in rising , was to justify himself and his friends for having formerly consented to continue the act , and now voting for its repeal . It was within his knowledge that the illustrious character who first proposed the act which it was the object of the bill before the house to repeal , never intended that it should operate as a measure of finance . He also knew that it was his intention to make many very material alterations in it . The act as it appeared at present , defective and inefficient as it was , could , not he said to be the same with that brought forward by the illustrious person who first , suggested it . He saw the house was impatient for the question , and he would not take up more of its time than was sufficient for declaring , that he voted for the repeal of the act , upon a full conviction that it had not answered the purpose originally intended.—The question being loudly called for , the gallery was cleared for a division , but none took place . The house afterwards went into a committee pro forma , after which it re- 31 sumed , the chairman reported progress , and having obtained leave to sit again the next day , the house adjourned at one o'clock . In the committee of privileges new resolutions were passed respecting claims to the Roos peerage , in order to shew the derivation of the claimants , through the Manners family , from the family of Roos , and also to save the claim of the Duke of Rutland to any barony of that name . The co-heirs in whom the barony is declared to be in abeyance were placed in the resolutions in the following order , sir T. W. Hunloke , the Earl of Essex , and lady Henry Fitzgerald—Strangers were for some time excluded , during which , we understand , a Mr. Broadhurst , clerk to Mr. Baron Graham , attended at the bar , in pursuance of the order of the house , to answer to the charge of insulting Mr. Dyke , one of the door-keepers of the house of lords , while on duty in the high court of parliament in Westminster-hall . He was ordered to be reprimanded , and was accordingly reprimanded by the lord chancellor and discharged , paying his fees—Upon our re-admission we found the earl of Romney addressing the house respecting a petition he had presented from the respondents in an appeal from the court of chancery , wherein Mrs. Fitzherbert is the appellant , relative to the guardianship of Miss Seymour , daughter of lord Hugh Seymour , now under the protection of that lady , praying that an early day might be appointed for hearing the appeal . After a few words from lord Grantley , the petition was read.—The lord chancellor thought that , from the state of the business before the house , it was impossible to make any order respecting the case then . He suggested as the only mode they could adopt , that the petition should lie on the table , and a day be appointed for its consideration.—Lord Eldon concurred in this suggestion , and moved that the petition should be taken into consideration on Monday fortnight . This motion , after a few words from the earl of Romney , was agreed to . The Duke of Clarence presented a petition from certain merchants and ship-owners of the port of London , against the Slave Importation bill , and moved that the petitioners should . 32 be heard by their counsel against the bill on the 2d reading that day . A long conversation ensued respecting the propriety of hearing counsel , the result of which was that counsel were ordered to be heard , it being understood that , according to the rule of the house , only two counsel were to be heard on all the petitions against the