prove pregnant with more injurious consequences than many gentlemen could well conceive . He was well assured it would prove highly injurious to our 592 commercial interests in the colonies ; and he wished to be informed , if there ever was a period in our history , in which our colonial trade had been in greater danger than it was at the present moment ? but the house had been told , it must give some opinion on the . subject ; and the resolution said , the Slave Trade was contrary to every principle of justice , humanity , and sound policy . As to the question of justice , he could by no means acquiesce in it ; but while we were so strenuous in favour of justice to the Africans , we should not lose sight of it towards one another ; and it was not at all clear , in his mind , that it was just in the mother country to treat the colonies in the way she had done , by first giving legislative encouragement to the traffic in question , and afterwards , when large properties had been embarked in it , endeavouring thus to put a stop to it , and thereby involving in beggary and ruin , those who had risked their property , and thereby added greatly to the wealth , prosperity , and aggrandisement of the whole empire . He could not help expressing his great surprise at what had been said by a right hon . and learned gent . ( the Solicitor-General ) who had introduced a degree of warmth and violence of language , that night , which had not been heard in the house for many years ; had reverted to the expressions originally used on the subject , of rapine , robbery , and murder ; and he wondered , as he had taken up the matter so warmly , that he had not also mentioned the cruelties of the middle passage , the murder by Capt . Kimber , & c. which had been all proved since to be fabrications and fictions , but which had been used with considerable effect in the outset of the business . As to the trade itself , he could prove , it had been sanctioned by the authority of the wisest and most pious legislators . If he was mistaken , his pious friend near him could set him right . The hon . general then quoted the 25th chapter of Leviticus , out of which he read the 44th , 45th , and 46th verses , as follows : — '' Both thy bordmen and thy bond-maids which thou shalt have , shall be of the heathen that are round about you ; of them shall ye buy bond-men , and bond-maids . Moreover , of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you , of them shall ye buy , and of their families that are with you , which they begat in your land , and they shall be your possession . And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you , to inherit them for a possession ; they shall be your bondmen 593 `` for ever . '' The above clearly proved , that slavery had from the earliest times , been countenanced and authorized by religion itself . It was equally certain , it had been encouraged at various periods , during and since the reign of Elizabeth . As to the doctrine of the right hon . and learned gent . respecting indemnity , he did not know where he had learned it ; but , in that house , whenever , in the various discussions which had taken place , the subject of indemnity had been mentioned , it had never been denied , that the merchants of Liverpool , and the planters in the colonies also , were all entitled to it . Would the house say , that the justice they would extend to the Africans , they would refuse to their own countrymen . He would repeat what