by agents going over there from British houses , and purchasing from the funds of this country . He congratulated the rt . hon . bart . on the circumstance of the Irish Loan being raised this year at 7s . per cent less than the Loan for England , which was certainly a symptom of the growing prosperity of the country . As one means of continuing and increasing that prosperity he would recommend to the ministers of that country , to take measures for equalising the exchange . Much , however , was done by the conduct of the late Board of Treasury , which left it on the 5th of Jan. last , without one farthing of unfunded debt or Treasury bills unpaid ; a circumstance he believed which scarcely ever happened in that country before . The bad consequence complained of , as arising from the too great issue of paper , was in some measure remedied by the conduct of the late Treasury in sending over silver tokens . The quantity so transmitted was to the value of 250,000l . in silver , and the remainder in copper , making in the whole 359,439l . But even that was far from being sufficient for the wants of the country , which would at least require a circulation of silver to the amount of one million . He had already stated , that when the members of the late Board left the Treasury , not a farthing remained due to any one person on the establishment ; nor did their successors find any arrears whatever or any balance due . In the year before that , there was in the hands of the Receiver General a balance of 350,000l . all of which they recovered , except about the sum of 11,000l . It was true , however , that they also took off all the emoluments before attached to the office of Teller of the Exchequer , for which it was their intention to make a compensation , after having recovered from him a balance of 150,000l . Such were a part of the practical effects of the new regulations he introduced into different departments , but they were nipped in the bud about time close of the last session , notwithstanding that the most material of them were supported by the Commissioners of the Customs . By the estimate made in last June twelvemonth , he cal- 43 culated increase in the Revenue of 800,000l . to which he expected to add 400,000l . by the duties on distilleries and malt ; but as these articles did not rise in price , the last calculation was not realized . He then entered at large into a justification of the measures adopted in his Administration , and into the produce of the various taxes in different periods ; from which he inferred , that in the last year and a half there was an increase of 1½ million which would Shew that the resources of the Irish Revenue were not misconceived by him . The rt . hon . baronet had stated , that there was of the produce of last year , 240,000l . remaining in the hands of the Collectors , which , however , would be made good ; but he might also have added , that there was a great defalcation in the collection itself . For instance , the entries on coachmakers and braziers were not collected at all , and the smuggling of tobacco in Ireland was too notorious for him to be under the necessity of proving it . The wine duty also , which in 1800 produced a revenue of 200,000l . was in a great measure lost to the public , by allowing merchants to place the cargoes in warehouses , by which they evaded the payment of the duties , at the same time that they charged them to their customers . In proof of this , he said that 20 or 30 ton of wine were , in one day , taken openly from the quays of Dublin , without , paying any duty