now called upon the house to repeal , without condescending to shew them , by any explanation or argument , that in such terrible times as the present could justify them in abandoning a bill , which , though not so productive as it was expected to be by the rt . hon . gent . Who introduced it , was yet productive to a degree far beyond what he ( Mr. Yorke ) could have supposed . It was surely but reasonable , before the independent members of that house could be expected by any set of ministers to abandon a bill , by the operation of which , 10,000 recruits a year were superadded to the production of the ordinary recruiting service , which was 12,000 men per annum , that some candid explanation should be given of the plan to the substituted in its place , and the merits of that plan fairly submitted to some discussion , in order that the house might be enabled to form an estimate of the value of that which they were to offer in lieu of that which they abandoned , and of which they already knew the value from experience . But the rt . hon . gent . notwithstanding all the questions put to him , all the solicitation by which he was repeatedly urged to come to some discussion on his plan , preserved the most inexorable taciturnity , and would not deign to enter into any further explanation of a measure , which went to involve the very existence of the country , the discussion of which should of absolute necessity precede any repeal of the present measure . The rt . hon . gent . then proceeded , at considerable length , to recapitulate many of his former objections against the plan proposed by the rt . hon . secretary , which , so far from being digressive or irregular , he considered as intimately connected with , and perfectly relevant to , the subject now before the house . It was obvious already , from returns before the house , that the annual decrease of the army by casualties was 15,000 men , and that the supply by recruits , under the ordinary system , was 12,000 men , and by the bill now in question 128 10,000 ; which made a surplus of 7000 per annum to the force of the country . Would not the rt . hon . gent . then vouchsafe to shew how his measure was likely to produce such a supply of men , before he ventured to call upon that house to abandon , and set loose all the old and established systems of recruiting the army , which had raised the public force of this country to a pitch unparalleled in any former period of its history , and greatly beyond the proportion of its population , upon any scale ever witnessed in any country of Europe . In fact , the only rational principle in the rt . hon . gent . 's plan , was copied from the Army of Reserve bill , which gave men the option of enlisting for a limited , or long service ; and that bill would be abolished by the present , as well as every other mode of recruiting hitherto adopted with advantage . The system of balloting , which had been so peculiarly advantageous in raising the force of the country to its present pitch , was also to be abandoned for a system of voluntary enlistment with low bounties , which every man must be convinced , from the experience of the last ten years , was totally inadequate to keep up the army to its ordinary force , even under the present annual diminution of casualties . But what would become of such a system , when the probable losses in battle were to be added to the computation ? Hitherto , this country had been in the habit of making war upon easy terms , and rarely lost a great number of men in the field since the affair of Fontenoy , when