for trespassing so long upon the committee and preventing the noble master general of the ordnance ( ld Moira ) from rising , who he was sure would oppose this measure and would tell their lordships that by the effect of this measure the artillery would be destroyed ; who would tell them that men in that corps , from 650 the experience they gained in the course of 7 years of service , became expert engineers , and were capable of obtaining great emolument in various ways , and who would not therefore stay a moment longer than the expiration of the first term of service . That noble lord would therefore doubtless tell the Committee , that under the operation of such a measure the artillery could not be kept up . What , likewise , would be the effect upon our colonial service ? Was he to understand that in the West Indies , after giving 70l . or 80l . for slaves to form black regiments , that those persons , after their terms of service had expired , were to be thrown loose upon society , and under the measure now proposed , his majesty would not have the power to retain them ? How , also , would it affect the troops sent out to our colonies ? It would be impossible for the commanders to ascertain with any precision the number of men it would be necessary continually to replace ; they might send for a number of men instead of those whose terms were near expiring , whilst in the mean time those whose terms of service were longer , might be carried off by disease . The regiments also , whose terms of service were near expiring , would hesitate to go to a distant clime on any emergency . Another objection also arose from the effect which such a measure would have upon the army as already constituted . Men whose services were for life could scarcely see without jealousy others by their side whose terms of service were continually expiring , and who Were thus enabled to return to their families . These objections pressed forcibly on his mind , and operated directly against this measure , which had been rejected after mature deliberation by his right hon . friend deceased ( Mr. Pitt ) , who was then at the head of administration ; and he trusted the modern Alexanders would pay some respect to the plans of Philip . He concluded by moving to leave out all the words of the oath which contained the limitation of service . said , he wished to state shortly to their lordships the reasons which induced him to support the proposed plan of limited service . He thought , in reasoning upon this subject , that it was impossible to draw any other conclusion , than that men would be much more readily induced to enlist into the army for 7 or for 10 years , with the prospect of being enabled to return to their families at the expiration of that period , crowned with laurels , and enjoying those benefits which this measure held out to them , than to enlist for life , and of course without 651 any such prospect . It was a necessary conclusion drawn from experience and observation of human nature . The relations and friends of those inclined to enlist would besides rather encourage , or at least not throw obstacles in the way of such an inclination as they were disposed to do under the present system , where the man was taken from them for life . The operation of this principle would , he thought , continue to fill the ranks of the army in succession , as the terms of service of others expired , and would induce many of a better class to enlist where there was a certainty of their being enabled to return to the bosom of their families , or resort to other occupations , at the expiration of a certain fixed period . The noble lord had argued as if it would become