. concluded , with moving— '' That there be laid before this house , a return of all the buildings , of every description , rented or hired by government , and used as barracks or places for lodging , or containing officers and soldiers of the army , or of persons and horses attached to the army ; that the said return do embrace every building which has been so rented , or hired , and so used , in the whole of G. Britain , between the 1st day of Jan. 1793 , and the 24th of June , 1806 : That the said return be exhibited in 15 columns , placed in the order , and containing the several heads here following , viz.—1st , The date of the year and of the month and day when each building respectively was taken ; 2d , The county and parish in which the building is situate ; 3d , The name or phrase describing the building ; 4th , The number of officers that are , or have been , generally quartered or lodged in the building ; 5th , The number of non-commissioned officers and men , and of horses , that are or have been generally quartered or lodged in the building ; 6th , The name of the proprietor of the building ; 7th , The name and rank of the officer or person by whom the building was taken on the part of government ; 8th , The weekly rent or hire of the building ; 9th , The yearly rent or hire of the building ; 10th , The name and rank of the officer or person , or officers or persons through whose hands the rent , or 1178 hire , has been paid to the proprietor of the building ; 11th , The time when any alteration ( if any ) in the rent or hire of the building was made ; 12th , The weekly rent or hire of the building , subsequent to such alteration ; 13th , The yearly rent or hire of the building , subsequent to such alteration ; 14th , the time when the building was given up , if not now occupied by government ; 15th , The account of the whole of the sums which have been expended in repairs upon the building : and the said returns do exhibit all the names and descriptions of the said buildings , following one another in due chronological order , the building first taken by government standing first , and the building last taken standing last . '' said , that when he first interfered in this business , in putting the previous question on the hon . gent . 's motion , it was because he was convinced , that very considerable abuses prevailed in the barrack department ; and the only objection he then had to the motion of the hon . member was , that a military board was now sitting , especially appointed by parliament , for waking an enquiry into this very department . From this committee , a report was expected to be received , he believed , to-morrow ; and were he in the place of the hon . gent. , he should defer his motion till he had seen that report . If , however , the hon . gent . thought fit to persist in his motion , he should certainly make no objection to it . wished to know of the hon . gent . whether he meant to ground any enquiry on the papers he had moved . for ? As he thought it not quite candid to move for voluminous papers , in which the characters of individuals were implicated , which papers went abroad , and those characters became injured , without having any opportunity allowed of defending themselves ; he thought , that as there was a board of commissioners now sitting , which was expressly appointed by parliament , for investigating the accounts of the barrack department , the house should not sutler any other enquiry to be entered upon