enormous and partial burthen upon the landed property . Having , in fact , completely failed of effect under its natural operation , when it did become , under recent and extraordinary exertions , in any degree productive , it , was rendered only so by a violation of its own principles ; namely , by the employing of crimps , by recruiting out of the limited districts , 273 and by offering ( and that upon the suggestion of high authority ) bounties considerably higher than the regimental recruiting-officers , and thereby not only creating a rivalry in bounties with the regular service , but impeding the business of recruiting . He trusted it would not be thought too much for him to ask , that this obnoxious and unproductive measure might be removed out of the way of the recruiting service , to which it had been an impediment . His lordship concluded by moving , `` that the bill for the repeal of the Additional Force act , be now read a 2d time . '' said , that as he was the person who had originally proposed for their lordships ' adoption the bill which it was now proposed to repeal , he felt it his duty , thus early , to rise in the defence of that measure : though he was ready to admit the bill had not been so productive as was originally expected , yet it certainly had been , in a very great degree , much more so upon a comparative scale than his noble friend had seemed disposed to admit . He was not , however , so wedded to the bill , as to insist upon retaining it at all events ; but still he thought it would behove their lordships to pause before they consented to repeal a bill which had been productive of considerable advantage , until at least they saw some measure proposed as a substitute for it . Much as had been said against what was termed the oppressive principle of this measure , he begged to call to their lordships ' recollection , that previously to the original adoption of this bill , such was the military state of the realm , and so inadequate the produce of recruiting by ordinary means , that the government and legislature found it absolutely necessary not only to retain , but to extend the compulsory system , which had been originally adopted in the militia , and which was afterwards followed up in the Army of Reserve act ; a measure he highly approved . He believed it would not be expected of any minister to ensure the success of any untried measure proposed by way of experiment . The most that the wisdom of man could do was to suggest a plan the most likely to be successful in practice ; and he believed it would be admitted , there never was any plan which , in theory , promised to be attended with more certain and rapid effect . However , he would acknowledge , that the result had certainly not been equal to the expectations formed of its success , owing in a 274 great measure to the inexperience , misunderstanding , or negligence of those entrusted with its execution . Had the powers of government continued a little longer in the hands of his majesty 's late ministers , it was their intention to have suggested some amendments in the bill , such as enlarging the districts for recruiting , and the time for making returns by the parish officers , which , with some other minor alterations , and the experience these officers would have acquired , would have considerably facilitated the operation of the bill . The noble lord then went into a short series of comparative calculations ; to shew that the bill , even under all the objections made to it , had not been so unproductive as had been represented . He wished to give his majesty 's ministers time to prepare such a measure as was fit to be substituted in its place ; and he concluded