call his witnesses , and examine them at the bar . then moved , that the 18th be inserted instead of the 10th of June . said , that the 18th had already been fixed upon ; but the hon . gent . might move , that his witnesses should attend on the 18th . observed , that the noble lord , who proposed the 18th , did it with a view to have a decision on that day . For his part , he only wished to have a decision this session . The hon . gent . might call his evidence on the 10th , if consistent with the orders of the house ; and it might be considered on the 18th . He hoped , at all events , that the matter would not be delayed beyond the present session . observed that , whatever might be the wishes of the hon . general , they could not supersede the established rules of the house . Evidence might be laid on the table ; but oral evidence could only be taken when the subject was under consideration . The order then was , to consider it further and further , as there should appear occasion . Though the hon . gent . moved that his witnesses should be called on the 18th ; yet it was not to be understood , that they were therefore to be heard . He concluded by declaring , that though the forms of the house could not be violated , yet that every facility ought to be given to the business , that the time of the house , and the interests of substantial justice , would allow . said , that no one had ever , in a similar situation , proceeded so rapidly as he had done . There should be no delay on his part . wished to know whether the hearing of evidence was equivalent to the taking a thing into consideration ? If printed evidence was received before the period of entering upon the consideration of a subject , why should not oral evidence ? If we could get over this difficulty , the evidence might be heard in the mean time . replied that , by the forms of the house , oral evidence could not be received , except when a subject was under consideration , and this was the case : he apprehended , for these , among other reasons , that proper limits might be set to the evidence , and that the members might have it as fresh as possible in their recollection . then moved , that the fol- 520 lowing gentlemen be ordered to attend the house on the 18th , viz . lord Teignmouth , general sir Alured Clarke , gen. sir J. Craig , lieut . col. Edward Baynes , major-general St. Leger , col. Alex . Kidd , and H. Strachey , esq . said , that Mr. Strachey was under orders for India ; and that it would be hard , if he should be detained by order of the house . said , that this gentleman had been private secretary to the governor , during the transactions at Furruckabad and other places , and must , of course , be well acquainted with them . But he would still waive the order as to him , if it would occasion him any serious inconvenience ; it being understood , however , that he was to attend , if he should not have quitted the country . Upon this , Mr. Strachey was struck out of the motion ; which was then agreed to . The house , on the motion of sir J. Newport , resolved itself into a committee , to take into consideration the propriety of a motion for leave to bring in a bill to establish a free intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland , in the mutual export and import of certain species of grain between the two countries . The house accordingly resolved into a committee . rose and observed , that there were some difficulties in the way