per day to field officers . This pittance would not enable them to pay the tax on property , which had been imposed during the present session , since every officer , who received 200l . a year , would have to pay 20l . out of it . He could have wished , that a still larger addition had been made to the pay of captains . replied , that , besides his increase of pay , every field-officer was to receive forage for one horse . In answer to what had fallen from an hon . general , with regard to officers of the 1136 guards , he observed , that as they had necessarily private fortunes of their own , they did not need the present addition , and he could speak , from his own knowledge , of that body , acquired from long service in it , that they would disdain the idea of serving for money alone . But the allowance of forage for one horse was , also , to be extended to them . wished to know , what addition was to be made to the pay of militia officers ? replied , that the increase was only to extend to subalterns , on the principle that the field-officers must necessarily be men of fortune . observed , that if people could be found to fill the rank of officers , without pay , and actuated by the love of honour and distinction alone , it would be so much the better . But since this was not to be generally expected , they must be influenced by the mixed consideration of pay and honorary distinctions . Now the higher rank of officers in the guards was really one of these considerations , by which men were apt to be influenced . wished to know , whether it was meant to reimburse officers for the expence of the property tax ? If this were not done , what the house gave with the one hand , it took away with the other . replied , that this was a subject winch could only have come before the house , with propriety , when that tax was discussed . expressed his regret , that his right hon . friend had not found it possible to extend the addition to captains in the militia . Of late , the difficulty of procuring them had been so great , that colonels of the militia had been empowered , by act of parliament , to take captains from half-pay of the line ; and many subalterns had also been promoted to that rank , who had not the usual qualification in land ; but as no alteration could be made in the present resolutions , there was only one remedy which could be applied , and that was by addressing the crown , that a similar addition might also be extended to them . Unless such an augmentation should take place , he pledged himself to submit a motion to the house on the subject , in the next session of parliament . acknowledged , that there was a certain number of the militia officers , of the description that had been mentioned . But , besides , that they had not passed 1137 through any subordinate situations , it was improper that the interests of a few should prevent any general regulation with regard to that body . observed , that this difficulty in procuring officers , with the legal qualification , arose from the late great extension of the militia ; and when they were diminished , the difficulty would cease.—The resolution was then agreed to.—A 2d resolution , granting a sum of 3829l . 19s . 3d . for defraying the charge of increased pensions to officers ' widows ; and a 3d , granting a sum of 50,000l . to cover the increased charge of the out-pensioners of Chelsea hospital , were also agreed to . moved the order of the day , for the house to go into a committee on the Militia Officers ' Bill . strongly objected to the