period , an addition- to his pay of 3s . a day . This was founded on the obvious principle of his being enabled to support , at such a time , a certain higher degree of rank . It was , besides , thought proper , that some addition should be made to the pay of captains of a certain standing in the army . After ten years service , it was desirable that some increase of pay should take place . At present , such officers were entitled to the rank of brevet-major , and it was now proposed that they should receive an addition of 2s . per day . It was also proposed to grant an additional allowance to lieutenants of 7 years standing . During war , promotion advanced with so much rapidity , that there were seldom any instances of this sort ; but in peace the case was different , and promotion became more slow ; hence there was an evident propriety in making some addition . He then concluded with moving , That the sum of 161,700l . 9s . 11d . be granted for defraying the expense of these additional allowances for 183 days , from June 25 to Dec.24 . made several observations on the pay of subalterns in the guards , which , he contended , was too small . He thought , also , that the lowest sum on which an ensign could subsist was 5s . 8d . per day . thought the common opinion incorrect , which went to regulate the pay of officers exactly by subsistence , and to increase the pay of the lower orders , for the purpose of bringing them nearer the higher . All this seemed founded on a false assumption . The consequence of the present system was , that none could enter the army as officers who had not something else besides their mere pay . This was important , in a constitu- 1135 tional view , since it prevented them from becoming mercenaries , and gave them an interest in the country which they defended . Besides , there had been no difficulty , of late , in procuring officers , even when the pay was , confessedly , more inadequate than it was now proposed to be made . But it was also an object of importance , that subalterns should look forward to something higher , when their emoluments might be better proportioned to their expenditure . The ground of the whole system was , that the pay of officers , though not generally adequate , might yet be so , in particular instances , by means of extraordinary economy . Thus , in addition to those who entered the army with some property of their own , there might be others , impelled , perhaps , by a strong military inclination , though destitute of all other resources , who might go on , for a time , by dint of rigid economy , and struggle through the situation of subalterns , till they arrived at a higher rank . It was not thought necessary , that an easier species of admission should be granted to the lower ranks of society . Young men , also , who entered the army , generally received that assistance from their relations , which , at a more advanced period , was not to be expected , and were then better able to submit to privations of every kind , while the increase of their pay would advance , in proportion to their rise in their profession . He had no doubt , that a sufficient number of individuals would always be found possessed of magnanimity enough to bear all these inconveniencies , with the prospect of improving their situation in the army . These were the grounds on which the present scale of additions was calculated . observed , that having spent the best part of his life in the army , he had a fellow-feeling for all those who belonged to it , and could not but admire the wonderful addition of 1s . 1d .