accidents by flood and field , '' while Desdemona , the daughter perhaps of a village landlord , after hastening to serve a customer with a tankard of ale , would return , and `` with greedy ears devour up his discourse . '' This was a natural and the service would by this means be rendered much more attractive to multitudes . Why , then , when you bad these motives to offer , it was in the highest degree impolitic to stop and counteract their 429 operation , by rendering the service , which was unlimited in point of space , also unlimited in point of time . The hon . general would , therefore , perceive that his alternative was deficient , for unlimited service in point of space might be a boon , while unlimited service in point of time was a check . The effect of this plan then , sooner or later ; would be to rouse- that feeling of ardour and heroism , which undoubted existed in great numbers of the people of this country . It was our duty to put no bar in the way of the full effect of this spirit , by rendering the service unlimited as to time ; for the ardour of many must be very much damped by the circumstance that they can see no end to their service . He would not dwell any longer on this point , which must be so plain and obvious to every one . Of the effects of this plan of limited service in point of time , he had the fullest and most confident reliance , as a permanent resource for procuring supplies of men for the army . Then , the next point was to enquire into the inconveniencies and evils which it had been said would attend this measure . These might be comprised under 3 general heads ; 1st , the effect which it would produce on the character of the army ; 2dly , its effects with regard to the colonial service ; and 3dly , the loss of those numbers that would be discharged at the end of the terms . Now , as to the first of these heads , namely , the character of the army , it was one to which we must be disposed to listen with seriousness and attention , not from any belief that there was any thing in the argument , but merely on account of the high importance of the subject . After a view of all the services to which his attention bad been directed , and of the particular distinctions in the character of this country , he must say , that the objection , as to the effects of this plan on the character of the army , had no foundation . But then , how did this couple with the .other objection relative to the discharge of the men during a war ? The expedient to cure this was to make the men serve for a term of years , or during the war . But how did this relate to the character of the soldier ? If a man knew that he was to be discharged at the end of 7 years , it appeared be could not be a proper soldier ; but if he served 5 years , or during the war , he might retire at the end of the 5 years with the character of the most efficient soldier ! But the fact was , that this uncertainty , for which some were contending , was the thing 430 which would strike at the very root of the military character . In considering limited service , as it had existed among different nations , the hon . general had left out the monarchy of France . Now , why a monarchy should be omitted , which had lasted 1400 years ; which existed in a military and populous country ; which , in point of military regulations , had been a model to Europe ; he could not conceive . If he left that out of