, at the same rate that has taken place in the five years since the Union ; the debt in five years more will be 90 millions ; in ten , 120 ; and in 15 , 150 millions : the interest of which it will be quite impossible for the people of Ireland to pay . He did not however , mean , that a change in the system should be rashly and hastily adopted , for it would be to no purpose to impose new taxes unless the collection of those at present existing was made effective . It would be with the house to decide , whether it would take care in time of the revenues in Ireland , which may here after be of advantage fo England , or by neg- 48 lecting them , to make the expences of Ireland a new burthen on the people of England . said , that the failures in Ireland had been considerable , and he heard with pleasure of the means embraced for preventing their recurrence . The policy of raising the supplies for the public service within the year for which they were applicable , he thought most salutary and sound , but the right hon . baronet had not proposed to raise more than 6 or 700,000l . more than the interest of the debt , and therefore the civil list of Ireland , as well as the navy and army , remained unprovided for . The equalization of the currency between this country and Ireland was a very desirable measure , and one which was not now first agitated ; but it had been found that many preliminary steps were necessary to its accomplishment . thought , that , considering the great debt , and the extent of the taxation , the specie of Ireland was not sufficient for all the purposes of that country . There was no solid ground for taking off the restriction on the Bank of Ireland so long as it continued in England . If , whilst the exchange continued at 11 against Ireland , the restriction were to be removed , there would not , in a short time , be a guinea left in that country ; and , as long as it continued , he thought the small paper currency a necessary succedaneum for the common purposes of life , in the markets , and he did not see how it could be said to raise the course of exchange against Ireland . Some time ago the exchange was at 17 ; but now the issue of paper had very much increased , it was only 11 . The English and Irish guinea and shilling were of the same value ; it was in half-pence that there was a deficiency ; and by sending over a larger copper coin , the object of equalizing the currency would be answered.—To lower the interest of money in Ireland would be a most desirable thing ; and the great difficulty alledged to exist in effecting it , might be removed , by providing , that all bargains to be made should be only at an interest of 5 per cent . whilst those existing previous to the passing of an act , might be legalised , until the stipulated period of their expiration . The hon . member thought that the barriers against raising the supplies in Ireland within the year were insurmountable , as the money was so necessary to the trades and manufactures ; and thought that , considering the loan of four millions , the taxes proposed by the rt . hon . baronet were more mild and moderate than could have been expected . said , that heavy taxes could not be imposed upon Ireland at the time a supply was necessary , consistently with any wise or efficient principle . This had been strictly exemplified in the last additional tax upon wine , which had operated so as to occasion a defalcation in the last year of 74,000l . from a revenue of about 320,000l . which it had yielded the year before . This