upon the subject of the bill , but I think without being fortunate enough to supply that degree of argument and conviction which has been so much desiderated from the other side of the house . One point , however , he has , entirely omitted , upon which it would have been particularly desirable , and from that noble lord it might perhaps have been reasonably expected , that we should derive some information , I mean the question of expence . The right hon . gent . the author of the bill , expressed , on a former night , a wish that he had found leisure to look over the calculations , a wish in which the , house and the country may have good reason to join . My hon . and learned friend near me , ( Mr. Perceval ) and my noble friend , ( lord Castlereagh ) , upon this acknowledgment , that ministers had not turned their attention to the subject , ventured to suggest , with all becoming deference , such rough and imperfect estimates on this head as the few data in possession of the house , and the unenlightened diligence of men out of office , could furnish . But these suggestions were so ill received , so confidently scouted , as full of error and exaggeration , that it became impossible not to suppose , that though the right hon . gent . whose immediate business it was to bring in the bill , had not had leisure to look into this material part of it , some other of his majesty 's ministers had thought it their duty to take the task off of his hands ? and when the chancellor of the exchequer rose , it was natural to look to him for information upon a subject not wholly unconnected with his department . 546 Upon this subject , however , the noble lord has not said one word ; and the house is now called upon to pass a bill which obviously and notoriously entails a vast expence upon the country , without any official estimate , without any ministerial statement , without the smallest information by which to form a calculation , or even a conjecture , . as to the amount of the burden which they are imposing . All that we know is , that 330,000l . a year ( for of so much we have an estimate ) is a part only , and a small part , of the whole amount . With respect to the remainder , the only intelligence that we have been able to obtain , is , that the expence will not be so great as it was estimated by my noble friend , namely , about two millions a year.—Another main objection to the whole of this plan , which the right hon . gent . who introduced it had never , condescended to answer , the noble lord and others who preceded him in this debate have this night attempted to remove : I refer to the difficulties attending the colonial service . The noble lord instances the practice of the East India Company , who engaged their recruits for limited service , ( a term of five years ) , and who , as the noble lord avers , never in any instance broke faith with them in India , and suffered no inconvenience from adhering to their engagements . I will not enter into the question of good faith ; the testimony on that point is certainly not unanimous . It is sufficient to remark that , whether from feeling any inconvenience or not , the India Company have some years since , at the suggestion of lord Cornwallis , wholly abandoned that mode of enlistment ; that there remains , I believe , but one battalion whose service is upon that tenure ; and that with the exception of that battalion , all the troops now serving in the East Indies are enlisted for an indefinite term . It may be added , that the whole of the troops so engaged