live , or against whose decease it was so little necessary to take More than ordinary precaution . Such was the opinion of the friends who had last seen him at Portsmouth . His astonishment was of course great when he heard of his decease , and considering all the circumstances of the case , it was his opinion , that no person could have been more proper to succeed him than sir G. Barlow . He would not , at the same time , say that it might not be right , in the first instance , to send out a person of rank in preference to a company 's servant . Sir G. Barlow 's being a company 's servant was neither for nor against his appointment ; but he would maintain , that if inflexible integrity , if the greatest capacity for and attention to business , if the utmost devotion to the interests of the company deserved that preference , no one could be better entitled to it than that gentleman ; and , what perhaps Would be of no little weight , he had the entire confidence of the noble person he succeeded . It was for these reasons that he thought it would be wiser in government to appoint sir G. Barlow , but still he would not blame them for exercising that right . What was the situation of sir G. Barlow ? Engaged as he was in critical negotiations , invested With great authority , and afterwards recalled , what impressions might not tin public receive from such an act ? One of two things should have been done . Either sir G. Barlow should not have been appointed , or he should have been continued . He did not suppose that an appointment likely to be attended with such important consequences had been made upon private grounds , but he wished that the noble baron had condescended to explain the public reasons for it . It had been said there had been no instance of such a motion as the present , but had there been an instance of such a proceeding as that which gave rise to it ? His lordship concluded with expressing his opinion , that under all the circumstances of the case no person should have been appointed to supersede sir G. Barlow in the government of India . admitted , that if the papers 964 moved for were matters of course , no objection ought to be made to the production of them . But as that was not the case , and no distinct ground had been made out , their lordships , he was convinced , would not agree to the motion . The powers of the governor and council were in as full force at present as ever in India . The principle of the noble lords opposite that because a successor was to be appointed to sir G. Barlow , a cessation of government , and anarchy would ensue in India , went too far . It would equally apply to all changes of the government of India . No such effect could happen where there was no change of sovereign , but a transfer of power from one individual to another , both subject to the same sovereign , and governed by the same laws . A governor general may die or resign , without notice to his superiors , and yet no such consequences would be apprehended . The supposition was a fallacy . As to the warrant , it undoubtedly had not been sent out , yet he was ready to meet the responsibility for having detained it . The act gave a power to retain the warrant in such cases , till the most convenient time for sending it out , with a view to the public interests ; as no ground whatever had been laid for the motion , he should oppose it . was of opinion , that the communication of the warrant of recal to the governor general was sufficient to supersede his powers , and looked upon that clause in the act which required