£.34,895,002 Debts , including Capital 36,328,403 Assets 34,895,002 Balance against £ 1,433,401 This balance will certainly stand less favourably , when the accounts are received , 1223 bringing down the expences abroad to April 1806 , before which time the peace reductions could not begin materially to operate , and a considerable reduction must be made , though by no means to the extent gentlemen are disposed to push it , from the Assets for bad Debts and Demands on government not allowed ; but , on the other hand , the Company have a considerable claim on any final settlement for their Dead stock amounting to 9,994,208l . They would also still stand possessed , if the charter Was terminated , a considerable revenues , arising from territories to which they long since became entitled , by grants and not by conquest . Of this description are Bombay , Fort St. George , Fort William , with their dependant territories , St. Helena , the northern Circars , subject to a question , and other possessions , the annual revenues of which in 1793 were estimated at 520,000l . —Upon a mere balance then of their capital wealth , compared with the claims upon them , after making all due deductions from the Assets for such claims as may be insolvent , and striking off the proportion of debt that must in equity follow the territories , and remain secured upon them till finally liquidated , the balance of such an account would , he had no doubt , leave the company in possession of ample means to discharge all demands upon them , including , their Capital Stock.—But the productive wealth of the Company ought to be measured , not merely by their capital , but by the ordinary produce of the concern in years of peace . In 1802 , their net proceeds arising from Surplus Revenue and Profits of Trade were estimated at 1,500,000l . after defraying all charges , an estimate which , from subsequent experience , it appears would have been fully realized , had we remained at peace.—If we were , then , to look at this question as a mere matter of account , without reference to the more enlarged functions the Company were intended to perform , it would be impossible to contend , upon any fair view of their wealth point of capital , or upon their presumeable clear income in time of peace , even after their own immediate profits have been secured in the Shape of dividends , that the Company can be considered in a state any thing approaching to insolvency , however their affairs may at the present moment severely experience the Pressure of war , and the extent and nature of their debt require , in sound policy , the most vigorous measures for its reduction.—There were a few other points that had 1224 been touched upon in the course of the debate , which he should wish to notice , before he proceeded to state what , in his conception , would be the state of the finances abroad at the winding up of the war , and the course which ought to be pursued for the effectual relief of the Company 's affairs . They might be classed under the following heads : 1st . The extent and nature of the Company 's trade , whether profitable or not ? 2ndly . Whether the commercial capital of the Company had become insufficient for carrying on their trade , and if so , from what sources the extra funds had been supplied ? 3dly . Whether in the general management of the Company 's affairs for a period of years , India stood indebted to Europe , or Europe to India ? and 4thly , as connected with , and arising out of the preceding points , to what purposes , whether of commerce or government , the produce of the various loans made abroad since the renewal of the charter , had been applied ? —And first , as to their Commerce , he conceived an hon . alderman ( Prinsep ) in