the brave and able conduct of their commanders , furnished an argument in favor of the Company 's commerce that will not soon be forgotten , and at this moment it will not be denied that the commerce of the East India Company supplies no inconsiderable portion of the force destined for the defence of this Capital in case of invasion.—sir , the list of his majesty 's navy bears testimony in favour of the commerce of the East India Company . And need I ask if the utility of this commerce is to be judged of by the balance of the head of profit and loss in the ledger ? or if it be any reproach to tins commerce that all which I have stated has not been 1204 accomplished without the aid of the Indian revenue ? certainly I am not prepared to say that the Company 's commerce could go on without that aid , on tie contrary I believe the commerce and the revenue to be necessary to each other , and their continued union to be essential to the vital interests of the state . Some years ago the worthy alderman and his friends brought forward another , and very captivating argument , against the Company 's commerce , and in favour of their own , but I know not if he has recurred to it on this occasion , not having been able to get down to the house the other evening until he had made considerable progress in his speech , viz . the idea of bringing all the trade of India to the river Thames , and making London the grand emporium of Asiatic commerce . This was certainly a magnificent project , and only two objections weigh with me against it . First , that it is impracticable ; and secondly , that if practicable , it would be unwise to effect it . Most of the maritime powers of Europe possess , or on the return of peace will probably again possess , ports and commercial factories in India . On the coast of Malabar , and from Cape Comorin to the Ganges , are those of the French , Dutch , Danes , and Portuguese , who are all as sensible of the Value of a trade with India as we are , and their merchants as eager in the pursuit of gain , only less enterprizing than ours . Is there then any rational hope that we can exclude foreigners from tins trade , or prevail on them to relinquish it , and consent to receive the produce of India only through the port of London ? But I have said that , if practicable , it would not be wise to effect it , mid here I would entreat of the worthy alderman to forget for moment his commercial character , and to consider this point only as a member of the state , and when in that capacity he shall have weighed it maturely , combining with it our present situation , and acquisitions in India , I would ask him , if no considerations occur to his mind as adverse to our obtaining for ourselves so invidious a preference ? I would beg of him to state how much he thinks we can afford to lose of the reputation we possess with foreign powers for moderation and liberality in what relates to our commercial , and naval interests , and preeminence . — Sir , there is one other consideration which I shall merely glance at : some persons I know are not sufficiently aware of its importance , but no reflecting mind not warped by views of private or pecuniary interest , will over- 1205 look it , or deem it visionary : it applies equally to the system of Indian commerce favoured by the worthy alderman , and to the late system of conquest and extension of territory in India . At present I shall confine myself to the former . The system desired by the worthy alderman , would substitute in the Indian trade , ships built in India for ships built