years before it would have any of the ill effects , did not mean , that , when the ill effects were approaching , the bill might be repealed . Before the public faith was pledged , it ought to be considered whether it could be kept , rather than lightly to give occasion for circumstances , in which the public faith and public safety would be at variance . As to the authority of the crown , the Mutiny act took no power from the king which , by the constitution , he had ; but came in aid of his authority , by fresh powers . Without the power of the Mutiny act , the king could not keep the army together , nor .govern it in time of peace ; and , in many respects , there would be much difficulty in governing it , in time of war , by the mere force of the prerogative . But this bill went to take from the king a power which , by the constitution , he was entitled to exercise ; namely , that of inlisting men on any terms of service he should think proper . The idea , that the same faith was not to be placed in a pledge from the crown and a pledge from parliament , was highly to be censured . The faith of the crown had been always most scrupulously adhered to , though , sometimes , particular officers may have been guilty of misrepresentation or misconception . When a trial was made under the prerogative , the antient system would be more easily reverted to , if the new one was found not to be satisfactory . In recent times , several species of inlistment had been tried by the authority of the crown : for life , for term of years , for service unlimited in space , and service more or less limited in that respect ; and all these without prescribing any one cause , so that the general system of unlimited service was easily reverted to , when it was found desirable . But now , when the nation was told it was relieved from a slavery , by the discontinuance of service for 499 life , and that a boon was given in the inlistment for term of years , how could the antient system be resorted to with justice or with safety , if , at the end of 10 years , it should be necessary ? The difficulty of re-engaging men would be in proportion to the desire to have the men . In the denial of the production of the opinions of the general officers ; the house was left to its own lights to judge of the question . He was particularly at a loss to conceive , how the right hon . gentleman 's plan could be applied to the colonies . This was always the opinion of military men on this subject , so far as he could collect . The right hon . gent . ought to have shown how the plan could be reconciled with the service of the colonies . The right hon . gent . was averse to his plan being called theory ; but it was the most fanciful of all theories , if it was to be considered without reference to practicability . What would the right hon . gent . have said to any of the constitution-makers seven years ago , if they had offered a particular constitution , saying , it is very good as it stands , but I know not whether it will be applicable to practice ? When the exigency was put to the men , at the end of their term of years , they would not understand any thing but their discharge . The removal of the men whose term was nearly expiring , to the 2d battalions , when the new regiment was ordered to the colonies , was a renewal of the odious system of drafting ; it would keep at home the veterans , exclusively fit for colonial service , and send