The harbour of Limerick , the city he represented , and one of the best commercial harbours in the kingdom , was choaked up by rocks , which , by estimate , might be removed at an expence of 2,000l . reminded the hon . col. , that these rocks were a natural obstruction , not a nuisance in the harbour ; and , that the proper mode of originating any grant , for the removal of them , would be , to submit a proposition , to that effect , in a committee of the whole house . admitted , that the suggestion of his hon . friend was entitled to the consideration of the house , and might be a subject for future discussion . As the object of it , however , was a grant of the public money , no clause , to that effect , could be introduced into the present bill . recommended his hon . friend , not to press his suggestion in this instance ; the mention of it , however , had been attended with this good effect , that , by the observations of the noble lord , his hon . friend was directed in what manner his object might be attained next session.—The bill was then read a 2d time . moved for leave to bring in a bill , to regulate the business of pilots navigating the British seas . The necessity of such a bill , he said , was become as obvious , as its utility must be important to the commercial interests of these countries , inasmuch as the losses sustained every year , both of property and lives , in consequence of the business of pilotage being frequently undertaken by persons unlicensed , ignorant , and unskilful , loudly called for some such regulations as he intended in the bill . He did not mean to press it through the house at this late . period of the session ; but , merely , that it should be read the 1st and 2d time ; and go into a committee , for such amendments as should immediately appear necessary ; 1147 and then to be printed , for the information of the parties interested , in order to such further suggestions as might be made , and to bring the measure forward in the next session of parliament , in as perfect a form as possible . seconded the motion , and only regretted the absence of several members interested in commercial concerns , who , he was sure , if they were present , would heartily approve the measure , and cheerfully join with him , in returning thanks to the noble lord for bringing it forward . It was not merely from the ignorance or unskilfulness of such pilots , that the extensive losses , in property and life , alluded to by the noble lord , annually occurred ; but from their combinations , their obstinacy , and their desire of extortion , in refusing to go out for the assistance of vessels in rough weather , or apparent danger , until they had made the most exorbitant stipulations with the mercantile interests in the different ports , for the reward of their services ; by which means their assistance was often delayed so long , as to come too late for the salvation of ship or crew . He hoped , therefore , the bill would include some measure of effectual regulation.—The motion was agreed to ; and lord Temple presented the bill , which was read the 1st time . moved the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee on this bill ; and , upon the question , that the speaker do now leave the chair , rose , he said , with considerable reluctance , to oppose a measure so congenial to the sense which the country entertained of the eminent services of that noble lord , in remuneration of which these annuities were now proposed . But , participating , as he did , most sincerely , in those