subject . replied , that the serjeant would instruct them , and the constable would instruct them , and the constable would stand by ( a loud laugh from the Opposition . ) Though gentleman might laugh , he would ask with Bayes in the Rehearsal , `` Where was the joke ? '' He could not preceive any thing laughable in this . The constable was to be present , and to assist the serjeant in the performance of his duty , and this he would be better enabled to do , from long habits of legal obedience in the people . observed that his right hon . friend 's training act had provided a captain , lieutenant , ensign , and serjeant , for every body of 120 men . Here there was some rational provision for discipline and obedience . But there was now to be a constable to take the man to prison , if he did not turn out his toes properly , or obey the signals of `` eyes right , '' or `` eyes left , '' with sufficient promptitude . They were to be taken from the plough or the loom , just as they were , and only one serjeant and a constable to teach or enforce discipline . observed that even in volunteer corps , the captain was more military in name than in reality : rather a civil than a military character ; and he had little doubt that the means now proposed to enforce obedience , would be just as effectual as those which had obtained among the volunteers . replied that the volunteers had more of the esprit du corps than was likely to belong to the motley collections under the present bill , and therefore were more likely to advance in discipline . was afraid that frequent quarrels would take place between the serjeant and the constable . Among the volunteers every thing was done by zeal and good will , but here all would be done by force and by the halbert . in answer to the observation of a noble lord with regard to the want of cloathing if called to act against the enemy , observed , that though in that case they could not be cloathed all at once , yet all those might be cloathed who were to act at one point ; and , besides , this could from no objection to their being prepared in the mean time . objected to the 865 clause allowing the deputy lieutenants to choose the time and place for training or exercising ; as he did not think that either deputy lieutenant , or any other person , would have a right to order any person to give up his field for that purpose , or even of bargaining for it . replied that he considered that any deputy lieutenant , or person under them , might make the bargain under the powers of this act . stated that many persons , whose opinions were intitled to great weight , objected to Sunday being appointed as the day of training . The actual consequences of its being at all allowed was , that drilling not only went on through the time of divine service , but inspections also took place . This produced a desertion of our churches , and a filling of our ale-houses on Sundays , which , he thought , was subversive of religion . As to the saving of money , that was a fallacious argument , for in every county the price of labour was so proportioned to the means of subsistence , that if men were to labour the seven days , they would receive no more than for working six days . considered , that the military instruction was so sacred a daty that it might well be performed of a Sunday . In other countries it had been practised without any ill effect . It was practised in Switzerland , and yet he never heard that the Swiss were either an immoral or an irreligious nation . The fact was , that unless the training