resistance , some persons fell ; some blood was spilt ; and this was what the hon . gent . imputed to the noble marquis as a murder . It was an act of public power , done-in-sup- 513 port of the laws of the country , like what would have been done against any class of British subjects , in similar resistance to the laws passed by that house ; and the house would judge how far it was just to describe such a measure by the epithet of murder . explained , that when he said the charge was warranted by the papers on the table , he could not be supposed to mean that it was proved . This was quite a different thing . said , a charge of murder was as well warranted against the lord lieutenant of Ireland , for the death of the rebels , slain in the suppression of the late insurrections in that country ; or against the magistrates of London , and the ministers of the time , for the death of those killed in the suppression of the riots in 1780. submitted whether this was a time to enter upon the merits of the case ; and expressed his hope , that the subject would be dismissed for the present . said , that it was impossible , in a case of this kind , to fix a particular day . The house could not , with any propriety , proceed to the consideration of the charge , till the whole of the evidence was before them . Papers had been moved for , which had been suppressed by the late board of controul , and had not yet been produced . complained of the illiberal manner in which he had been treated by the hon . and learned gent. , who said that he had suppressed papers , when he had only exercised a proper discretion , thinking that the communication would be injurious to the public service . He thought the learned gent . ought rather to have made a specific motion on the subject , and then he should be prepared to defend himself . These papers would not certainly justify the expression in the charge . said , that the papers in question related to troops and forts , and other matters of public notoriety , and were , therefore , the worst grounds in the world for the exercise of this discretion . As he was on his legs , he must say , that the word `` murder '' was improperly applied . agreed with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , that this was a most improper time for entering on the merits of the case ; and hoped , therefore , that the subject would be dropped.—The motion was then put and carried . rose , and stated , that a very general misconception prevailed as to the 514 exemptions to be allowed to persons having small incomes and large families . The measure which he intended to propose on that subject , was completely distinct from the Property tax ; and his object was to frame it in such a manner , that it should not be liable to the same objections as exemptions under the property tax . He might not have been misunderstood in that house ; but a wrong impressiom had been conveyed to the public by other channels . It was painful to him to be misconceived on this point ; and he now stated the matter again , in hopes that the wrong impression would be done away . The proposed relief would be afforded on a footing entirely distinct , and not liable to the objections which had been stated against any farther exemptions to be afforded under the Property tax . wished to know , whether the proposed relief was to be afforded in the Assessed taxes ? was not prepared to state precisely ; but the relief would be , at least , partly on the Assessed taxes , and would be in proportion of all children above two