, that there might be no intention imputed to him of wishing to take the house by surprise . He accordingly made his motion , which he prefaced by such observations as he thought could leave no doubt upon the mind of any gent . who heard him , as to the object of his motion , and the intention with which he meant to follow it up . The noble lord thought proper to resist his motion , and to vote for the previous question ; but now , when the extravagance of the barrack department , and the extraordinary opposition of the noble lord to his motion for papers to prove that extravagance , were in the mouth of every man who walked the public streets , the noble lord himself moved for a list of those very documents , which he verily believed was a copy of the identical motions which had been refused upon a former night . Really he thought it but reasonable to expect , that the noble lord 's motion this day would have been accompanied by some apology for a conduct so unaccountable . answered , that for the house he should certainly offer no apology for refusing , on such grounds as it thought fit , to comply with the motion alluded to ; and for himself he thought it sufficient to state , that he was not , on the former night , made acquainted with the hon . gent . 's object , so as to justify him in assenting to his motion . He now was acquainted with the purposes of his motion , and therefore moved to produce the papers in question . rose to explain , but was proceeding to a length which occasioned a general cry of chair ! chair ! upon which , the speaker reminded the hon . member of the order of the house , and he sat down.—The motions were then agreed to . pursuant to his notice given upon a former day , of a. motion for instituting a new commission of enquiry into the system of military expenditure in the West-India islands , rose now for the purpose of bringing it forward . He said , that although the immediate object of the motion he intended that night to propose , was the repeal of the act now in existence for instituting commissioners for enquiring into the system of military expenditure in the West-India islands , he hoped it would pot be thought obtrusive by the house , nor altogether irrelevant to the great topic of general enquiry into the expenditure of the state for some years past , that he should take that opportunity of stating the outlines of the measure now in the contemplation of his majesty 's government to bring forward , for a purpose so important and desirable ; and if , in so doing , he should find it necessary to trespass at some length upon the attention of the house , he should feel too high a respect for the justice and character of parliament , to suppose that any apology was necessary on his part for calling the attention of a British house of commons to one of its most sacred , important , and indispensable duties , namely , that of examining into the expenditure of the public money . In calling , then , the attention of the house to this subject , he should feel it necessary to advert to the modes by which the public accounts were heretofore examined and controlled . Previous to the establishment of the board of commissioners for this purpose , instituted under the auspices of a late right hon . gent . whom he had succeeded , the important office of examining and auditing the public accounts of the receipt and expenditure of the nation , was vested in two officers of the crown , and so continued down to the year 1785 . But those officers , like many others , were charged with duties so far beyond the reach of their exertions , and vested with powers so inadequate , that