now you are all alive for the privileges of the house of commons ! '' Supposing this were so , where was the contradiction and inconsistency ? Was it a recommendation to any plan that it commits two faults instead of one ? Was it an atonement and mitigation ? Was it not rather an aggravation of its faultiness , that having set out with invading the natural province of the crown , it concludes With assigning over to the crown what is the natural province of the house of commons ? Was it inconsistent in those who detected and exposed the first of these faults , to apply themselves with equal readiness to the conviction of the other , when brought under their view ? It had been complained of , and with great truth , ( and the complaint had been supported by argument , which , if ill founded , ought to have been refuted , but which remained uncontradicted to this hour ) that by taking into the hands of the house the detailed regulation of the military economy of the army , you invaded the province of the crown , and that to the extinction of which the crown alone was competent . It was now complained of with equal justice , that in executing that part of your system , to which the house of commons was competent , and which it was its peculiar right and duty to administer the pecuniary part , you , by the bill now before the house , wholly exclude the house of commons from any cognizance of the matter , and delegate the power of the purse , with an uncontrouled discretion to the crown . The crown was to make the distribution , to settle the amount , and the house of commons had nothing to do but to find the means of meeting the expence . But no , said the right hon . gent. , the time will come when the house of commons will have the whole subject before them , when the regulations themselves will be before them . Then , why not wait till then , before they pass any bill upon the subject ? O ! but it was necessary to have something to hold out to the soldier ; some pledge on the part of parliament . So it was a pledge , then ! and if a pledge that must be fulfilled , what became of the discretion of the house of commons ? The dilemma was inextricable , and the right hon . gent . had not even made one effort to es- 645 cape from it . But , after all , why were not the regulations ready to be laid before parliament now ? Was it possible that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) who certainly had given his undivided attention to this plan ; for nothing el e of any sort or kind he bad done , or appeared to think he had to do ; was it possible that after so many years consideration out of office , so much mature reflection in office before he brought forward his plan at all , that after that plan had now been two months announced to the house as perfected in all its parts , he was not now ready to bring forward the regulations , which after all were the vital part of his whole system ? It could not be . He had them ready : for he had framed the bill originally with clauses to detail them ; and precious clauses they were ; particularly those which were to give his majesty , in compensation to be sure for those parts of his royal prerogative which were taken away from him , a prerogative which he never dreamt of exercising , an unlimited power over the almanack . Days were to be weeks ; weeks , months ; and months , years , at his command ; two years were to be one and one year was to be two . Such clauses there were ; but what