of a clause into the Mutiny bill , giving the soldiers of the existing army , and those who should afterwards inlist , the right to demand their discharge after 3 years ' service , upon giving 3 months ' notice to the colonel in the former case . This system lasted , then , but 2 years ; for when the Whigs were in power , after the accession of the House of Hanover , they left the clause out of the bill , which was a strong proof of the notion our ancestors had of fanciful theories . He should not impute to the right hon . gent . any disorganising views ; but certainly , if lord Bolingbroke , as had been said , and as he believed , had any design of defeating the succession of the House of Hanover , he could not have taken a more effectual step for that purpose , than to disorganise the army that had fought under king William and the duke of Marlborough . The same system had been introduced in 1775 , and continued to the end of that war . The men were raised for three years , or during the Rebellion . In 1779 , the recruiting , which had , till then , been carried on under the authority of the king 's prerogative , was sanctioned by the introduction of a clause , similar to the present , into the Mutiny bill . 442 What the effect had been , he should shew from a comparison of three different periods . The first period he should consider was , the three first years of the present war , and that he should consider in three distinct views : 1st , the effect of the ordinary recruiting ; 2d , the effect of the ordinary recruiting , combined with the numbers that had volunteered from limited service ; and , 3dly , the whole number of men that had been raised for limited and unlimited service . The first view gave an average of 12,780 per annum ; the second , an average of 19,310 ; and the third , of 28,470 men per annum . He took this occasion to deny that the measures taken to raise these men had cut up the regular recruiting . He admired the wit of the right hon . gent . ; but the subject under discussion , was no joke ; and , when the house ought to look to that gent. , as secretary of state , both for information and argument , they had to expect something besides lively and witty flashes of imagination . The right hon . gent . ought , according to the humble saying , to be `` witty and wise . '' The next period he should consider was , the three first years of the last war , when his majesty 's ministers had acted upon a much wiser system than lord North , by raising the men in the usual way . The average of men raised per annum by the regular recruiting was 25,955 . In the three first years of the American war , when the whole number raised were for limited service , the average of the three first years was 11,631 men per annum . By these statements it appeared , that the greatest number of men had been raised in the three first years of this war , when the regular recruiting had been backed by subsidiary measures ; that the produce next in amount had been obtained when the recruiting had been made wholly for unlimited service ; and that the smallest number had been obtained when , in the first years of the American war , the limited service was exclusively resorted to , insomuch , that 50,000 more men had been raised in the three first years of the present war , than in the correspondent period of the American war . He had great respect for the talents of the right hon . gent . ; but , unless he could state some facts in support of his plan