time this day 3 months . said , that the amendments made in the committee on the bill , though satisfactory to some gentlemen , did not remove his objections altogether . It would in substance make no material alteration in the law as it stood at present , and he should oppose it , as not being operative to any effective purpose . observed , that the statute of William , in forbidding candidates being at the expence of supplying meat and drink to the voters , was founded upon salutary principles . This bill professed to be declaratory of that law , but as it allowed the payment of expences for loss of time , it left an opening for many abuses . There could be no standard for the amount of such charges , as the time of one man must be much more valuable than that of another . If at present there was no doubt as to the law , there could be no occasion for a declaratory bill , and he did not find that there was any contrariety in the decisions either of the courts of law , or of committees on 572 the subject . He opposed the bill therefore as nugatory . said , that he had been for many years a member of parliament , and had seen much of election contests . He had seen much of elections , and he did not know any way so effectual for correcting the bribery at elections , as that the expences of the out-voters should be paid jointly by the contending candidates , by previously depositing a sum of money in the hands of the returning officer , for defraying the expences of every elector who should apply for them . thought the opinion expressed by the hon . baronet a very unconstitutional one , and hoped the house would never sanction the payment of any money for a seat in parliament . said , he had only spoken as to the custom and practice , and not as to the theory of the constitution upon that doctrine . thought the hon . baronet was in an error , and misled by the right exercised by the returning officers , of calling upon candidates to pay jointly the expences of erecting the hustings , & c. He said , he liked the bill in its original state , which would prevent candidates , or their friends , from being at any expence whatever for elections . He saw no necessity for any charge , as the object was to have a free election . By the bill now under consideration , the candidate , though he paid no money directly , might agree with any innkeeper for the expence of carriages for conveyance ; and that being done , the other charge of meat and drink must necessarily follow . If persons abandoned those places where they had votes , by residing elsewhere , they had no right to expect conveyance at the expence of the candidate ; and when a man purchased even a small freehold in a place different from that of his residence , he did not do so in contemplation of a candidate being at the expence of his exercising his right of franchise . Nothing could , in his opinion , be so effectual in securing free elections , as a public and strict law , to prohibit the candidates from being at any expence . said , that as the proposer of this measure , he stood in the extraordinary situation , that , having in the committee got rid of a number of strong objections , his bill seemed to have gained a greater number of enemies . He had omitted those parts to which the greatest opposition was made , and yet it did not appear that he had 573 gained any friends by doing so . He was , however , convinced , that whatever might be the fate of this bill , in less than three years , something must be done to prevent the abuses it was meant to remedy