. restated his former argument , that farther allowances must be made to the volunteer corps , if the system was to be kept up . And what was to be allowed , should be so apportioned as to keep , at least , part of the volunteers together . He gave an instance of the alacrity of his own corps in the West Riding of York , which , on a false alarm , mustered , and partly marched . 15 miles within , fifteen hours , and out of 600 men only 9 were absent . He said , that permanent duty was more agreeable to the volunteers than duty at home . repeated , that it was necessary something should be done for the support of the volunteer corps , if they were to be kept up . He complained of a certain report from an inspecting officer , respecting the corps which he commanded , and which was printed and on the table . He said that it had been altered , and things put in , which were not in the original he had seen . stated , that it was an error that had crept in , and he had taken care to have it corrected and announced in the district . remarked , that the report alluded to had been printed from the originals sent to the adjutant-general 's office , and if there was an error , it must be an error of the press . said a few words about the reports of inspecting officers , some of which were offensive to the feelings of the volunteer corps . knew the question of farther issue for clothing the volunteers had been under the consideration of the late government ; but nothing was decided . It could not be doubted , however , that Mr. Pitt , who was so convinced of the utility of the 327 volunteer establishment , would have taken measures to support it , if he had seen them necessary . At any rate , he would have done nothing to discourage them , or to injure their discipline , which the measure proposed unquestionably did . As to the expence , it would be found that the proposed train-bands would cost more than all the saving on the volunteers , without being so efficient . replied , that he knew not what Mr. Pitt would have done ; but he complained of the disingenuous mode of debating the business that was practised by gentlemen on the opposite side . If the plan proposed tended to destroy the volunteers , it was but fair to state that as an objection ; but it was unfair to object to that as a fault of ministers which they had nothing as yet to do with , and was part of Mr. Pitt 's system . said , in the place where he lived , it had long since been notorious , that if the volunteers did not get assistance , they must disband for want of funds . declared , that the plans of the right hon . gentleman had caused the utmost disgust throughout the country and among the volunteers . replied , that if that effect had been produced , it must have been by misrepresentation . asserted , it was from what he had heard in the house , and what was circulated in the newspapers , and not by any misrepresentations.—The resolutions were then read and agreed to ; and the house being resumed , the other orders of the day were disposed of . took the oaths and his seat.—The Irish Spirits warehousing bill was read a second time , and committed for the next day.—The Irish Debenture bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—The committee on Sir John Gordon 's Divorce bill was postponed till that day three weeks.— The Lord Chancellor stated , that the cause of Graham of Gartmore , against Isabella , Countess of Glencairn , stood appointed for hearing ; and that , as the respondent was his sister , he desired their lordship 's permission to absent