20l . from his income , you leave to him no option . You neither allow him an abatement for his children , nor leave it in his power to provide one by pinching 267 himself . But , it is admitted , that the tax should not operate upon any one so deeply as to trench upon or abridge him , or of course his children , of the necessaries of life ; but in very many cases it will be both a difficult and delicate and ungracious task to define with precision the necessaries of life . That which to one person is a necessary of life , or become a comfort absolutely necessary , is to another a superfluity . But , taking the words in their strictest or most literal sense , I think the noble lord can not be prepared to say , that he who has a wife and 8 or 10 children to maintain on 150l. , can pay 15 out of it , besides all the other taxes , without trenching on the necessaries of life . An hon . bart . whom I heard with much satisfaction the other evening on this subject , pointed out the hardship the withdrawing these abatements would operate on persons of small estates in land ; but how much greater will be the hardship on persons of small life incomes ; and how much greater yet where the income is not only small , but is derived solely from the owner 's industry or genius , and its continuance depends on the continuance of his bodily strength or mental faculties ? The contrast between the latter , and the man of landed estate , under the operation of the principle of this bill , must unavoidably be very strong ; but if you take away the abatements for children , you make it intolerable . The man whose estate or capital is in land , if he finds himself unable to pay the tax this year , can raise as much as he wants on the income of future years ; but he whose income is earned by the sweat of his brow , who knows not that he shall have health or eye-sight to earn a farthing next year , what is he to do ? If he should be straitened for the means of supplying the wants of a numerous family , who will advance , or lend him on his capital of industry or genius ? Even the person who has an income for life , or an annuity for a term , and 10 or 12 children , may pay , as the bill now stands , twice as much to this tax as a person of twice his fortune or capital , and who has no child . I do not say it would be practicable to equalise the tax in this view of it , and make it strictly a tax on property , but I contend that such a case as I have just stated , ought not to be possible ; and it can only be rendered possible in all its extent by withdrawing the abatements on account of children : you can not entirely remove the inequality , but you 268 are bound to reduce it . as far as practicable.—Sir , it seems to me that there is one single consideration which should be sufficient to prevent the withdrawing the abatements for children , at least of persons whose incomes are only for life , or derived from industry ; namely , that from many this tax will in consequence take the 15 or 20l . that was before applied to the ensuring their families from want , after they shall have been taken from them , and oblige them to apply it to preserve them from the same fate in their life-time . One of the noble lord 's arguments against allowing any abatements for children was , that it would operate as a tax on bachelors . Now , sir , admitting the fact to be so , the considerations of justice and