party , twenty-seven members ( alias creditors ) met to adjust a debt of nearer 40 than 30 millions ! and this he should prove on summing up . Where are his majesty 's ministers , said the hon . member ? Where are the directors [ one only present , Mr Hudlestone ] ? Why do they not attend and assist the noble lord ( Morpeth ) in settling their own accounts ? The Company is in a state of insolvency , and the noble ex president ( lord Castlereagh ) says , he consider them in the view of wanting `` prompt and vigorous amelioration ; '' so that he , whatever he may think of his majesty 's ministers , certainly does not imagine the director lay on a `` bed of roses . '' The noble lord says , he compares them to manufacturers it embarrassment , who give in a list of then assets , So do I , said the hon . gent . ; but honest manufacturers labouring under misfortunes call their creditors together : for instance , a coach-maker , who says `` Here , I am in a bad way , take an inventory of all I have , barouches , landaus , gigs , tandems , telegraphs , & c. and come to some understanding . '' But have the directors of the East India Company done any such thing ? The hon . member then proceeded to state , that lord Castlereagh had not succeeded , during his presidency , in getting a loan for some expedition ( Egypt ) and on that had recommended an enquiry into their affairs , —It was a matter of indifference , whether the debt was a commercial one or not . The noble lord had insisted much on that advantage ; but the hon . gent . observed , that it was partly commercial and partly military , consisting of expensive staffs , and various expeditions as stated by him on the 25th of June 1801 , and since considerably increased ; and here he observed , that ever since the taking of Seringapatam , and the subsequent wars and acquirements , India had gained in aggrandisement of territory , but had improved only in poverty . Moreover , said the hon . member , to whom do these conquests belong ? to the government or to the country ? The hon . gent . then quoted , in proof of his assertions , Mr. Alderman Prinsep 's speech , who had given an historical account of the Company , and in 1244 his asserting that they had always dealt in credit , Mr. Jones observed , that hitherto he had supposed them only as dealers in tea , nankeen , & c. He appealed strongly to the house on the comparison which had been made between the India and South , Sea House . He agreed with the hon . alderman , that the East India Company were in a state of insolvency , as they could not go on ? They must borrow ; they mast die—die all , die nobly , '' as in the Dramatist , die like demi Directors.—Then to the hon . gent. ( Mr . Grant ) who would not proceed until he had asked a question as to the amount of the debt , Mr. Jones made this statement , 31,000,000l . ; the granted debt 6,000,000l . Sub-judice , at best , 2,672,440l . comprized in an account of above four millions with government , of which only part had been allowed to the Company , and consequently this sum might ( as it was so in fact ) be added , making the debt of the Company nearer forty millions than thirty . The hon . member then elmphatically said , `` All that the grand defender of the Company ( Mr. Grant ) can say is , that he thinks theirs `` an extricable case . '' These are two very remarkable words , and all I shall say further is , I think ( and I believe the world thinks