that bill was to be sent up to the house of lords without a single observation from his majesty 's ministers . Instead of preserving so much of dignified silence , he thought it would be more advisable in his majesty 's ministers to make some provision for the security of the British , without infringing on the American interests ; and he was confident , that some such system might be very readily devised . thought the bill could not trench upon the Navigation act , because it was only to be resorted to in the case of absolute necessity . It was well said by a learned lord , whom he recollected in that house , that , `` what necessity creates , necessity limits . '' There was now a statute , by which the exportation of corn to the West Indies 346 was limited to 3,200 tons . It was impossible that 32,000 barrels could supply the whole population of the islands : 132,000 had been the Computation ; but , in fact , not less than 150,000 barrels were required for the subsistence of the inhabitants . Sir Joshua Child , in the 4th chapter of his Essays oil Trade , had said , very justly , that the principle of the Navigation act was power , not profit : he said , in a commercial point of view , it was prejudicial to the manufactures and commerce of the country . Since power was so indispensable for the support of the commerce , he would not , as a member of that house , admit the partial and temporary interests of the latter to interfere with the former . The Navigation act , important as it was , had not always been considered indispensably necessary to the well-being of the state . It was repealed as lately as 26 Geo . III . c. 11 , when merchants were permitted to have 3–4ths foreign sailors , instead of 3—ths British . All the difference now proposed was , that the measures for the supply of the islands should originate with the privy council , and not with the governors . It was of great importance , that salutary regulations should be made on this subject , because a delay in the supply of the essential articles of subsistence might occasion a tumult , which would sever these colonial establishments from the parent state . But why these objections on the ground of general policy ? The government permitted the English manufactures to be exported in foreign shipping ; the profits of these afforded the means of war , and furnished additional resources for the protection of the kingdom . An inducement for this expedient was to be stated on another principle . A capricious governor , in a contest with his council , might tell them , he would shut the ports , if they would not accede to what he proposed ; and thus , ally plan he chose to adopt , however pernicious , might be forced upon the island . On these grounds he should support the bill . wished to go into a committee of enquiry , in which the effect of the proposed measure , on the Shipping Interest , might be fully considered . The decrease of ship-building in Britain , from the year 1790 , was most alarming , as would appear from some accounts on the subject moved for by him . The colonies could now be effectually supplied by British shipping . recommended that the bill Mould go to a committee . Many ship- 347 owners were ready to embark in the trade , if parliament would not prevent them by this measure , and they contended they could supply the islands nearly on the same terms the same articles could be procured from the Americans . Why the bill was brought in , he did not know ; it was asked for by nobody . He thought it was due to the opulent merchants of the capital , and the great towns of the kingdom , to make this enquiry ; but not only