any degree , the management of the business from the hands of the hon . gent . nor did the friends of the noble marquis wish to press the decision at all sooner than was necessary for the examination of all the documents . They had conceived , however , that all the documents moved for had been before the house , except one military account , and in that case they had offered , in order to save time , to admit every fact or inference which the hon . gent . could draw from , it . He did not object to this supplemental charge being printed , but wished to know whether the hon . gent . had now moved for all the documents that he thought necessary ? begged leave to trouble the house with a few words in consequence his having been accused by the hon . gent . with having abandoned the subject of Carnatic , and hinted that this had been done since he had come into administration . The fact was , and he thought the hon . gent . might have known it very well , that he had abandoned that subject when lord Powis was appointed , or understood to have been appointed , lord lieutenant of Ireland . But he had not abandoned his 940 opinion respecting those transactions , and when the hon , gent . brought the affair forward , the should have his support . But his charge was against lord Powis , and not against marquis Wellesley , and he must say that it was somewhat singular that the hon . gent . who must have known this at the beginning of the session , had not come forward with this charge when be had the materials prepared to his hands . pledged himself , that if the right hon . gent . did not bring the business forward , he should do so , in the next session.—After some further explanations , the motion for printing the charge was agreed to . moved , `` That the bill for enabling the commissioners acting in execution of an agreement , made between the East India company and the private creditors of the nabobs of the Carnatic , the better to carry the same into effect , '' be read a second time . immediately addressed himself to the house in a speech , which we are sorry we can not state more in detail for want of sufficient memoranda on such a multiplicity of topics and arguments , as his knowledge of the subject enabled him to bring forward ; the general tenor of it was to the following effect : That he could not do perfect justice to the question without entering into many particulars , which , however necessary , were not likely to attract the attention of the house . Yet the subject was of great public importance , though the bill , now introduced , professed to be nothing more than a private bill for the purpose of giving effect and validity to a settlement of an account between parties , in which the public interest was not concerned . These parties were the supposed creditors of the late nabobs of the Carnatic on one side , and the Directors of the East India company on the other ; as if , when once they were agreed , the house of commons had nothing to do but to ratify and enforce their agreement . On the 20th of May , when this debate was adjourned , it was formally asserted and ' maintained by lord Castlereagh , `` that the Directors had a full and unquestionable legal right to enter into those articles of agreement , which were now to be acknowledged ; that all the effect of rejecting the present bill would he to deprive the commissioners of a useful and necessary power , viz . to examine on oath , but that it could not stop their proceedings , 941 and that it would require an act of parliament to dissolve this commission or even to stay its operation