address to his majesty , declaring their readiness to concur in the object of his majesty 's message ; which was carried nem . dis . The Master of the Rolls rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for augmenting the salaries of the masters in ordinary , belonging to the court of chancery , and also for granting a certain provision to such as may be or become unfit , from age or infirmity , for the discharge of the duty attached to their office . The sum necessary for this purpose , the learned gent . proposed to have made up from the interest of the money belonging to suitors , which the house must be aware was in the hands of the masters . This interest accrued from the vesting of such money in government securities ; and the surplus beyond the purposes to which it was at present assigned would be quite sufficient to answer the ends which his motion had in view . The salary which the learned gent . proposed to grant to superannuated masters , he mentioned to be 1500l . a year.— The first motion being agreed to , the learned gent . proposed another , the object of which was to grant an addition to the establishment in the accomptant general 's office , namely , that four clerks should be added , and that the salaries of all the clerks should be augmented , that the principal clerks should be allowed 500l . a year , the second 400l . the third 300l . and the junior clerks 180l . This augmentation of salary , combined with a sum which he thought necessary to defray the expence attendant upon the increased business in this office , and to satisfy the executors of the late Mr. Warner , for such expences incurred by him , 921 the learned gent . proposed to provide for from the surplus interest of the fund already alluded to . The sum now vested in government securities by the masters in chancery , the learned gent . described to be about 21 millions ; and the different accounts opened at the bank , in consequence of this sum by the accomptant general , he stated at about 5000 . This circumstance , he mentioned to shew the increased business of the accomptant general 's office , and he stated that the arrangement proposed had been agreed to by the late lord chancellor , by the present , and by himself.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . moved the third reading of this bill . pursuant to notice , proposed a clause to enable the government to suspend the execution of this act in such districts as might offer a sufficient number of volunteers . If the act before the house were to pass in its present shape , he was very much afraid that the volunteers would consider themselves deprived of that protection for which , from their services , they were entitled to look . The general understanding was , that the object of this bill was to substitute compulsory for voluntary services , and if the clause he submitted , which was to be found in the original bill , were expunged , there was too much ground to warrant that understanding . Were the right hon . secretary to adopt this clause , he was persuaded that the bill would be much more palatable even to its friends . But , however the clause might be disposed of , it was his wish to bring it up , in order that it should appear as a protest on his part , and that of his friends , against a measure in his and their judgment likely to produce the most mischievous consequences . opposed the clause , as calculated to defeat the principle of this bill , which was not the substitution of a compulsory for a voluntary force ; but the addition of the one to the other . As to those districts in which the volunteers were particularly numerous , there