motion also . said , that his hon . friend had .given sufficient grounds for his motion , by stating that a clerk could copy out in half .an hour what would enable him to , prove .that gross frauds had been committed . said , as the hon . gent had stated that 100 per cent might be saved , he thought that a sufficient ground . He wished to know what security we had that the public would not continue to pay this sum till the commissioners had reported upon it . as the hon. , gent had stated that the granting a few papers would enable him to prove such gross abuses , thought it would not be right to wait till the commissioners might have leisure to enquire in to the business . said , that as the hon . gent . had now assigned some reason for his motion , he should consent , with the leave of of his hon . friend ( Mr. Calcrat ) , that 246 the previous question should be withdrawn . wished the hon . mover would state the object for which he moved for these papers . then confessed , that the shameful waste of money he complained of was not only in building the . Barracks , but in the rent of the barns , which might have been got for a quarter of the money . said , this was quite a different thing : the motion was about building Barracks , while the meaning of the hon . gent . was about renting barns . He thought the hon . member should state what object he had in view , as the house could never get through their business , if every individual member might move for whatever papers lie pleased , without assigning any reason , and if the house were to consider themselves always bound to grant papers when moved for . suggested to the hon . mover , that be had better withdraw his motions for the present , and bring them forward in a more distinct form on an early day , suppose on Monday . refused , and said he should be content if his motion were put upon the journals , as it would then be upon record that he , at least , had done his duty . begged the hon . gent would give the house sonic explanation , why he wished for these papers ? He might understand his own motions , but certainly he had not succeeded in making him understand them . said , he had already explained himself sufficiently ; he would not . submit to be examined and questioned as if he were a witness at the bar : as a member of parliament , he thought it beneath his dignity to wait upon any set of commissioners , .standing in a. hall , going up one staircase and . down . another in pursuit of them . thought , that if the hon . gent . 's sense of the dignity of a member parliament would not allow him to answer a question put to him in . that house , or to explain why he brought forward motions , the house would probably think it was agreeable to their dignity , as members of parliament , not to give any countenance to such , motions . He should therefore again move the previous question . took notice of what fell from the hon . mover , `` that he only wished to have his motions on the journals . '' 247 This certainly was not a sufficient reason for the house agreeing to them . He thought the best way would be at once to move the previous question upon the motions—The previous question was then agreed to upon this question . then moved for a `` copy of the answer ( if any ) that was given , or communicated to Mr. James Day , in consequence of his making proposals to the secretary at war , for the building of a Barrack at Brading in the Isle of