. Neither was it without a precedent : 2O years ago the Navigation acts , among many others , had been suspended for a longer period , he trusted , than would be necessary on the present occasion . explained that , on that occasion , it was only suspended during the then war . Here it was not for the present war , but a general suspension during every war in which we might be engaged . also disapproved of the bill . declared his readiness to confine the bill to the present war ; and if his doing so could remove the objections of other gentlemen , who , from misconceiving the effects of the measure , opposed it , he would even consent to limit its duration for a time to be specified , or during the war.—The bill was then ordered to be read a second time on Tuesday . In the appeal cause , Seymour , an infant , v. earl of Euston and lord Henry Seymour , the Solicitor General was heard in reply . stated the circumstances of the case , and the reasons upon which his own decree was founded , and immediately left the house . contended , that the house ought to judge of the case entirely according to the evidence before them ; and after delivering his own opinion at considerable length , concluded by moving four resolutions . 1 . That so much of the decree made by the court of chancery in this cause , as goes to authorise the appointment of the earl of Euston and lord Henry Seymour , as guardians to the appellant , be reversed . 2 . That so much of the said decree as dismisses the petition of the appellant , praying the appointment of Maria Fitzherbert , as her guardian , be affirmed . 3 . That so much of the said decree as authorises the appointment of the marquis of Hertford , as guardian , be reversed . 4 . That inasmuch as the marquis of Hertford , ( nearest in blood to the appellant ) , and the marchioness of Hertford , appear willing to become guardians : it is ordered , under the particular circumstances of the case , that the said marquis and marchioness of Hertford be appointed guardians to the appellant . observed , he had 670 not the honour of being in the least known to any of the noble family in question , save the head of it , the noble marquis , who sat near him . Having the highest respect for his character , he could not object to the appointment of such a guardian ; but , he thought , there was such a degree of novelty in many of the circumstances of the present case , involving considerations of such feeling and delicacy , as to induce considerable difficulty in deciding upon it . Perhaps , the noble guardian , feeling for the situation of the child , in kindness and indulgence to her feelings and attachments , might act so as to make very little difference in her present circumstances . He was happy in the consideration that the appointment was under the sanction of the house . He doubted not but the functions of guardian would be fairly executed ; but could not avoid observing , that he thought it would be preferable to bring up the child with her brothers and sisters , as the mode affording the best chance of a certainty of moral conduct ; and seemed to think it would not be improper , were the noble marquis to state his intentions in that respect . feeling himself particularly alluded to more than once in the course of the discussion , thought it incumbent on him to trouble their lordships with a few words . He first adverted to the letter he had received from the agents of the respondents , to which he certainly had not thought proper to answer . With respect to the consideration of guardianship , in his mind , it should be regulated by a principle , that