all these titles , and to place the question of its greatness upon the single point of the recruitment of its regular army.—But even if we could admit the argument to be true , with what fairness is it applied to the discussions upon the bill now before us ? We who disagree with the rt . hon . gent . in considering the regular army as the single vital principle of our existence as a nation , do yet agree with him as to the importance , the expediency , and the necessity of augmenting the regular army as much as possible : and if we oppose this measure , which the right hon . gent . thinks not only the best , but the only one that can be resorted to for that purpose , it is not , because we under- 554 value his object , but because we doubt of the efficacy of his means.—It remains only to consider the nature of those supposed advantages belonging to this measure , upon which its advocates so confidently rely for the improvement and increase of the army . The noble lord ( lord H. Petty ) says that desertions will be altogether done away by the limitation of the term of service . I answer from the fact , that by far the greater part of the desertions now are from new levies , and from limited service . The right hon . gent . has argued ( and many gentlemen , both on this and on a former night , have dwelt upon that argument with great fondness ) , that there is something in this measure calculated to change greatly for the better the character of the British army . I had never heard before that the character of the British army required to be changed . I had thought that every quality that constitutes a soldier , in bravery , in discipline , in enterprize , and in patience under privations , the British army had already acquired a character such as no service in Europe could surpass . It is admitted on all hands that such is the character of the present army : but it is imagined , I know not on what ground , either that in all those particulars there is a necessity for improvement , or that those who are henceforth to he enlisted would degenerate from the example of their fellows , unless some additional stimulus Were applied to them.—A learned lord , whom we have heard this night for the second time in this house ( the lord Advocate of Scotland ) , and whom I am sure we shall always hear with pleasure , has endeavoured to illustrate this point by a transaction in his own country , respecting the colliers and miners , whose condition was changed some years ago from that of servitude for life to voluntary labour . Many persons , he says , were alarmed at the trial of this experiment ; and thought that if the chains of these poor people were broken , and they were suffered to emerge from the bowels of the earth , with liberty to return there or not as they pleased , none of them would in fact return , and that the coal-pits and the mines would remain unwrought for the future . This gloomy expectation , however , was disappointed : the emancipated colliers and miners returned , not only by free choice to the labour from which they had been set free , but with added industry and encreased good will to their employers . Does not the learned lord perceive , that this fact , how- 555 ever interesting as a history ( which I willingly admit it to be ) yet halts a little as a comparison ? The boon bestowed upon the colliers and miners was , if I mistake him not , for their own immediate use and enjoyment : but if had it been resolved only that all future colliers and miners should enjoy these immunities and privileges , but that the existing generation should go on upon