instance , it does not follow they should not make 997 it in the second . I have heard of such a thing as a possibility of the legislature having conducted itself improperly ; but if , after having done so , we were to say , that the thing should never be altered , because of the reverence we all ought to have for the legislature , that would be equivalent to saying , that if the legislature has once conducted itself imprudently , it must conduct itself imprudently to the end of time . Now let us suppose , instead of this being a bill about to be passed into a law , it had been a law ; that instead of our having to consider whether we shall make this law , we were considering a law already made ; and the greatness of the shipping interest of this country were to come forward , and to complain to parliament of the destructive effect of the act of parliament , would you refuse to hear the complaint ? would you think it a fair or even a sensible answer to say , `` We have followed the practice prescribed by this act now for 13 years—you tell us that you are competent to the ample supply of the West India colonies—you tell us , that the great interest of the empire requires that you should have the exclusive right of furnishing these supplies ; that the navigation requires it ; that without it the country will decay in strength , and dwindle into weakness , and finally be ruined ? '' Would you , I say , think it a sensible answer to say , `` Inasmuch as we have done this for 13 years , we will go on ? '' Do you conceive that these consecutive acts would be an excuse for their own continuance , and release you from the duty of entering into an inquiry on the subject when these matters are stated to you ? Is it too much to say , that you ought to inquire whether , and to see whether , the public interest does , or does not , really demand a change of such a system ? I apprehend , Sir , that in such a case , even if we had an act of parliament under which we had thus acted for 13 years , it would be the duty of parliament to institute the proposed inquiry ; and if so , how much more is it the duty of this house , to institute an inquiry into the propriety of a mere practice , which is not a law , before you sanction the practice by law—and that is all which the shipping interest ask of you . They do not desire you to say , that this measure is not necessary , or that it ought not , under any circumstances , to be adopted ; they only 998 desire you not to adopt it without ascertaining that it is necessary . Upon this practice the noble lord 's argument is , that parliament ought to declare , immediately , that the power can not but be necessary in time of war . I am afraid it would turn out upon inquiry , to be necessary to do something of this description in time of war ; but of this I am quite sure , parliament ought not to deliver that opinion , without hearing those who are of another . I am not calling on you to say , that this practice of 13 Years , on which you rely so much , is not necessary to be continued ; I am not saying that it is not absolutely necessary , that an intercourse should subsist between our West India colonies and America , and that that intercourse should take place through the medium of American shipping ; but I am saying , that I do really think it is extremely important to ascertain , whether it is necessary or not ; and supposing it was totally unnecessary , I have no more