precarious nature of a supply , restricted wholly to this country . It did not , however , prevent supplies from being sent from hence in British shipping . moved an amendment to limit the duration of the bill to the 1st of July , 1807. thought the amendment extremely inconsistent with the arguments urged on the other side . After some further observations from lord Eldon and lord Holland , the amendment was negatived , and the bill read a 3d time , and passed . rose to move for some papers in the barrack department , in order to disprove the assertions made by an hon . member ( Mr. Robson ) the evening before last . He accordingly moved for an account of the disposal of the sums received by the barrack-master-general for rent of canteens , at the several temporary barracks , and also for manure sold therefrom since 1793. thought it most extraordinary , that it happened of late , that the papers which his majesty 's ministers oppo- 1191 sed and refused , when called for by his motions , should , in an evening or two after , be moved for by themselves . He had another motion to bring forward on this subject on Monday , preparatory to which it was his wish , with the indulgence of the house , that the report of the committee of military enquiry , laid this night upon the table , and ordered to be printed , might be allowed to lie upon the table for another day , that he might have an opportunity of perusing it . If not , he must bring forward his motion in the best way he could without it . If the report was sent to the printer 's , it was of such voluminous extent , that it could not be finished before the house would break up , and would not , of course , be seen by the members until the next session . But his object was to put as speedy a stop as possible to the system of peculation still going on , instead of suffering it to proceed , and turning to retrospective considerations in the first instance . informed the hon . gent . that the report had been ordered to be printed , and it was not customary , when such an order was made , to interpose any delay , without a special order of the house . hoped the hon . member would have no objection to signify the nature and object of his motion for Monday . answered , that , as lie never wished to bring forward any matter of this nature without being grounded on statements made to him upon affidavit , he was not yet prepared to explain particulars . His object , however , was to detect and expose a system of the most flagitious peculation , still going on in the barrack department . laid on the table some copies of affidavits produced at the war-office , in vindication of the conduct of Mr. Atkins , late barrack-master of Sandown , in the Isle of Wight , pursuant to an order made on Mr. Robson 's motion on Wednesday . hoped those papers would be printed for the perusal of the members , in order to vindicate the conduct and the honour of a much-injured gentleman , of whom though he knew nothing personally , yet he knew his character ; that he was a gallant officer , and had served , with high distinction , in the West Indies last war ; that he had received his appointment as barrack-master at the Isle of Wight , in consequence of a very high recommenda- 1192 tion of his character and services to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) ; that he bad conducted himself without the slightest blemish to his conduct or character in hat department , until he had disclosed to he head of it the peculations he had discovered , and solicited to be removed from Sandown to some other place , when he would make still