the house , that the part respecting the excise had been left out ; but he now felt still more gratified that the noble lord had relinquished the measure , at least for the present ; and he must say , that the conduct of the noble lord on this occasion had increased that respect which he had uniformly felt for his character . He had shown , that he remembered that he was the financier of a free country , and that the general stock of good will towards the government should not be diminished . Had the tax been persisted in , he should not have opposed it , as he had already resisted a preceding measure , which he considered as hostile to the manufactures of the country ; but he should have regretted the effects which he feared it would have had in many parts of the country , where it was common for families to brew their own beer—a practice which he should ever consider as equally favourable to comfort 527 and sobriety , and as deserving of every encouragement . In the main , he considered the proposed addition of 10 per cent , on the assessed taxes as an excellent measure ; though it might , perhaps , be better to make the increase greater on some of these taxes than on others . A very considerable increase on the tax on men servants , for instance , would never bear hard on the poorer classes of society . expressed his astonishment and regret , that the noble lord should have abandoned a former tax , and relinquished the present , while nothing hitherto had been imposed for payment of the interest of the loan , except the trifling tax on appraisements and on tobacco , & c. He contended , that the principle of the tax was good ; and that it only required courage and perseverance , on the part of the noble lord , to render it productive . He quoted the words of Dr. Adam Smith , who had , long ago , recommended a tax precisely similar ; though he had proposed , that the duty should rather be imposed on the malt , than on the private brewer . On the whole , he conceived , that ministers had thought the relinquishment of the measure necessary for the support of the military plans of their right hon . colleague , and not produced by any conviction of its hurtful tendency . thought that , had the tax been persisted in , the present ministers would have become as unpopular as any who had ever gone before them . He would advise the noble lord , however , to revert to the tax on iron , in preference to an increase of the assessed taxes . observed , that private brewers generally used double the quantity of malt and hops to that consumed by the public brewer , for producing the same quantity of beer ; and , therefore , as much expense attended the private brewer , as the consumer of beer from public breweries . Besides , it was not always in the option of an individual to have recourse to public brewers : he could state that , in the whole principality of Wales , there was only one man of that description . considered the clamour that had been raised against the tax , as unnecessary and excessive . He thought , that if the people of that part of the country , with which the last hon . gent . who spoke was connected , put less malt into their beer , both their health and their morals would be improved by the change . in reply , observed that they used malt and hops ; which the public brewers did not was not aware of any peculiar pressure on the labouring poor , which had been produced by taxes lately imposed . The demand for labour had increased ; and with it , the increase of wages ; but the middle ranks of society had felt the pressure much more severely .