had been as improper as could he represented to have fallen front any individual , he should ask , what sort of a volunteer army must that be , for a great nation to place its dependence upon , who could be driven from the duties they had undertaken by the expressions of any individual , and who could be disper ed like Virgil 's bees— '' Pulceris exigui jactú ? '' If many of the corps were rapidly decreasing in numbers , he could assign a better reason for it . It was , because many officers who had most meritoriously advanced large sums in the origin of their corps , finding themselves unable to continue those advances , and perceiving that went did not wish to pay the expences which were formerly defrayed by individual subscription , now scented to wish to find some point of honour that would give an for a quarrel , which would enable them 916 to resign with a better grace . He considered the assertion , that this bill was a breach of faith , to be altogether unfounded and absurd . The parties to the contract , were not merely the volunteers and the government , but it was the w hole community and the government . The question , therefore , was merely whether the measure was right or wrong , whether it was good for the community or not ? If it were good for the community , it would he most ridiculous to tell the community that it would be a breach of faith to them to give them a measure that was for their good ; and that government was bound by a contract to them not to adopt such measures as were necessary for their security and protection . wished that it should be distinctly understood front the lord advocate , whether it was intended to bring forward a bill this session , for including Scotland in the levy for training ? or whether it was now intended , for the first time , to depart from the system of uniformly defending the country , and making all parts contribute to that great object ? replied , he had no doubt that the measure was applicable to Scotland ; but it did not rest with him to introduce a bill , in defiance of the right hon , secretary of state ; and he thought the honour of his country sufficiently justified by the understanding , that a bill would hereafter be brought in , for the purpose of embracing it in the operation of the act . jun . said , that although the opinions of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , had not much weight with the volunteers when he sat on the opposition benches , it was a very different thing now he was a minister . If they considered him not friendly to their establishment , that circumstance must tend considerably to reduce their numbers.—The question was then very generally called for , and the house divided on the question , `` That the word 'now ' stand part of this question ; '' upon which it appeared that there were , Ayes 130 : Noes 53 . Majority 86.—The amendments were consequently agreed to . Some new clauses were added by way of riders to the bill , and the third reading was fixed for to-morrow.—Adjourned at half after one o'clock . The order being read for their lordships going into a committee on this bill , the chair was 917 accordingly taken by lord Walsingham . On the clause being read for abolishing the existing holidays observed at the Custom house , with the exception of four or five , expressed his disapprobation , in a great degree , of what was proposed . He expatiated on the importance of a due observance of certain solemn church festivals and holidays , besides the Sabbath . He was not an advocate , in any point of view , for an excessive number of holidays such as were observed in the church previously to the reformation ;