the subject shall be received for discussion ; and after that question has been deliberated and affirmed , then remain all the ordinary stages in which the bill itself is liable to discussion . But I am confident that this is the first instance in which the opportunities of deliberation have been diminished in proportion to the novelty , 456 magnitude , and doubtful policy of the measure ; in which a project for effecting a complete revolution in one part of our national defence has been proposed to be passed into a law through fewer stages of deliberation than a turnpike bill . I beg pardon the first it is not ; my right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) has already referred to the solitary and disgraceful precedent of the last year of queen Anne , when a clause of similar purport was introduced into the mutiny bill , apparently without the notice or knowledge of the parliament of that time . But with this exception , the right hon . gent . will not easily find any thing in history to countenance his practice ; and I am sure he will not find any thing to justify it . The right hon . gent . has reduced parliament to the dilemma either of foregoing the due exercise of its deliberative functions on a measure so momentous in its consequences , or of suffering the army to disband , while we are considering on the best mode of maintaining it . And if this observation applies to this house , where we have the bill now before us , and where , I trust , we shall persist in keeping it as long as we continue to entertain doubts of its policy , how much more forcibly does it apply to the House of Lords , where , in exact proportion to the difficulties which are felt here , and the time which is taken to remove them , the , means and opportunities of that discussion which the lords are equally entitled to give to every subject of national interest , must necessarily be abridged and taken away ! How much more forcibly does it apply to the third power of the constitution , to the crown ; to whom it is probable that this bill , changing the whole tenure by which the army of the crown is held , must be presented for that approbation which is to pass it into a law , within a period so near to the expiration of the present mutiny bill , that the king can hardly have a moment to pause , much less to exercise his judgment and discretion ! I admit that this last objection would not generally apply to a measure introduced into the house by the king 's ministers , because the introduction by them would generally imply the approbation and recommendation of the crown : —that this is not the case in the present instance , we have but too much reason to apprehend—I should rather say perhaps we have great reason to hope ; because I should trust that there might be a chance of some interposition on the part of the crown , if not in the 457 legislative enactments , at least in the practical execution of this measure , such as might remedy , in some degree , the consequences , if it could not entirely prevent the first effect of the rashness and precipitancy of ministers ; —I say I should hope this , if it were not that the clause which we are discussing , is so framed ( and I must say I think must improperly so framed ) as to take away all discretion from the crown hereafter , in the executive regulation , no less than in the legislative provision ; to curtail and abridge the royal prerogative , in that particular in which it has been the practice ( and I think the wisdom ) of all states to leave the executive government in possession of the fullest control , namely the discipline and internal economy of the regular army . I