was to be indulged in this field of allusions to former measures and debates , and in the repetition of arguments urged a hundred times before , and served up in almost every discussion that had occurred within the last two monts , a precedent would be created which would really render it imposible to go on with the public business . The noble lord might as properly expect to be allowed to read , as part of his speech , a volume or two of the Parliamentary History of the country . He put it to the noble lord 's discretion , whether some consideration was not due to the time and patience of the house ? or whether the attendance of members was to be protracted in this manner , night after night , to unseasonable hours , in the unnecessary , and he might almost say , captious repetition of such discussions ? If the hon . baronet was unsuccessful in the appeal to the discretion of the noble lord , he would appeal to the authority of the Chair.— ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! from the ministerial side of the house . ) rose again , and concluded by observing , that if he was disposed to trespass upon the attention of the house , by uttering all he felt , and exposing all the inconsistencies and absurdities that challenged observation in the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , the hon . baronet might indeed have cause to complain of the length of his speech , which might last for some days ; he would , however , relieve the 621 hon . baronet , by abstaining at present from adding more , than that our history presented no period similar to that since the appointment of the present ministers , so marked by procrastination , inconsistency , and bungling on their parts , and in which so little real business had been done . For his own part , he should feel it a disgrace to be a member of any administration marked by such conduct . observed , that the noble lord had made a speech which it was extremely difficult to answer , not on account of the logical precision and clearness of the noble lord 's positions , or the convincing force of his arguments , for of those properties in the noble lord 's eloquence he really had no perception ; but it was very possible to make a speech composed of heterogeneous materials , like that of the noble lord , and so inconsistent and contradictory in itself , as to be extremely difficult to be answered in a regular way . The noble lord 's speech on this occasion , and which would do just as well for any other , exhibited a melange of all those topics of assertions and arguments , which had been used by himself and his friends so repeatedly of late , and so repeatedly and completely refuted , that he did not mean to follow the noble lord round the sort of grand tour he had made , feeling , as he did , some consideration for the patience of the house . The noble lord had talked much of the military plans he had introduced , and had talked of this bill having been preceded by four mutiny bills ; and he had adverted to this assertion nearly as often as four times four , like the story of the four pilgrims , or , as if there were some peculiar virtue or conjuration in four , like the mystic number of Pythagoras . But he begged to remind the noble lord , that there were but two mutiny bills for that period , brought forward upon grounds with which the house seemed very well pleased ; and he begged to ask the noble lord what injury had accrued to the country , or inconvenience to the public service , from the manner of passing those bills ? The present bill was said , at one time , to do the most alarming mischief , and the next moment