who , by being disbanded at the conclusion of a war , were precluded from serving the whole of their term of service ; and he thought it was a little too much to say that they were to pass this measure , and leave it to ministers to bring other measures forward afterwards to correct its defects . deprecated the doctrine which had been attempted to be set up , of the power of the sword vesting in the crown without the controul of parliament . The command of the army undoubtedly vested in the crown , but the limitation of the military force of the kingdom unquestionably remained with parliament . He considered the present measure as tending materially to improve the condition of the army , and not liable to any of those objections which had been raised against it . opposed the clause , 653 as limiting the exercise of the royal prerogative . He conceived that it would operate as a bounty to induce men to leave the regiment to which they belonged , at the expiration of their term of service , since by doing so , they might be entitled to as large a bounty as they had at first received , by entering into another regiment . He contended , that , in the present state of society , a better description of men would not , in consequence of limited service , be induced to enter the army . warmly supported the measure . Many officers of eminence and reputation with whom he had conversed , in those counties in which he had travelled , had given their opinions decidedly in favour of limited service , which they considered as productive of the most beneficial consequences to an army . He was also decidedly of the same opinion , and he considered such a mode of enlistment as peculiarly congenial to this country , where freedom was the birthright of its inhabitants , where the love of freedom animated them in all their contests and inspirited all their exertions . Nothing was more clearly convincing to his mind than that enlistment for a fixed term of years , as proposed in the present measure , would operate as a strong inducement to many who would not otherwise venture to enlist ; and when they returned to their homes and related the battles in which they had been engaged , the glories which had been achieved , the laurels they had won , and the benefits they had received , it would be a still stronger inducement for their younger relatives to enter into a service where they had the same prospects of honour and reward , and returning in the same manner to their families . If only ten men in a regiment returned in this way to their families , the benefit to the army produced by this means would be incalculable . said , that the plans hitherto tried had failed effectually to recruit the army . It was therefore necessary to resort to some new means of effecting that desirable object , and upon this principle he supported the present measure , which seemed to promise the accomplishment of a purpose so much wished for . opposed the measure , and warmly supported the amendment . contended , that our colonial service was peculiarly incompatible with limited service , since before the soldier became seasoned to the climate , he might become entitled to his discharge ; and thus our colonies might be perpetually 654 supplied with raw soldiers , to whom the climate was peculiarly fatal . From his own experience he had found , that were a higher description of persons to enter the army , it would not contribute to its subordination and discipline . He had found , that those who could read and write were often the most troublesome , and most inclined to faction . Besides , it was not to be supposed that those who had enjoyed the comforts of life would readily submit , without murmuring and discontent , to those privations to which the soldier must necessarily be exposed