list ? apologized for occupying the attention of the house to so long a statement , but he thought it necessary to state the probable origin of the great debt which sir John M'Pherson now claimed . The above , he said , was the first report that threw any great light on all the transactions in India ; and he read himself a few pages more , in which it was stated , that sir John M'Pherson undertook to get an act of parliament passed , to accommodate the interests of the nabob ; and for that purpose came over to England , and offered a present of great value to the duke of Grafton , the then prime minister . This present having been rejected by the duke , sir John M'Pherson thought it might be more effectually bestowed on the sub-ordinate ministers ; and stated to them , that what he had then to offer , made only a part of a much larger sum , which would 287 be subsequently given . In fact , bribery was so much the custom of the East , that he could not persuade te Nabob that the great men in England were favourable to his cause , if they refused his presents . He then offered to bribe the government , or the public itself , for he offered , in the name of the Nabob , a loan of 700,000l either to the treasury or to the nation , at an interest of 2l . per cent. , where there was nothing to prevent him from receiving what was then the current interest . It was fortunate for the country , that the revolution of 1688 took place ; for had such offers been made in the time of Charles II. , the Nabob of Arcot could not only have bought the Carnatic , but Bengal too . It was services like this , which probably entitled sir John M'Pherson to be a creditor for more than 100,000l . The hon . member then proceeded to state several instances which appeared to him to prove conclusively that these debts were all of them contracted in pursuing measures which were hostile to the interests of the company . He concluded by dwelling strongly upon the case of sir Richard Sullivan appearing as a creditor for a large amount , who was confidential secretary to the government at Madras , and who , being also in correspondence with the Nabob , revealed to him all the secrets which he had heard in his public capacity , in the course of half an hour after he had them . He hoped all these debts would undergo a rigorous examination . said , that he had not originally intended to speak upon the question , but could not sit silent when he heard the character of a most respectable friend of his , and to whom he owed many obligations , aspersed in this manner . He thought it was extraordinary that the hon . gent . should have chosen to go nearly 40 , years back for transactions , with which to charge sir John Macpherson . As to the reports on which he grounded his accusation , there were some reports , and that which had been read was one , which deserved no more credit than the reveries of Robinson Crusoe . The sense that was entertained by the country , of the conduct and services of that gentleman , was directly opposite to the statement in that report . Long subsequent to those transactions , he had been made governor of Bengal , and had introduced savings , or reductions , to the amount of 1,200,000l . He wished all other governors of Bengal had done as much good . His majesty had 288 shown his sense of his services , by creating him a baronet . As to what had been done 40 years ago , it was a little hard to go so ; far back . If , at that time , he was perfectly unemployed by the company , he had a right to