all the assessed taxes , but interferences with domestic comforts ? What were the taxes on servants ? And even as far buck as the reign of George II. , a tax was imposed for the privilege of making candles by private families for their own use . Those who compounded might make any use of their licence which they pleased , without any farther trouble . thought the noble lord had calculated the product of the tax greatly beyond its reality ; for , even admitting his own scale of the consumption of malt by the breweries and distilleries to be correct , still , of the remaining 750,000 quarters , a very great proportion must be consumed by poor families , whom it was the avowed purpose of the noble lord to exempt from the tax altogether . still thought that the excise ought to be avoided . He objected , however , to have the tax laid on the malt , and stated that frauds might be committed by persons brewing in one year , what might serve them for two or three . reprobated the disposition manifested by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , and those who supported him , for 260 the conduct they uniformly manifested towards the noble lord and his colleagues , to whom they had boasted of having resigned `` a bed of roses ; '' but to whom , in fact , they had left nothing but embarrassment and almost insurmountable difficulty . Every measure which the present ministers proposed for extricating the country from its difficulties , met with nothing but captious objections , and vexatious opposition , from their predecessors . As to the proposition now before the house , he hoped the noble lord would see it better to limit it entirely to a licence , than to put it at all under the excise . One objection he had to the bill , in so far as it was a tax on the apparent wealth of the person consuming , and not on the consumption of the article . said , he did not think he deserved the rebuke of the learned doctor , who had , in fact , found more fault with the new duty than he did . He accused the present minister of making up a great part of his budget from the objectionable taxes which his predecessor rejected , having many more eligible taxes in reserve . said , he only alluded to what had fallen from the hon . gent , on the present occasion , as affording a specimen of the pleasantness of that `` bed of roses , '' to which his right hon . friends had succeeded , and that the duty they had to go through was perfectly easy ! remarked , that the duty might easily be collected under the assessed taxes , without at all coming under the excise . An hon . bart . ( sir R. Buxton ) had said the tax would fall peculiarly heavy on the country gentlemen . If so , they had , for many years , had an advantage over the persons residing in great towns , and this would only be restoring things to their proper balance . He hoped , too , the noble lord would turn his attention to the cyder counties , and not allow them to escape . He thought the tax , in effect , would operate as a tax on female servants ; but since a tax on the home made beverage of private families was to be laid , he thought the inhabitants of the cyder counties , who substituted that beverage , almost totally to the exclusion of malt-liquor , should be subjected to a licence also . thought the advantage of the private over the common brewer , to be over-rated , as the latter went more cheaply to work , on account of superior machinery . said , that as to the sug- 261 gestion regarding cyder , he assured the house he did not refrain from a tax on that article