decided on ? The practical effect which he expected from this measure , would be in the general impression in its favour . Persons were much more 534 apt to judge of their condition from the opinions of others , than from their own feelings ; and when the condition of a soldier should be generally thought a good one , all the great objections which now exist would disappear . He thought it might perhaps he better to extend that system a little to the regular army now existing . It was somewhat revolting to the feelings of every humane mind , that a man , who entered in the army in some unguarded moment , should be told , that he should be kept there for his life ; and it was almost an insult to common sense , to tell him , that as his act was voluntary the country would hold him rigidly to his bargain . It appeared to him , that the system was likely not only to increase the number of our regular army , but to improve , in a considerable degree , the quality of the soldiers . He considered , that the tone and character of the British army would be highly improved by it . The strong reason which induced him to think so was , that in consulting the history of all military nations , he found , that beginning from the history of the Grecian states , and going down to the history of the present day , it was an universal truth , without a single exception , that the armies of free nations fought with more spirit , and achieved greater actions , than the soldiers of those nations that were not free . This was proved by the history of all nations : by none more than of England . It was not until Magna Charta had been obtained , and some degree of civil liberty established , that England , which a short time before had been conquered by the Norman invaders , was able in her turn to invade France , and make her enemies fear her on the other side of the water . It was from its liberty , that it obtained its military reputation , and its means of defence . It was a pleasing and grateful thought , that , when the mighty bestowed freedom on a nation , that blessing itself ensured the protection of the country , as long as the animating principle was preserved . The soldiers of free nations were always remarked for a certain elevation of character , and noble daring , which did not belong to the character of other nations . The French never fought with such enthusiasm and success , as when their armies were animated with the name and hopes of freedom . If the present order of things , however , continued in that country , he should venture to say , that all their ribbons and legions of honour , would but ill supply the place of the inspiring principle of liberty , and that 535 the character of the French armies must gradually decline ; whereas , the energies of the British army would be considerably increased by extending to them the feeling , that British soldiers are free men , and that they fight for a free country . He also considered , that this measure would immediately operate to prevent desertion , and by improving the character of the army , tend gradually to diminish the severity of punishments . He could not agree with those who thought , that if this measure were once adopted , it could not be departed from He , indeed , wished that the experiment should have a fair trial , which would require at least ten years ; but if it Were then found inefficient , another system might it be pursued . As to the great discontent that many gentlemen had supposed would , in such case , Prevail experience had shewn , that this apprehension was ill founded ; for , in the time of