of raising large sums to meet the arduous exigencies of the country at the present crisis . But though he had favoured the house with a criticism upon the title of the bill , and christened it an Income Tax , and not a Property tax , if he would examine its tendency , he would find it to be what it professed , a tax upon profits arising from property , and also from trades and professions . But much as he approved of the bill , and convinced as he was that it would be vain to think of raising a similar sum by any tax he could impose upon articles of consumption ; he would earnestly recommend it to the noble lord , seriously to consider the objections stated that night by the hon . members near him , as well as the other weighty objections which might be offered on the part of other descriptions of persons , and see how far it would be practicable to modify particular parts of the bill , so as to render its operation as little oppressive and obnoxious as possible to any particular class of the community , that the bill might not incur any degree of odium that might risk the necessity of its repeal . With respect to the case of chil- 54 dren . it certainly was worthy of consideration , whether some abatement on that account ought not to be made in cases of low income , though by no means in cases of large income . But if , after duly considering the subject , the noble lord should be of opinion that no abatements could be made , he should nevertheless give the bill his support , because he was convinced there never was a measure of revenue so effectually calculated to reach every species of property . said , he heard with very great pleasure the sentiments just expressed by his hon . and learned friend , in which he perfectly coincided . He thought there were several descriptions of persons who certainly ought to be exempted from the operation of this tax , particularly persons with large families having even incomes so high as 200l a year . He compared the situation of the country , under the operation of such a tax as this , and the exigencies which called for it , to that of a ship , whose crew , pressed by scarcity , were put upon short allowance ; where every man was called upon to bear his share of privation , all would cheerfully submit to the hardship , so long as it was the universal and impartial lot ; but if one part of the crew were expected to submit cheerfully to hunger , while another description were allowed to indulge in every luxury , resignation and patient submission could not long last . Thus it would be with those of large families and large incomes , who if they were called on to surrender ten percent . thereout , must absolutely be reduced to want the common necessaries of life . The classes of persons he would wish to exempt , besides those to whom he had just alluded , were widows , poor clergymen , and officers of small pay in the army , unless it was intended to increase the pay of the latter , as in the case of the navy had been lately adopted . He felt the force of his hon . and learned friend 's argument , and applauded the noble lord for the manly manner in which he had come forward to raise so considerable a portion of the supplies for the war within the year and if any considerable deficit from the general produce of the tax , should arise through the exemptions he proposed , it might be made good by encreasing the impost upon higher incomes ; and to such a modification he for one , should most chearfully submit . thought that to admit of no exemptions was a bad principle of taxation ; and that it was neither politic nor humane to