varied if there should appear good cause for it ? A certain proportion had been established between the pay of officers of different ranks : but that , too , might be varied , if there was reason for it . As to the militia officers above a certain rank , they must have private fortunes : and could it be contended , that , because you gave an increase of pay to officers in the army , whose services must be acknowledged to be of a superior nature , who might have no private fortune , and might be obliged to depend solely on their pay for the establishment of their future lives , you ought , therefore , to allow the same increase to persons in circumstances altogether different ? The thing was preposterous on the face of it . He then adverted to the additional expence which an allowance of additional pay to the superior militia officers , would occasion , and contended that this ought to be avoided , since there was no necessity for it . said , that a badge of inferiority would thus be fixed upon the militia officers , much more hurtful to their feelings than the want of the pay , and they would consider this as a precursor of some future measure still further to degrade them . The right hon . secretary himself had recognised the principle of an equal pay , by giving it to the subalterns . The militia captains might be equally in want of the pay , because the qualification required was only 200l . a year . The saving altogether would not be more than 17,000l . But , suppose the increase of pay should be allowed to the captains , the savings then would be quite trifling . The sum for the increase of pay to the regular field-officers was only 16,000l . The militia were in numbers about one-third of the regulars , and the saving would only be the third of 1039 16,000l . He called upon the noble lord opposite ( Temple ) to support the cause of the militia on the present occasion , as he had done at former periods . stated the influence which their situation gave to militia colonels , who possessed advantages which could not be possessed by the regular colonels . observed , that if the hon . gent . had looked at the estimate , he would have found that the additional pay did not extend to the colonels in either case . pressed his wish that his hon . friend would reconsider his measure . Upon the principle which he had stated , different parts of the army itself might have different claims . As to the colonels of militia , they had no claim whatever . The field-officers had not much ; but as to the captains , he must really insist upon the pay being extended to them , because if officers could not be found with the proper qualifications , power had lately been given to accept of them without , and many had been therefore admitted without the qualification . hoped that there could be no difference of opinion as to the necessity of extending the additional allowance to the captains of militia . But he thought the distinction extremely invidious , even as applied to the field-officers . He was surprised that this period of the session should be chosen for the introduction of such a measure , when the militia officers had left their duty in this house , to go discharge more pressing duties , and he hoped , therefore , that it would be reconsidered . could not see why the measure should be objected to , except it was with a view to render his right hon . friend unpopular with the militia and volunteers ; a purpose in which the hon . gent . on the other side had laboured with great perseverance , but he believed with little success . The cavalry were excluded from this increase of pay , and so were the guards , upon the principle that they