of the measure , it appeared to him most unwise and dangerous , and he hoped its progress would be interrupted before so fine an army was impaired by such fanciful schemes . The system of the Roman army was , the hon . general contended , inapplicable to this country , and to the present , times ; young men of 18 engaged for seven years would never he fit for colonial services . The army was admitted to he at the present moment better in numbers and condition than at any former period . The present ministers , if they could have found any opinions to bear them out , would have appealed to the general officers ; but the general officers were all known to be averse to the plan , and therefore no appeal was made to them . plan was not calculated to give satisfaction to the for army , it gave greater advantages to the raw recruit than to the veteran soldier , it went at the same time to make discontents among 150,000 men , and to impose immoderate burthens on the Country . The language of the right hon , gentleman , in saying , that when a man went into the army for life , he was considered as having gone to the dogs , like the strange expression of 'killed off , ' and such others , was calculated to disgust the soldiers . did not exactly know to whom the hon . general alluded , when he styled him judge advocate , and his doubts were not wholly removed when the allusion was made to his observations , for they did not seem to have been correctly understood by that gallant officer . Limited service was the most successful way of procuring men ; and to suppose they could not judge of the advantages of limited service , because they had not sustained the character , was as absurd as to imagine that a young woman could not tell the inducement that one of her sex might have in taking a husband , because she herself had not entered into the marriage state . In the country with which he was best ac- 539 quainted , the men were not obtained by hanging a purse upon a halbert ; they took rational views of their situation , and on these formed their determination . With those gentlemen on the other side , who had considered perpetual service so acceptable , he should be glad to handle such a weapon , and engage on the recruiting duty with them . What would be the arguments they had to offer to the generous youth of the northern mountains , who loved the wilds of which they were natives , because they were the favourite seat of liberty ; `` Hasten with us , they must say , and resign your country . Enter the wild world , and forget the soil of your birth . Leave your fathers and relatives to their romantic hills and fruitful vales , for to them you shall never return . '' Such must be the invitation they must employ . But what would be the language to which he would resort ? — '' Young men ( he would exclaim ) , the love of your country clings about your hearts ; filial duty , honour , and affection , are dear to you as existence ; you revere the fraternal attachment , and will surrender none of the sacred obligations of domestic life . I know you will despise all danger in the defence of these fond objects of your solicitude : advance then with me to the field of virtue and glory , and if you survive the conflict , you shall return to the arms of your relatives , and to the bosom of your country , covered with those laurel which shall command the respect and the gratitude of your compatriots . '' With such Inducement , and such hopes , thousands would flock to the standard of their sovereign ; nor would they cast `` one longing , lingering look