slaves in the West Indies . These , he said , were the considerations he felt on the subject ; and he believed they were the same which operated on the house , in 1792 , to come to the resolution they then did . What had since happened to change that opinion ? Every instance had shewn that encouragement and mitigated labour , had made the negroes productive and useful ; they had encreased in population ; we had made of them soldiers and non-commissioned officers ; and having done so for our own interests , having made them defenders of the country , against the common enemy , for our interests , why should we not do something for theirs ? It had been proved that the population might be kept up without further importations , no- 598 thing could prevent it , but the extremity of vice and misery which prevailed in the West Indies , which kept down the charities of life , and which the house were silently continuing during the present session . The present resolution would lay the foundation for proceeding in the business early in the next session , which he thought not only desirable , but absolutely necessary for the honour and character of that house , and as such it had his most cordial support . said as far as regarded the question of the Abolition of the Slave Trade , his opinion was still consistent with that which he had on all occasions expressed ; and it was not altered with respect to the season and manner in which the question was brought before the house , as he considered this not less objectionable than any hitherto proposed . He had long ago stated his opinion of the manner in which the great and humane object could alone be attained : it was , that a progressive duty should be imposed upon the importation of slaves into the West Indies , until at last it should amount to such an impost as would prove an absolute prohibition of the traffic , and that the bounty should not be a source of emolument to the state , but be paid to the mothers of slaves born in the islands , until they had borne a certain number , when they should be considered free . He did not think the West Indian Planters had had fair play ; they bad been goaded by the hon . gent . who had for years agitated the question in that house , with the requisition of a total and immediate abolition , or nothing at all . To the charge of a right hon . gent . that the trade was a system of rapine , bloodshed , and murder , he would only say , that he had read every tittle of the evidence collected on the subject , and was at a loss to form from it an opinion of the measure ; that evidence was clogged with some unfounded relations , particularly the story of a ship under the command of admiral Nugent having lost 80 out of a cargo of slaves , from their being made to `` walk `` the board , '' in which there was not a syllable of truth . He was not becoming the defender of what was practised towards the slaves ; undoubtedly , much was indefensible . His objection to the present proposition was , that it was indefinite and vague , and he thought it would be putting the house of lords in a situation in which they ought not to be placed , to ask of them to commit themselves to a measure so uncertain as to its ultimate object . He had argued against the abolition of the trade , 599 because it would be depriving the country of a great source of revenue , amounting to two or three millions , at an inconvenient time , and because the American trade in slaves would increase exactly in the proportion that ours decreased . He had been misrepresented out of doors , when stated to have said , that