the empire ; and , from the same analogy , he would infer , that it might also be beneficial to the system of the government of India . This was , perhaps , the first time in the history of parliament , that ministers were called upon to assign a reason why they advised the recall of one individual , or the appointment of manlier . It was strictly parliamentary when the general conduct of ministers was such as parliament disapproved of , to address his majesty for their removal ; but it was quite unusual to call upon ministers for their reasons for every separate appointment which they had advised . During the 22 years which had elapsed since the passing of the act , the noble lord certainly could adduce no precedent of a similar correspondence being laid before parliament . If the house would call to their recollection all that had passed during those 22 years , they might be surprized that the charge of grasping at Indian patronage should have come from that noble lord . For his own part , he always wished that those who were accused should be tried by the law itself , and not by any fanciful interpretations and constructions that could be put upon it by other people . In this instance he stood upon the law , and called upon their lordships to look at the law as it now stood . If the law in stating one thing 959 meant another , the country would have a right to complain of that legislature that would enact such laws . Those whose business it was to carry the laws into execution might also complain of the legislature for leading them into error by fraudulent prevarication . The law however ( as he contended ) , must be construed by the plain meaning , and the expressions that were found in it . The noble lord himself must admit , that the law gave a power of recall , and he could hardly deny that wherever there was a right there was also a duty . If at a future time ministers should be arraigned before that house for a neglect of their duty , it would be a very weak defence to say , that the reason they neglected their duty was because they had taken the noble lord 's construction of a very plain law , and had misunderstood the obvious meaning of it . He had been appealed to personally , as to his recollection of the intention of the legislature in passing the act ; he should therefore declare most solemnly , that it was as clearly in his recollection . as if the transaction was but of yesterday , that it was certainly intended that his majesty 's ministers should have the power of recall at their own discretion . He recollected even the arguments which were urged in the discussion of the bill of 1784 , and he recollected that those who opposed it , took precisely the grounds that the noble lord now rested upon , and said , that the power of recall might virtually give ministers the patronage of India . It was answered then , as it might be answered now , that it never could be contended , that because the crown has the power of negativing an act of parliament , that therefore it could direct the legislature ; and by a parity of reasoning , it might with respect to India , have the power of negativing an appointment , it did not follow that the whole of the appointments must necessarily fall under the controul of his majesty 's ministers . If the noble viscount could shew that this power had been exercised merely for the purpose of procuring the appointment of a person whom they wished to appoint , it would certainly be a violation of the law . The noble lord must , however , recollect , that from the passing of the act in 1784 , to the year 1801 , there had not been a single governor-general appointed either to Bengal