the end of the year 1794 , our naval force , after a long period of peace to prepare it , exceeded but by one sail of the line that which the administration of lord St. Vincent contrived to put in a state of readiness , only one year after the beginning of the present war , and after an interval of only 17 months . During the 3 years of lord St. Vincent 's administration , 5 sail of the line had been launched ; and during the 2 years which followed , what addition had been made to our navy ? Why , none that was effective . Orders had been given to build ships , but these ships would not , even according to the contract , be ready before 1809 . It was true that some purchases had been made ; but what were they ? 6 East-Indiamen , 10 sloops , 10 gun brigs , and 12 fire-vessels . Of the first , 4 were found unfit for service , and one more , which cost 26,000l. , was , after a single voyage , discharged as unfit for any purpose whatever , the India Company refusing to take it back again on almost any terms ; and yet these vessels were bought at the rate of 33l . per ton . Of the gun-brigs , 4 were found to be unfit for service ; of the sloops , 7 ; and of the fire-vessels , 11 . Now , if those provident bargains , and the species of activity which they betrayed , were compared to the conduct of lord St. Vincent , what inference was likely to be drawn , and to whom should blame attach ? Lord St. Vincent had ordered 8 sail of the line , and 103 vessels of men-of-war description to be built . Of these , 84 , 14 of which were frigates , were now in actual service . Very soon , indeed , 90 of the smaller-sized vessels , ordered by the noble earl , would be in readiness , and this would form 25 more than had been produced , of the same sort , for the 12 years preceding his administration ; and all this was done , the house would bear in mind , in the king 's yards , which were also equal to the repair of 61 vessels , 40 of which were of the line . Yet the hon . mover asserted , that it was happy for the country the noble earl had quitted the admiralty , as , if he had remained there , the battle of Trafalgar would never have been won . But the fallacy of this assertion would be obvious to any man who examined the papers on the 200 table ; for by none but earl St. Vincent had that addition been made to our navy , to which the hon . mover thought proper to ascribe the result of that glorious engagement . If the ships ordered to be built by earl St. Vincent , were not yet laid down ; if his orders were not fully executed , he begged to observe , that the fault was in the navy board , whose duty it was to have such orders fulfilled.—The noble lord animadverted on the periods chosen by the hon . mover , for those comparisons as to the number of our fleet , which he seemed to think a proper criterion , from which to judge of the comparative merit of different naval administrations . But no criterion could be more erroneous . For instance , he had only to observe , that although very little merit comparatively belonged to the capture of so many ships at Toulon and the Helder , in the course of the last war , yet how great an addition to our navy , from those events , compared to the 4 ships which we had from the battle of Trafalgar ! We fought not , however , for ships , but to destroy the enemy 's fleets ; and the success of our object