It was now nearly two months since he had felt it his duty to mention this subject in the house ; but , at that time , he was by no means so well acquainted with the mal-practices which prevailed for these ten years back , as he had since become . He was now fully satisfied , that the statement he before made was even below the fact . The house would recollect , that , when he brought the business forward , many gentlemen seemed to doubt the correctness of his information ; and that , in consequence of such doubt , he received a check that was calculated to discourage the prosecution of his object ; but no such check should ever avail to restrain him from the performance of his duty , or damp his feelings in the pursuit of the public good . However , notwithstanding this check , it turned out immediately afterwards , that the rectitude of his pursuit was recognised even by those from whom the check proceeded . For the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , whom he now saw in his place , but a few days afterwards brought forward precisely the same motions , which , when proposed by him , were rejected . But , at the tune of that rejection , he was fully persuaded that the noble lord was not at all aware of the enormous abuses that were going on ; and , it was but justice to that noble lord to say , that he immediately afterwards applied himself to a diligent investigation of the subject ; and the result of that investigation was , that the noble lord found the case much worse than it had been described by him ; in consequence of which discovery , the noble lord took the course already alluded to , and did him the honour of copying Ins motions . Now , it turned out , that the rent of the barns which he before referred to , and which were hired for the use of the soldiery in the Isle of Wight , were some time since reduced to one half of that for which they were originally let ; yet such was their value , that he could assure the house , that were a farther reduction of one half their present rent to take place , as it must , there would still be paid for them even double more than they were worth . But he had to state , that a great many more buildings , of a similar description , let on similar terms , had undergone no reduction whatever . If the house would turn their attention to this matter , they would meet , in every step of their enquiry , circumstances equally calculated to excite their surprise and indignation , Gen- 1177 tlemen would hardly believe that the sum of 200l . a year had been paid for shells of barns in the Isle of Wight . In referring to this part , he took merely a single speck of the barrack accounts ; for , in order to avoid confusion , he did not mean , at present , to extend his investigation to the whole of the barrack accounts , which were confessedly the most confused in Europe . Therefore , he should confine himself , in illustration of the cause of his motion , to Sandown Bay barracks , respecting which , he was possessed of the most satisfactory information . But yet the communications he received were such as impressed him with the propriety of extending his motion to all temporary barracks ; and , it would appear astonishing to the public , that many of these barracks , although hired and paid for by the week , were often actually unoccupied for a considerable part of the year . TO expose such improvident conduct , such Scandalous waste of the public money , and to prevent its continuance , was the object of the motion which he should have the honour of submitting to the house . The hon . gent