final decision on the subject on any given day . Here the conversation ended , and the house resolved itself into a committee , and proceeded to the examination of evidence.—Mr . Hobhouse then took the chair , and Mr. Cowper was called in , and examined at the bar on the Oude Charge . It appeared that Mr. Cowper was a member of the supreme council at Bengal , during the years 1798 , 1799 , and 1800 , and the fact sought to be made out from his examination was , how far it consisted with his knowledge that the marquis Wellesley had endeavoured to obtain the entire possession of Oude , and failing in that attempt had contented himself with the half of that territory , in lieu of the sum of money payable by the nabob to the company . Similar objections to questions put for the purpose of learning the witness 's construction of the treaty between the nabob the company , as those made toe preceding day , were again urged , and the questions withdrawn . Lord A. Hamilton , Mr. Paull , and Col. Wood , however , maintained that the witness being a member of the council , and one of the parties to the treaty , he must of all others he best qualified to give an opinion as to the fair construction to be put on it . Mr. Hurst asked the witness whether the line of conduct pursued by the marquis of Wellesicy was not , on the whole , calculated to promote the British interests in India , and to protect the dominions of the Nabob of Oude ? Witness answered 'In the highest degree.—Sir T. Metcalfe asked whether any other governor the witness had heard of , had more frequently or more confidentially consulted the opinion of the government council than the marquis of Wellesley ? The witness answered in the negative . Some further interrogatories were put by Mr. W. Keene , Mr. Paull , and sir W. Young , when the witness withdrew . observed that it was a fundamental principle of the law of that the accused should be presumed innocent until actually found guilty . Therefore he should feel himself warranted in stating that the noble marquis who seas the object of this accusation was innocent , and indeed 786 So far as the evidence . had yet gone nothing but his innocence had appeared . But as it was the object of the accuser to establish the guilt of the accused , he would suggest to him the necessity of bringing forward some evidence congenial to his views . This suggestion he thought it his duty to offer merely for the sake of regularity , without having the honour to know either the honourable member who brought forward the accusation , or the noble defendant . maintained that that part of the charge which he had submitted to the house relative to the noble lord 's having declined to resort to the advice of his council upon matters of great public importance as his duty prescribed , was fully proved by the evidence even of the last witness . was called in and examined . His statements for the most part went to show that , in the district where he was magistrate , which appeared to be in the ceded provinces , the Zemindars and principle inhabitants , who influenced the mass of the population , were inimical to the British government , in consequence of the introduction of certain regulations , and that they were ripe for revolt . The presence of troops was necessary for the collection of the revenue.—Mr . Beresford , after the witness had been ordered to withdraw , said , that had he not been disinclined to interrupt the business , he would have objected to such questions being put , as they would give information to the enemy . was then examined : he had long resided at Lucknow , and was in the habits of intimate acquaintance with the present nabob , in whose employment he is at present . As to