who were least of all fitted for it , from the nature of the other duties which they had to attend to . The object of the bill was to put an end to crimping and to high bounties , and so far was it from answering this object , that it encouraged both . The parish officers Were lowed to have recourse to crimps ; and you might limit the bounty to 12l . as you pleased ; but when it was the interest of the party to give any thing less than 32l . set the crimp and the officer together , and something very like 32l . would be given . Add to this , that you were by no means sure that you had a. soldier after all . Out of this criminal conversation , which the crimp and officer held together for the purpose of violating the bill , what did you gain ? Why , a man for limited service , that most useless , as it had been said , of all sorts of men . And all this too , by the operation of the sympathy which must exist between the battalions , when , perhaps , they had no connection whatever with each other ! And this was supported by those who objected to the plan of his rt . hon . friend on the grounds of its sentimentality , while they followed regular rules . They adapted their philosophy to their system , while he adapted his system to his philosophy ; to principles founded upon observation of human nature , and established by the experience of ages . But not only were the means employed bad ; they were often the very same which it was the object of the bill to destroy . The object was to set free the recruiting for the regular army . He would , therefore , state the fluctuations that had taken place in the recruiting service , in consequence of those measures . The noble lord had acted unfairly , for he had gone back to a period of peace . It was true , government then wanted men ; but they got as many as they wanted , and there they stopped . But in six months of 1803 , the number recruited for the regular army amounted to 6,538 men ; in the next six months it fell to 4,504 ; and in the next six months to 3,749 . In the next six months the number was 5,949 , and in the next 6,698 . But when the additional force act came into 15 operation , the number sunk to 4,600 men . The deficiency of the last six months kept pace with the increased operation of the act . This deficiency was 1,898 men . The act produced 1,960 men , a number which was only a little greater than the amount of the deficiency , and these few additional men were procured with all the increase of bounty , and the oppressive and vexatious circumstances that attended the execution of this act . This , after all , was but one view of the subject . He had only attended to the effects of the act as they were connected with what had been promised from its operation . He would not detain the house with a detail of the objections to this measure from the manner in which it employed the parish officers and other matters ; but even from what he had stated , he was totally at a loss to understand what could be the use of retaining such an act as that which the house was now called upon to repeal . It might , to be sure , be useful to a few persons in opposition , for certainly an opposition less independent , and less pure , than that which we now had , might make use of it to clog the measures of government . They might say , `` You want to get rid of crimps , but we leave you that which must preclude the possibility of getting