understand his pledge as retracted ? Are we to understand , that the right hon . gent . puts wholly , out of the account in the estimate of our relative strength and power as compared with those of the enemy , all those circumstances in which our superiority is trot only unrivalled , but unquestioned ; and despairs of the safety of the country unless we can acquire a similar superiority also , in respect to that species of power which the physical means of our enemy enable them to maintain upon a therefore , if I am not much mistaken , that scale which ii is impossible for us to equal ? —If indeed the right hon . gent . had been applying his argument to that system of insular policy which he very properly abjures , and confining his views , as he very properly disdained to do , to the mere question of domestic security , I admit that the argument no nation can be a sound one ; undoubtedly no nation can be great or respected abroad which not confident of its safety at home ; but of this there is now I trust no question . trust that the sufficiency of our means , and provision for home defence , is no longer matter of anxiety . Nor did tire right hon . gent . to do him Justice , consider it in that point of view . But if the right hon . gent . meant to say , that unless we , with our 14 or 15 millions of population , can , after providing amply for our home-defence , after manning a navy such as the world never saw before , after garrisoning all our distant colonial possessions , —maintaining at the same time the manufactures and industry of the country ; —if he means that unless under all those circumstances , and after all these de- 553 ductions , we can furnish invading and conquering armies , capable of equalling those which the undivided efforts of the enemy have raised from a population more than double in number , that unless we can do this , we must be content to abdicate our station , and sacrifice our honour ; if this be the right hon . gent . 's meaning , I confess I do not know how sufficiently to express my regret at hearing such sentiments from the mouth of a British minister at a moment like the present . I regret it the more , because these sentiments agree too much with those which the whole French school of politicians have for the last ten years been labouring to inculcate . The notion that territory , and population form the only two legitimate bases of national power , that it is upon them alone that a nation can either establsh its own intrinsic merit , or found a claim to respect and influence among its neighbours , —this notion it has undoubtedly suited the views of France to propagate ; but I do not think that it is becoming or Safe for the government of this country to adopt it . If this notion be true , arid is received by us as true , the contest is at an end : —France is universally predominant , and we must bound our wishes to humble safety . But if , as I contend , ( and a hope I should do the right hon . gent . injustice if I did not believe him to be ready to contend with me ) , the power of this country is not the less firm , nor its means of exertion the less effectual , nor its claim to the high rank which it has hitherto held , the less legitimate , because they are founded on other bases than the mere extent of its soil and the number of its inhabitants ; if its naval pre-eminence , if its commercial enterprize , if its industry and wealth are allowed to weigh any thing in the scale , I must protest against the doctrine , which goes to invalidate