namely , which he had already adverted to , and which had upon the recommitment been pointed out to the right hon . gent . by an hon . friend of his near him ( Mr. Huskisson ) . For that gentleman , he said , did upon that occasion point out the objection which then existed for the first time ; namely , that of enabling the king to make any orders , and incur any expences by those orders , which he might please ; and pledging parliament before hand to undertake to ratify those orders , and bear their expence . And he said it was just worthy of remark , that this objection , which was so urged by his hon . friend , ( Mr. Huskisson ) had at the time been treated by the right hon . gent. , as every thing which came from the side of the house where he stood was uniformly treated , as the mere objection of party , which had nothing in it , and bespoke only a determined spirit to oppose every thing . 625 But when the bill was reported , at three o'clock in the morning , after the house had been tired by a long debate , the notable amendment was introduced , which the house was then considering ; and when the bill came yesterday to be read a third time , the side of the house on which he was standing was for the first time acquainted with its existence . At that time the house was extremely thin , and it was proposed to the right hon . gent . to postpone the discussion till the day when he was then speaking : but the right hon . gent . would not consent to it , and then the hon . general who had been alluded to ( general Tarleton ) feeling no doubt that such a bill should not , at the only occasion in which it was to receive any discussion , be discussed to empty benches , did move that the house should be counted , and it was found that there were not 40 members , and therefore the adjournment , which the right hon . gent . did not choose to consent to , was obtained , by shewing that the house was not in a condition to go on with the debate.—The hon . and learned gent . then observed upon the ridicule which the right hon . gent . had cast upon the objection made to the reducing the bill in its size , as if necessarily that would reduce its power and effect ; but he contended that nothing had fallen from the noble lord which at all justified that ridicule . The noble lord was well aware that this comprehensive mode of legislating , that is the mode of legislating by giving the power to the king to make the regulations , instead of making them in the act itself , might certainly be much more effectual than the other . And it was one , he said , which the right hon . gent . if the house by permitting it encouraged him , might perhaps be particularly disposed to adopt ; because by that means he would avoid all detail of provision and regulation , which as he certainly did not peculiarly shine in it , he might possibly be very well inclined to get rid of . And upon the same principle the whole business of the session might be comprised in one short , compact , tight little act , very mighty in operation though very small in size , he meant an act to enable his majesty , by order in council , to make any laws he pleased . Certainly , he said , he was ready to admit that the right hon . gent . 's constitutional principles would never let him carry his love of short acts of parliament , and his hatred of detail , to such an extent . And he would admit further , that as the act was now last