lords might clearly see the grounds on which the late administration had formed a deliberate opinion entirely inimical to enlisting for a term of years , and those on which the bill before the house must rest He saw no good ground of objection to the production of these papers ; but if there was any to laying them before the house in detail , he believed there was an . abstract of the opinions and statements contained in them in the office of his royal highness the Commander hi Chief , which might be considered an official paper , and which would answer the desired purpose . His lordship concluded by moving for an humble address to his Majesty , praying that copies of the opinions alluded to might be laid before the house . considered the production of the opinions alluded to as unnecessary and improper . He had , amongst other officers , been called upon for his opinion , in a letter from his royal highness the Commander in Chief , which was marked 'confidential , ' and to which he gave an answer , containing his opinion upon the subject , but which he had not the most distant supposition was ever to be laid before parliament . The same idea might probably influence most of the officers who gave their opinions ; and who , not conceiving that their sentiments , thus confidentially given , were ever to be made public , might give their opinions in a diffuse and prolix style , or in a manner very different to that which they would have done , had they conceived that their letters were to be laid before parliament ; he thought , therefore , it would be indelicate to drag forward opinions , thus privately and confidentially given , before a public assembly , and where the far greater part of the officers who had pronounced such opinions would have no opportunity of explaining their sentiments . Most of these opinions also were those of military men , and not of statesmen ; they related to the effect on the interior discipline of regiments , which the measure proposed in the bill before the house might produce , rather than to those enlarged views upon the subject which must necessarily be entertained in that house . He could not , therefore , perceive any good that could be produced , by agreeing to the motion of the noble lord , whilst , at the same time , be deprecated any 606 attempt to influence their lordships ' minds by the opinions of others ; above all , he protested against the idea started by the noble lord , of laying upon the table a paper from the Commander in Chief , in order to influence their lordships ' opinions . However high the respect he entertained for that illustrious personage , he must protest against any motion of that description . contended , that the papers moved for by his noble friend ought to be produced , in order that many noble lords who had not had an opportunity of considering the question in the manner in which it had come before the late ministers , might see distinctly the grounds on which they had acted , in abandoning that measure , which was now brought forward by his majesty 's present ministers . He thought also that the opinions of the officers who had been called upon , having been given in the manner in which they were to the Commander in Chief , might fairly be laid before parliament without the slightest indelicacy towards these officers . spoke shortly against the motion , and expressed his opinion , that as other means had failed , it was proper to try the experiment of recruiting the army by means of enlisting for a term of years . thought a different interpretation ought to be put upon the word `` confidential '' to that given by the noble earl ( Moira ) . From the letters being marked 'confidential , ' he should have conceived that it was only intended that the officers