a volunteer , or shall become one , he shall not serve under it : it not only recognized the volunteers , but indicated the wish of the legislature , that their number should be augmented . Some allusion to words used by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , had been irregularly 828 adverted to ; but , whatever were the terms employed , looking to the measures of ministers , it was clearly their intention to favour the volunteer system ; and with this view , if any were not pleased with the society they met with under the present measure , they might select their own corps of volunteers , and remove the objection . If the volunteers , in the event of invasion , were to be put on garrison duty , how were the ranks to be filled up in the army , after a destructive engagement , more advantageously than by such a resource as was provided by this bill ? He would defy any man to discover an expedient that could more effectually answer this end . The island had alone been preserved by the successive measures adopted : this was one of the most valuable , and the enemy would abandon all future hope of subduing ; our territory , when they saw an armed and disciplined nation ready to present their bodies as a rampart for its defence . It was upon these ground that he approved of this bill , whether he looked at the immediate or the remote effect , and he was sensible that the labourer or the artisan would not in such a pursuit regard the shillings and sixpences he should lose in substracting a few days from his ordinary occupations . He was not at all apprehensive of any jealousies tween the volunteers and these new levies ; they were admirably adapted to harmonize with , and assist each other ; and with a proper attention to call forth the strength and spirit of the country , he trusted that , under Providence , no human power could endanger our security and independence . said , that one of the principal imputations of blame to him urged by the opposers of this measure was , that he had not introduced it to the house or commenced the debate with a speech explanatory of his own views of it at large ; but to do this , he must have repeated every speech he had made upon this topic in the course of the last 3 years . Another objection urged against him was , that he had on various occasions undervalued , and treated with contempt , the volunteers , and that this bill was calculated to supersede them altogether . The first part of the charge he utterly denied , and declared it was his wish , often repeated , that the volunteers should continue : and this bill so far from being calculated , or intended to supersede the volunteer system , had for its object merely to render the volunteers that which they were originally in- 829 tended to be , according to the principle avowed by those who first proposed their establishment namely , a body of men serving their country at their own expence . Another objection to this bill was , that its principle was compulsory , and therefore repugnant to the feelings of Englishmen . But gentlemen who used this argument , seemed to forget that there was such a thing existing in this country as a militia force , entirely mustered and recruited upon the same principle , namely , by ballot , which he always understood to be a compulsory principle ; and that the army of reserve , and the former training bill , for which those very gentlemen had voted , and who were now so much shocked at the idea of compulsion , were carried on upon the very same compulsory principle of ballot ; and without compulsion , and expence , which was another objection to the bill , he should be glad to know how it was possible