he begged not to be understood to impute any unnecessary delay to the committee , to whose abilities , energy , and activity , on the contrary , he bore the highest testimony . Although all could not be done that it was de 1013 sirable to do , he trusted , that , before the house separated , they would , at least , consent to a bill to make some regulation in the contending interests on this subject ; and , as early as possible in the next session , he trusted , that an ultimate arrangement would be agreed to . The noble lord then moved for , and obtained leave to bring in a bill , pursuant to the resolution of the said committee.—The house resolved into a committee upon the Nabob of Arcott 's Debts bill.—Lord H. Petty proposed clauses to empower the commissioners , under this bill , to apprehend persons refusing to attend , and to commit persons refusing to answer questions ; also to order the commissioners to make a report of their proceedings to parliament at least 21 days after the meeting of the sessions ; and , from time to time afterwards ; such reports to comprehend lists of the claims preferred , and of the decisions provisionally or absolutely made thereon , together with a statement of the grounds upon which such decisions were made . After some conversation between Mr.Perceval , Mr. Windham , lord H. Petty , Mr. Paull , Mr. Grant , and Mr. W. Keene , these amendments were agreed The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be brought up to-morrow.—The secretary at war laid on the table the estimates for additional pay to the officers of the army , and gave notice of his intention to move resolutions , grounded upon those estimates , in the committee of supply , on Friday . The right hon . gent . thought it proper to inform the house , that it was not proposed to extend the increased pay to a certain rank of officers in the militia , who , for obvious reasons , stood in need of no such addition . It was , therefore , meant , as there was a clause in the militia act , extending the same pay to that body , as was received by the regular army , to prepare a short bill , which his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) would move for to-morrow ; and the object of which would be to amend that clause , so as that it should not interfere with the resolutions which he should have the honour of submitting to the committee on Friday . Mr. Windham gave notice of his intention to make , to-morrow , the motion referred to by his right hon . friend . Mr. Huskisson asked to what degree the proposed augmentation was to be carried , and to what class of officers extended ? The secretary at war replied , that the augmentation was to extend to all ranks in the regular army , but to none above subalterns in the militia . He 1014 felt , that it would be inconvenient to go into each article of augmentation at present . The Speaker observed , that there being no question before the house , such a statement could tot be regularly , gone into , at least , without creating a debate.—Mr . Huskisson gave notice of his intention to move , on Friday , certain resolutions respecting the revenue and expenditure of the country . These resolutions , the how . gent added , would not be of the same nature with those which had been annually submitted to the house for some years back , but would relate rather to the mode of making up the public accounts . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to this subject . The evidence to which his motion would refer , bad now lain before the house for a considerable time , without any report being made upon it , and this