that can deserve his animadversion , but the tone in which I spoke ; this , I own , is a difficut thing to answer ; an expres- 358 sion may be explained , a mistake may be corrected , but , as to a tone , I really am at a loss what to say on the subject . If , in speaking of measures in which the right hon . gent . himself was concerned , I adopted a tone not pleasing to him , I may be sorry , though I do not feel disposed to apologize to him personally for it ; but if , on that , on that other occasion , I had adopted a tone which was disagreeable to the house , I should hot only be sorry for it , but would be ready to make the most ample apology for having done so . The right hon . gent . had said that no very considerable part of any arrears would be lost to the public . He himself had stated that he hoped that would be the case . But would the right hon . gent . venture to say , that it was no loss to the public that the accounts of the barrack department , of the public stores to an immense amount , of the expedition to the Helder , of the expedition to Egypt , and of our whole foreign subsidiary system during the last war , had never been audited ; all of which had taken place while the right hon . gent . himself was at the treasury board ? This being the fact , the house must agree with him in thinking that , though great part of the sums granted for these services might be properly laid out , there was every possibility of great frauds having been committed . The right hon . gent . had accused him of not dealing fairly by Mr. Trotter . He had only stated the circumstances in which that gentleman stood . But did he impute any blame to him ? No . If , however , he had omitted it on the former day , he should now ask , if the right hon . gent . thought it proper , that the same person should be the purveyor , manufacturer , and store-keeper for government , and at the same time the auditor of his own accounts ? Did the right hon . gent . mean to say that 10 per cent . was all that Mr. Trotter had on these furnishings ? He had , besides , an additional 5 per cent . for credit , and another 5 per cent . for incidental charges , making a total of 20 per cent . He had not said , however , that Mr. Trotter was to blame in this ; probably he might have been right to have got 50 per cent . if he could . In 1801 , suspicions being entertained as to the correctness of his charge , a charge at prime cost was demanded , when it was found that these were his additional charges . He then reduced the 10 per cent . charges to 5 per cent . ; the extra charge from 5 to 2½ per cent . ; and the other 5 per cent . for interest he gave 359 up entirely ; so that he then began to find the same articles for 7½ per cent. , which , during the whole of the war , he had charged at no less than 20 per cent . The noble lord had no hesitation in doing Mr. Trotter the justice to declare , that , from every thing he had been able to discover , the articles were of the very best quality . But in so complete an absence of all check on the extent and nature of the charge , it became his duty to advert to the above circumstances . He had so stated it on a former day , and now he could not contradict what he then stated .