its success , and the highest gratitude for the benefits it was meant to confer ? The case quoted from the American war was not , in his judgment , applicable to the proposed plan for limited service , at leant not for the object quoted to discoun- 453 tenance this plan . And as to the difficulties likely to arise from the adoption of this plan to the supply of our army in India , he thought them extremely overstated . To be satisfied of this , gentlemen . had only , to reflect that , according to the arrangements at present , a regiment seldom returned from India within less than 20 or 25 years , and the soldiers generally remaining , of course , until such return , many of them came home cripples and invalids . What encouragement did such spectacles hold out to recruiting ? But in the proposed change , the soldier would come home at the expiration of his time of service , whether the regiment to which he belonged returned or not . The same observations would apply with regard to the West Indies . And as to both , no inconvenience could arise in the conveyance of soldiers , when our commercial intercourse with the colonies was considered . Merchant shipping could never be wanted for the purpose of such conveyance either to or from this country ; and from our second battalions at home , which he would always recommend to have kept up , substitutes for the soldiers coming from the colonies could be immediately sent out . If , however , the proposed change should be found productive of any disadvantage with regard to our colonial force , regulations might be made to remedy it . It was not pretended that this project would , not serve to provide for the ordinary casualties of the army . But how , said a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) , are the extraordinary casualties to be provided for in case of actual war in this country ? Before , however , this question was answered , suppose the right hon . gent . were asked , what provision did former ministers make for these extraordinary casualties ? None whatever , unless it was pretended that the Additional Force bill , which was now happily about to be repealed , and which did not actually produce 6000 men in the year for the army , could supply those casualties . But was it not in fact a prominent part of the able system the house had heard stated by his right hon . friend , to make a provision in case of war in the country for the casualties alluded to by the right hon . gent ? Independently of the right which his majesty in such a case possessed , of calling out every man for the public defence , was it not proposed by his right hon . friend that 200,000 men should be previously trained and fitted to fill up any vacancies that 454 might occur in the army , and provide for extraordinary casualties ? Such was the force meant to be in reserve , and certainly nothing of the kind was devised before , nor was any ever proposed for the purpose , excepting the Levy en Masse act , which was brought forward by the right hon . gent . and which , in fact , was . quite an impracticable scheme . Under the fullest consideration which he had been able to give to the subject , the hon . officer concluded with declaring , that the system of his right hon . friend was , in his opinion , the wisest that had ever been proposed to this country ; —that it promised to be effectual for all the objects it professed to have in view ; — and that it would furnish the necessary supply to our present army , while it would provide an efficient army of reserve for our future security . thought it necessary to correct an error , into which the hon . officer