, out of 23 persons , 16 had been committed during the same period : 147 in the Poultry Compter were 31 , of whom 20 were in the same predicament : in Giltspur-street Compter , out of 42 , 25 had been committed since that time : in the Fleet , where the residence was more convenient and where many may he said to be domiciliated , there were 286 , out of which 133 had gone in since Michaelmas term ; and , in the King 's Bench , ware 608 , out of whom 267 had thrown themselves in since the period he had mentioned . He must again impress upon their lordships the increased frequency of such acts in late years . In the reign of queen Anne , there were only two Insolvent acts passed ; and the condition was , that the persons who were discharged by them should enter into her majesty 's service . In the general view of the case , their lordships would have seriously to consider the situation of the creditors . The injurious result which must ensue to them from such a measure as the present , would have the effect of placing many of them in the situation of their present debtors . It was not only the creditor who was injured , but even the debtor himself , by the natural consequences of frequent enactments of this kind , as leading him into a habit of contracting debts which otherwise he would avoid . While he thus expressed his sentiments , he must beg leave to assure the house , that he was convinced that the noble lord who proposed the present bill was actuated by the most honourable and humane motives . said that he was equally an enemy to the whole code of laws relative to imprisonment for debts , and to the frequency of these acts ; but , he still contended for the propriety of the bill going into a committee . There were many creditors who gave credit with such a degree of facility , as to deserve suffering , rather than commiseration . That numbers of those who had petitioned might have thrown themselves into prison , may be true ; but then it was as certain , that many of them had been thrown in by their creditors : their situation should , therefore , be discriminated from that of the fraudulent debtors . At all events , he would recommend to the house to go into a committee , where provisions might be added to satisfy the objections of the lords , and where a clause might be introduced , if their lordships thought necessary , making the condition of the discharge an entrance into his majesty 's land or sea forces . called the attention of their lordships to the conversation which had taken place on the introduction of some petitions by him : he had then considered it as the opinion of their lordships , at least of some of the most distinguished members of the house , that some bill of temporary relief should be immediately introduced ; the public exigencies preventing a revision of the whole code between debtor and creditor . His noble friend below him ( lord Moira ) , who , much to his honour , had so frequently come forward on occasions of the kind , had stated that , from the pressure of his official avocations , he could not , with propriety , undertake to bring forward , this session , any specific measure tending to an amelioration of those laws , the severity of which were , by the most eminent characters , almost universally admitted ; but , that as he conceived that the sufferings of the unfortunate , imprisoned debtors should not be prolonged , he would give his support to any act of temporary relief introduced in the interval . Under these impressions , he had the honour of submitting the present bill to their lordships ' consideration . This bill he had framed in the most guarded manner , for the specific purpose