the turban of the nabob.—When the examination was concluded for the day , and the house had resumed , a conversation took place on the subject of the order of the house in proceeding . It appeared to be the understanding of the house at length , that the Speaker 752 should take the chair at an early hour , for the purpose of forwarding private business , and that as soon after 5 o'clock as the members most interested in the case should be ready to hear evidence , that that should take precedence of all other business . It was also understood that the second reading of the training bill was to be postponed ; and that it would be impossible to bring on the Farrucabad charge until the next session of parliament . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration the Petition of the hon . Mr. Justice Fox . The Petition was read by the clerk as follows . `` To the right hon . the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in parliament assembled : The Petition of the hon . Luke Fox , one of the justices of his majesty 's court of common pleas in Ireland : `` Humbly Sheweth ; That the petitioner in the summer of the year 1803 , went , as one of the judges of assize , upon the north west circuit in Ireland , where he discharged the duties of his office , to the best of his judgment , according to law , and the solemn obligation of his oath , by which he was bound to do justice indifferently , without respect of persons.—That as long after the conclusion of that circuit as the 31st of May 1804 , a petition was presented to your lordships by John Hart , esq . complaining of certain parts of the petitioner 's conduct in his situation of judge , at the assizes held at Lifford on the said circuit ; and in the month of July 1804 , two other petitions , apparently influenced by the example of the said John Hart , were presented to your lordships ; one in the name of Wm . Armstrong , and others ; and the other in the name of Gerrard Irvine , esq . further complaining of your petitioner 's conduct at Inniskillen on the said circuit.—Your petitioner begs leave to inform your lordships , that he received no previous notice , from any person , that it was intended to make his judicial conduct the subject of public complaint ; and he was first apprised of the same by the common newspapers , having been at the time occupied by the duties of his office in Dublin ; but anxious to rescue his character from any 753 imputation , and deeply sensible of the public injury which must result from permitting charges , however unfounded , to remain suspended over a person appointed to administer justice , your petitioner came forthwith to London , for the purpose of vindicating his character , and taking the necessary steps for his speedy and immediate defence.—That on the th July 1804 , certain articles of complaint , founded upon the aforesaid petitions , and other matters , were presented to your lordships , and laid upon your table ; but parliament was soon afterward prorogued , and your petitioner had to return to the discharge of his functions of a judge , oppressed with the weight and obloquy of a public accusation preferred in his absence , to the highest tribunal in the realm , and precluded from all means of vindicating his character , or defending his conduct , until a future session of parliament , by reason of the complaint against your petitioner not having been brought forward by his accusers , till near the close of the session , when it was impossible to have any effectual proceeding thereon.—Your petitioner respectfully submits to your lordships , that in a business of such serious importance to the administration of public justice , as that of a criminal