the publication of the warrant in the Calcutta Gazette as unnecessary . He contended however , that , according to the true intent and construction of the act , the warrant ought not to have been detained in this country , after a convenient time for transmitting it to India , when executed by his majesty . He thought , therefore , that the appointment in this instance ought not to pass without inquiry . contended , that if ever the principle , that no servant of the company should be appointed governor general , had been acted upon , it was by the noble viscount himself ( lord Melville ) . That noble lord might not have promulgated that doctrine ; but all his recommendations , whilst he presided over the affairs of India , proved that to be his impression . In the appointment of Marquis Wellesley , the noble viscount had done well for the public service , who- 965 ever might be injured by it . The noble viscount would not in that instance suffer a servant of the company to hold the government even for a few months , but sent a commission to the commander in chief to take the office upon him till the arrival of marquis Wellesley . The same course had been pursued by sending a commission to general Harris to take provisionally the government of Madras , when he had been superseded . If the noble viscount had not promulgated this doctrine , these acts were strong indications of it . He should not have said a word on the subject , but that he wished the poison of the noble lord 's speech to be accompanied with the antidote . in justification of his conduct in the several instances alluded to , stated the motives by which he had been actuated . He had never laid it down as a rule , that the servants of the company were not proper persons to be appointed to the government general . Neither had he asserted that they ought exclusively to be appointed to that high office . His conduct spewed that neither had been his rule of action . Whoever should be appointed , ought to be a person of character and of abilities to fill the important office . He had argued with a view to a rumour which had gone abroad that the objection to sir G. Barlow was , his having been a servant to the company . He should say , however , that the suspicions he had entertained on the subject had not been weakened by any thing he had heard in that debate . If the papers should be granted , and they should confirm those suspicions , he intended to found upon them an ulterior proceeding . could not sit silent when he heard an objection started which he did not expect to be repeated . The warrant could have no effect till communicated to the party ; and he agreed with the learned lord ( Eldon ) , that the clause for publication at Calcutta was nugatory . That the communication gave legal effect to the warrant , would appear in the instance of the judges in the event of the demise of the crown . He might on such an event be in the discharge of his duty in an extreme part of the country , and if his commission could be vacated without communication , any exercise of his power after such demise , in ordering a man convicted of a capital offence for execution , 966 would be murder at common law . It was the duty of the persons who advised his majesty to issue the warrant , to communicate it to the court of directors in eight days , in order that they might fill up that appointment . But it was not their duty , nor had it ever been intended , that they should send out the warrant as rapidly as possible . The case of the appointment of a lord lieutenant of Ireland was an ilustration of this principle . In the stance of