encouragement was given to the navigation of the country ; but since this resource had ceased , the shipping interest had declined ; and he could state that , in 1802 , there were not less than 100 of these ships with a broom at the masthead , which fully sheaved the distressed situation of the ship owners . On these , and various grounds , he moved , that , instead of the word `` now , '' the words `` this day three months '' be inserted in the motion . seconded the amendment , and characterised the bill as unjust , unreasonable , and impolitic . deprecated the passing of a bill which went to suspend the navigation laws of the country , in so thin a house , and at so late a period of the session . He then took a general view of the arguments for and against the bill ; and contended that the discretionary power of suspending the navigation laws was best vested in the different West India governors , the meanest of whom had more local and immediate knowledge than ministers could possess , even with all that superior ability and information which they had as- 970 cribed to themselves . The bill , he observed , had now been two months before the house , and yet , during all that period , ministers had refused a delay of four days for receiving evidence in the committee , against the bill . Not even a road bill was denied an advantage of this nature ; and yet it had been refused in the case of a bill affecting the most important interests of the country . It allowed the exportation of West India produce in Amer can bottoms to all parts of the world , this country excepted , and thus ; effectually discouraged the navigation interests of this country , He contended that a right hon . sec . I had been guilty of a gross violation of the law , in acting up to the provisions of the present bill , while it was not in existence , by suspending the operation of the navigation laws . He then took a view of its effects on the shipping interest , and on our North American colonies , which were nearly able to supply lumber and provisions to our West India islands . The ultimate tendency of the bill would be to place this country in a state of dependence on the states of America , with whom we were not , indeed , in a state of war , but who seemed to have forgot every feeling of amity towards this country . It was not , indeed , likely that we should ever quarrel with them , if those principles were acted upon which were supported in publications coming from the Ministerial presses , and which went to allow them all those demands which they claimed . declared that he considered the silence of the gentlemen opposite as an insult to the house . He was sorry he could not call it the first insult they had thus offered . He had come down to the house merely to give a silent vote against the measure , and should not have thus commented on the conduct of the men by whom it had been brought forward , had not their conduct forced front him the observation which he had , just made . He then repeated the arguments that had been adduced against the bill , and hoped , for the sake of common decorum , that his majesty 's ministers would not persevere in the line of conduct which they had that evening adopted . defended the letter which had been alluded to by an hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Bourne ) ; that letter contained an exception which rendered it very dif- 971 ferent from what it had been stated to be . The question before the house was very narrow , and by no means required the extensive discussion into which those who opposed it seemed inclined to enter . Confining himself