, to one inure fit . He could not conceive , therefore , how the interests alluded to by the right hon . gent . could be affected by the bill . Now , if it should happen that this power of relaxation should he abused , it was competent to parliament to take care that the council should do its duty more properly in such a case , and to force it to act as it ought to do . But , at least , an enquiry ought to be allowed . Enquiry into what ? The facts which the right hon . gent . had mentioned , respecting the state of the shipping between 1784 and 1793 , might be very good ones , if the question had been respecting the general principle . But what had these to do with the subject , when the question was about placing a temporary power in the hands of those with whom such powers had been considered as most safely lodged ? Here was no mention made , at present , of a permanent system . If there had , certainly an enquiry would have been proper . But what was the use of it , when this was only a question relative to temporary power already recognised . Giving the right hon . gent . full credit , therefore , for all that he had said , still he had said nothing against the bill . Allowing him even his supposition , that the necessity no longer existed , still he had said nothing against it . Besides all this , he strongly disapproved of breaches of the law , and bills of indemnity . They were much to be deprecated in all regular governments ; and it was far better that this suspension should he rendered lawful at once , in cases of necessity ; and this was all that was required by the bill . said , that the right hon . secretary had made out no case of necessity , nor even of expediency . He was , however , considerably relieved from his alarm , after what had been said respecting the American 345 government . He was glad to find , that they had not urged such a monstrous proposition , as that we ought to repeal our Navigation laws . Yet something of this sort had been agitated by many persons connected with the American government , and by the country . On this account , he thought it very bad policy in us to do any thing , at present , that might look like concession , as the Americans might think the government was of a conceding disposition , and might presume on that temper . The right hon . secretary might in this manner feel the inconvenience of this measure . He could not see any ground , founded either in the expediency or the necessity of the case , for this measure , which went almost to the overturning the system of our Navigation laws . The noble lord opposite ( lord Temple ) , in his opinion , proceeded with too great a tone of authority , in a measure for the accomplishment of which it might be expected that some reasonable and strong argument , of political necessity , prudence , or economy , would have been advanced . He would advise the noble lord to be something more moderate , more condescending in the manner in which he pressed such measures forward : he could not think that it was very wise in that noble lord to push important measures of Commercial regulations through that house entirely by the force of government . There was another favourite object of the noble lord 's , which then occurred to his mind , that was the Tortola free port bill . Than that bill , he could venture to affirm , there was not one ever introduced into the British or any other legislative assembly , which involved in it a greater breach of commercial regulation , or , he might say , of common sense ; yet