bottom of the hold of a Guinea ship , frequently surrounded by famine and death . He then adverted to the case of a policy of insurance tried in the court of king 's bench , where the slaves , in hopes of liberty , having attacked the crew , were fired upon , and while some were mortally wounded , others were thrown overboard , a prey to the sharks ; while those who remained , were mingled with the dead and dying ; and in this case , continued the learned lord , a British jury was called on to say how many were lost by death , how many by the perils of the sea , and thus to indemnify the robber against the loss of his plunder ; he therefore asked , was this practice consistent with humanity and , justice ? And as we knew the evil to exist , it was our duty to God , and to our country , which was the morning star that enlightened Europe , and whose boast and glory was to grant liberty and life , and administer humanity and justice to all nations , to remedy that evil ; and he had so high an opinion of the planters in those islands , that he was convinced they would go hand in hand with the parliament upon this measure . congratulated the noble and learned lord upon the new 808 light which had flashed upon him ; but having himself presented the petition against this measure , he would offer a few observations . The question was not between the merchants of Liverpool and the abolitionists , but a great general question , involving the interests of the public at large . This measure called upon the house to pledge itself to libel their ancestors , and calumniate individuals . At this period of the year , he considered it impolitic and improper for government to entertain abstract resolutions upon this subject , which might , although consistent with justice and humanity , be contrary to policy , and vice versa , and should not be brought forward without further evidence , examination , and proof . He quoted Holy Writ , to shew that slavery existed from the beginning of the world to the present day , and was not contrary to the law of nations ; and , putting out of the question all that had been sung in ballads , or written in novels , there still was nothing inimical to this practice . He thought the present , being so near the close of the sessions , was not a fit time to try the question , and therefore gave it his decided opposition . replied , that however the Mosaic and other laws might have allowed slavery , under certain restrictions , yet there was no authority whatever authorising the slave trade . The state of slavery was an evil degrading to mankind , and though fed with the choicest viands , and always reclining on a bed of roses , the idea to him was abominable ; it was inconsistent with justice and humanity , and contrary to the principles of that religion which taught us to promote and diffuse happiness among our fellow creatures . He , therefore , warmly supported the present motion , hoping it would be the forerunner of the general abolition of that practice . made a few observations in favour of the measure . considered the arguments , on the other side , wholly misapplied to the question before the house , which was a measure , since he was able to think upon the subject , he always looked upon as inhuman , disgraceful , and degrading to this country ; and for these reasons heartily concurred in the motion of his noble friend . declared his sentiments in favour of the general principle of the measure , but opposed the present question on the ground , that he could not reconcile it to himself to have it put upon the journals of that house , that any long established 809 custom of this