be attached to and act with regular regiments . The hon . gent . had said , that the : volunteer spirit of the country had been damped . He would take them at their words ; and if their own assertions were true in this point , they offered the strongest argument for adopting this bill , which so far from depressing , would support the volunteer system , and , in all events , secure the country against the mischiefs which must result from the volunteers choosing , if they should ever do so , to withdraw their services , and desert their standards . His rt . hon . friend felt , they had a right , by the term of their service to do so , and it was his duty to be prepared against it , by a measure which would secure to the country 200,000 trained men , in case of emergency . complained that the measure was brought forward without any estimate of its probable expence , or any ground whatever upon which even to guess what it would cost or how many men would be induced to train under it . There did not appear even a chance , that one-fourth of the number of 200,000 men would be secured by it , as .every man who could pay the fine would , no doubt , exempt himself from the service . He disliked the bill for its compulsory principle , and was convinced that the yeomanry of this country would at any time of public danger , he more ready to act under the direction of their landlord , and the gentlemen of the country , than under any compulsive system like this , the effect of which would be to render them sulky and discontented . The hon . gent . took occasion highly to commend the spirit and liberality of the duke of Northumberland , in arming and training , at his own expence , the tenantry on his estate , who , he was convinced , would be found to act in the day of danger under an illustrious branch of the house of Percy , as a 'Theban band ; ' and he verily believed , like their brave ancestors the 1500 valiant bowmen at Chevy- 909 chase , should they come to encounter any enemy in their native land , that Children yet unborn would rue The fighting of that day . was convinced of the necessity of the and only wished it had gone much farther . It was necessary to use every exertion winch the physical force of the country afforded for security at home , in order to enable us to act with effect abroad . Our chief danger from invasion lay in the vast extent of our coasts ; and he would venture to assert , that it our armies were double or treble their present numbers they would not he sufficient to ensure our security without such a measure as this . Let it be recollected that though our fleets at present commanded the seas , yet it might happen not always to be the case ; and even with all the force and vigilance by which we were guarded , yet one night might waft to our shores a formidable enemy . To encounter such an enemy on the first alarm , he could wish to see the population of every town , village , and district in the realm ready trained and fit to march at a moment 's warning . He could wish to see them properly classed for the purpose , and he considered such a plan perfectly practicable , from what he herd seen of the populace in Ireland at the time of the rebellion , and how formidable a force they composed ; and only with pikes . The same might be done with the populace here , or a great portion of them . When he recollected the important services performed by the volunteers of Ireland in that rebellion , and that they had by their loyalty and valour , saved the country to