should it be thought by noble lord not strictly parliamentary , a single mono-syllable , a qualifying if , would remove every reasonable objection . proceed d. He was afraid , he said , that in stating such 276 wild speculations it would not be believed that they had actually any existence . He deprecated the consequences of enlisting men for limited time and discharging them in time of war . Under such a practice , after the end of the first term of service , 15,000 men at the least would be discharged annually ; this , added to the average annual number of 15,000 men , to supply casualties and deficiencies , would make 30,000 men ; a number which it would be impossible to supply by all our means of recruiting . He contended that the act was a great measure , and that time ought to be given to allow of its full operation . He denied that any improper means bad been used to carry the act into effect ; if any means had been used not exactly within the letter of the act , those who used them acted loyally illegal , and with the view of assisting his majesty 's service . He called upon a noble lord opposite , who had formerly opposed the repeal of this act , on the ground that it ought to have a fair trial , now also to oppose it on the same ground , as the act had not yet been sufficiently tried it had now begun to be efficient , and this was the period chosen to propose the repeal of it , without proposing any substitute . said , that , for reasons which some of their lordships would think sufficient , he was disposed to have been silent on the present question , but the noble lord who had just sat down had left him no alternative ; he had adverted to him in a way that it was impossible not to notice , and he hoped he should reply in a manner consistent with the respect due to their lordships . He was desirous not only to reply to what had devolved within the purview of the subject , but to what more immediately and personally affected himself . The noble lord asserted that the country , at the commencement of the war , was in an unprovided state , and he rather more than insinuated , that the culpability for its weakness was attributable to him ( lord Sidmouth ) . It was true that , at the beginning of hostilities , the militia had been disbanded ; but their lordships would recollect , that this was not in consequence of any act of his majesty 's ministers , but by the operation of the law . He said , by the operation of law , not because there was any positive regulation on the subject , but the men were released from their regiments , because the statute was so loosely worded , that , construed in the popular sense , it 277 was so understood . In such a case , the government did what he hoped every future administration would do : instead of availing themselves of the strict letter of the law , they admitted the more liberal construction to prevail . It was also true , there was , some reduction of the army on the cessation of the war ; but on this subject there was but one opinion , so that it was with some surprise he heard an objection at this time urged to that diminution of the force , and especially from his noble friend . But to what extent was it carried ? No part of the infantry was withdrawn , excepting from the guards , to produce a nearer approach in the height of that regiment . A full and complete answer to every charge of want of precaution in the administration referred to was this : that at the time of the renewal of the war , there was double the number of men on the establishment than