the necessity of acting before they put it into execution ; that they must , therefore , before they give any directions or instructions that any thing should be done in this matter , make all the necessary enquiries , and that ministers will not act blindly under the discretion when they possess it . The hon . gent . from his confidence in the present administration , may he disposed to give these powers , in full trust that they will use them with this discretion . But , sir , before this house gives the power to the privy council , that is to the present ministers which this bill is calculated to give them , I could have wished that those ministers had shewn some disposition not to make an unnecessary and inconsiderate use of it , that such directions as they might give would only be from time to time , as the exigency of the case may require ; and that they would so guardedly conduct themselves as to be able to correct their errors , if they should find out that their 701 conduct was erroneous ; at least it might be required , that they should have done nothing from which the contrary disposition might be inferred ; that they would have taken no step without making some enquiry into the prudence of it ; that above all they should have made no order on the subject matter of a bill which they intended to bring into parliament , before the sense of parliament had been taken on it ; and that they would not have made any order whatever upon this subject at any time , under any pretence , for an unlimited period ; that is what might have been expected . The house shall now see , sir , what has been the fact . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) whose situation as secretary of state of the colonies , makes it proper , at least , if not necessary , for him to be present at this discussion , although he does not seem to have any disposition to attend to it , is now , I am sorry to observe , about to withdraw from the house , at the moment when I am going to make an observation on his conduct as a minister , when I am going to advert to an act which he has done of a most extraordinary nature . After all that has been said in defence of this bill , on account of its giving the privy council power to act only in cases of emergency , and that they can not do any thing under it , except in cases of proved necessity , and that much of its merit depends on its not giving the privy council power to act , except in such cases of emergency or extreme necessity , what will the house say when I tell them that I now hold in my hand an order issued by that right hon . secretary three months before the time in which I have the honour of addressing this house upon the subject ; that that order authorizes the governors of the West India islands to do that which the hon . gent . seems to think would be improper for the privy council to do after this bill is passed : —not to suspend , during an emergency of proved necessity , for a limited time , the law which prohibits importation by foreigners into the colonies ; but generally , indefinitely , during the continuance of the war , to suspend the navigation laws as far as they respect this subject : and this three months before he deigns to come to parliament to ask for power to do so ? This , sir , may be a proper act , no man can doubt that : but it was done in a very improper manner , during the sitting of parliament , without asking its authority , without waiting for its sanction ; and , sir , it is no