home . These are the grounds upon , which I ask the noble lord to consent , and wish the house to agree to go into an enquiry before a committee ; no possible delay can be occasioned thereby ; I will pledge myself that it shall be closed before the papers 695 now copying for our information can be on the table ; if it is not , I will agree to the bill proceeding without waiting for the result of that enquiry ; I will attend the , committee myself from day to day for as many hours as shall be necessary , and I am sure there are other gentleman who will do the same , till the report shall be made . Is it possible that under these circumstances enquiry can be refused ? You have at your door imploring for it a great number of men very highly respectable in their several situations as merchants , ship-owners , ship-builders , persons in the various , branches of trade dependant on the building and equipping ships ; you know that not an hour 's delay can be occasioned by your hearing them , and will you , or can you refuse to do so ? I will not yet believe that you will do so unprecedented a thing , because I am certain no reason can be assigned in support of it . In every commercial and political point of view the subject is a most important one , and one respecting which ( above all others ) the fullest investigation should take place before a material alteration is made in it ; in the present instance there has been none either before the council or in this house . Let me therefore repeat my earnest entreaties , on the part of the public and of the petitioners , that this matter may be carefully examined before a committee above-stairs . denied , that by any perversion of reasoning it could be established , that his majesty 's ministers had insinuated to such a respectable body of men as the ship owners connected with the present subject , that they were blockheads , and that they did not understand their own interests . Nor would the charge , that they were precluded from a fair and candid hearing appear better founded , when it was considered that leave was given to the persons concerned to have their cause pleaded by counsel , at the bar of the house , and that now they declined availing themselves of this permission , and thought such a proceeding unnecessary . The right hon . gent . had stated , that it was desirable to allow every case to stand on the exigency of the moment . This would be the consequence of the proposed bill . Did it go peremptorily to order the ports to be opened ? No . The language of it was `` when from the necessity of the case it should appear to his majesty , with the advice of his privy council , that the opening of the ports was required . '' The ship-owners wished for security . Security would be granted 696 to them by this bill . What security had they when , the opening of the ports was at the discretion of the governors of the West India islands ? They could be no judges of the state of our markets , nor of the time of the sailing of our convoys ; neither could they judge if the relief to be afforded from this country could be sufficient to meet the wants experienced there . What security , however , had they not by the present bill ? Had they not the pledge of that duty which his majesty 's ministers owed to the country , that while they endeavoured to foresee the wants of the colonies , and devised the best means of supplying what might be necessary , they , would do so with every regard to the interests of the ship owners of this country ? Would not they themselves have an opportunity of going to