not appear that commissioners had called for it . There was a clause in the act , that the . commissioners need not , unless they saw reason for it , inquire into any former abuses which did not still subsist , and thus the abuses escaped under this masking , clause . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had talked to him of nostrums ; all the nostrums he wanted , was to probe peculation to the quick , and to apply to it such a remedy as should cure it for the future . All he wished for was inquiry ; but he found by the papers already presented , that the repetition of dittos , in . many places were substituted for descriptions , as if there was a scarcity of pens , ink , and paper , in the office . said , he had hitherto been extremely unwilling to resist any of the motions made by the hon . gent . for the papers he required on this subject , or to withhold any information which the hon , gent . or the house think necessary ; but really the document for which he now moved was of a nature so very complicated and impracticable , on a range of 13 years , as well as utterly useless towards the professed and leading object of the hon . gent . that he was inclined to oppose this motion , seeing it to be of no practical use . If the hon . gent . had any objection to the mode of inquiry by commissioners , already adopted by the house , and before whom the subject of Barracks was laid , as well as all other branches of the military expenditure , he ought to have come down to the house , and moved for a repeal of the bill under which those commissioners were appointed , in order to substitute any other plan of inquiry he should think more eligible . For his own part , he should in future e more averse to the granting of such general and expensive motions . said , that he had had the honour of seconding the motion of his hon . 1260 friend ( Mr. Robson ) relative to the 19l . 10s : bill unpaid by government . That motion , which was then refused by ministers , had done great good : it had given rise to the commission of naval enquiry , and this motion which he now had the honour of seconding , and which too was by ministers , he would venture to say , would also be attended with great benefit to the public.—The question was then put and the motion agreed to . The royal assent was given by commission to the Consolidated Fund bill , the Lottery bill , the Royal Family Annuities bill , earl Nelson 's Annuity bill , lord Rodney 's Annuity bill , the Auditor 's bill , the Warehousing bill , the Irish Postage bill , the Stage Coach bill , the Woods and Forests Regulation bill , the Windsor Forest bill , the London Additional Force Repeal bill , the Militia Officers Pay bill , the Public Harbours bill , the Irish Hops bill , the Bankrupt Laws bill , and some other public and private bills . The commissioners were the lord Chancellor , earl Spencer , and lord Walsingham.—The Customs Regulation bill , the Oak Bark bill , the Scotch Forfeited Estates bill , were read a third time , and passed.—In the appeal 'Henderson v.Ramsey , ' judgment was given , on the motion of the lord Chancellor , affirming the decree of the court of session . According to summons , delivered by the deputy gentleman usher , of the black rod , the house proceeded to the house of Peers , and , on its return , the Speaker stated that the royal assent had been given by commission to several public and private bills.—On the motion of Mr. Hobhouse , a new writ was ordered for the borough of Bodmin in Cornwall