at the different periods when their service expired , one half would re-enlist . Of 120,000 men at the average casualty of one in twelve , 10,000 men a year were necessary ; which would be 200,000l . calculating that one half re-enlisted , there would only be 16,000 wanted a year , and that not till the expiration of 15 years , and the additional part of the expence could not occur in full extent till after 30 , so that the whole benefit was obtained before the expence of recruiting commenced . Thus , instead of two or three millions , the expence of recruiting would not be above 200,000l . at first , or afterwards 300,000l . at 20l . a man . As to the expence of future provision , it was grossly exaggerated , and if there was any addition of expence , it was a fair remuneration to the veteran , which , in consideration of the expence of living , & c. would , independently of this measure , have been fairly due . In a constitutional view too , the measure was highly advantageous as giving the soldier new motives of attachment to the civil liberties of the country , to which he would always look with a consciousness that they were his . The peculiar advantage of this measure , too , was , that it was clear , short , and intelligible . The people of this country could not mistake it . It would teach them , by a sort of knowledge , that a soldier was not placed for life in a situation different from the rest of the community , but that after having served his country , he was at liberty to re-enter the civil state if he pleased . The measure required no lawyer to explain it ; it demanded no recruiting officer to catechise parish officers . It called upon no secretary of state to read voluminous lectures on acts of parliament ; but would impress itself on the feelings of the people at large , and while it increased the numbers of the army , would preserve and increase its constitutional spirit . His lordship concluded by expressing his strongest approbation of the measure as simple , constitutional and efficient.—The Committee then divided on the clause : For it 91 : Against it 34 . Majority 57.—The house was then resumed , the report received and agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday . brought up a bill for incorporating the Globe In- 661 surance Company . After a few words from Mr. Prinsep , sir W. Curtis , and Mr. Shaw Lefevre , the debate on the first reading was postponed to Tuesday next.—Lord H. Petty , from the bar of the house , declared that he had to report that the lords had agreed to a conference with the Commons , on the subject of the abolition of the Slave , Trade , and that they had appointed the same to take place immediately in the Painted Chamber . A Committee was instantly selected , who proceeded to the conference . On their return ld . H. Petty reported to the house that the committee had communicated to the Lords the resolution of the House of Commons on Tuesday last , and that they had left a copy of the same with their Lordships.—Mr . Fuller brought up a bill for the erection of a jetty or jetties in the port of Brighthelmstone ; which was read a firs time.—On the motion of Mr. Wickham , an humble address was ordered to be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased to cause a copy of the articles of the treaty between his majesty and the elector of Bavaria , in the year 1800 , by which it was stipulated that commissaries should reside on the part of Great Britain , with the subsidiary corps ; also , a variety of papers tending to spew the instructions given to the said commissaries , and the opinion of the commissioners of