, he was convinced that no measure which the rt . hon . gent . could bring forward , would produce an equal number of men with the act which it was proposed to repeal . Indeed , if it were his wish to involve his Majesty 's Ministers in difficulty and disgrace , he could not pursue a more effectual course than to suffer the bill to pass , to withdraw all opposition from the proposed system , and to permit the measures meant to be brought forward to pass without any comment or amelioration . But he was so thoroughly convinced of the effect that the bill under discussion would have on the military strength and ultimate security of the country , that he should oppose it in every stage . He contended that the bill proposed to be repealed Was advantageous , and not objectionable , and capable of improvement as to the abuses that were so much insisted upon , as well as rendered highly productive to the army . On all these grounds , therefore , he should vote against the Speaker 's leaving the chair . objected to the plan proposed by the rt . hon . secretary , as calculated to change the whole military system of the country . He would not consent to the repeal of the Additional Force bill , because he looked upon it as productive , and had reason to know it had proved efficient . He could not consent to give up such a mea- 12 sure for a system , no part of which he could approve of . The measure had succeeded completely in Ireland . In the 18 months since it had passed , there had been raised in .Ireland 4552 men under its operation . These men had been raised in the manner directed by the act on the bounty allowed by law . No more money was paid than the act directed , on raising the men . He had been informed , even by a learned judge , who went the North-East circuit , that he had been applied to at an assizes , to suspend the levy of the penalties incurred for some deficiencies under the act , to the last day of the Assizes . The judge did so and the men were all produced . On these grounds , he should vote against the repeal . thought it sufficient , in answer to what had been said by the hon . gent . below him , to observe , that he had spoken of Ireland , whereas the present bill went only to the repeal of the act in England . With regard to the question now before the house , with whatever surprise and regret he heard this oppressive measure of the Additional Force act defended , his concern was not unmixed with satisfaction , that now the noble lord had consented to try the matter on its own merits . When this measure was at first proposed , it was brought forward in opposition to the plans of the former administration , and it was of the effects which it had produced that we were now called upon to judge . In trying the merits of the act , which he acknowledged the noble lord , as fir as he went , stated pretty fairly , he would set aside every thing that was objectionable in the constitution of the act itself , and consider it with a view to the purpose which it was designed to answer , the success of which he would admit , for the present , would entitle it to the adoption of the house . The repeal of the act was founded on its complete failure in all its objects . The noble lord would observe that its first object was to procure a large and fixed supply for the regular army , a supply proportioned to the dificiencies in the army of reserve and the militia . Now , he would beg the indulgence of the house while he stated what the act ought to have obtained , what