military measures brought forward by the noble viscount who spoke last . The measures of the ministry who succeeded the noble viscount , at the head of whom was that great man whose loss was now so justly deplored , he was also convinced , were the best which could be resorted to , in the situation in which the country was placed . These measures had also been approved of by the noble viscount ; and he ( lord Eldon ) was only afraid , the noble viscount was not entirely aware of the nature of the present measures , introduced by those with whom he now acted , who had so loudly decried the measures of the noble viscount , and of his successor , as being totally weak and inefficient . The opinions of the present government , as to the volunteer force of the country , it was not his wish to judge of from any representations which had taken place out of the house . He must therefore collect it from what he should hear their lordships say in their places that night . He must , however , declare , that , in his opinion , to them this country was not indebted , alone , for safety from a foreign foe ; but that , from their being collected together at the period when they were first embodied , was owing the existence , at this moment , of the constitution . The present bill , or any other which could have any tendency to degrade them , or to render their services less beneficial , he could never approve of . He alluded to the promises of ministers , to bring forward a complete military system ; not a piece here and a piece there ; but contended that , in this , they had completely broken their word ; and that , after an interval of some months , first one part of their system , and now , at the distance of another month , another part of their system , had been introduced . after the able statements , in support of the measure , made by his noble friends near him , should not have thought it necessary to say a word on the subject , had it not been for the observations of the learned lord who spoke last . For the right hon . gent. , now no more , to whom the noble and learned lord had alluded , no person could feel more strongly than he did . He had been his dearest friend ; and when he had differed from him , it was with sincere regret ; but , at the same time , he could not sacrifice to him his judgment , and every idea of propriety . With respect to the opinions of his majesty 's ministers as to the volunteers , every individual member of administration in this 1091 house knew , that there was but one opinion among them . This opinion , he desired , might be collected , not from their words , but from their conduct . Had they not been among the first , not merely to countenance and encourage , but , themselves , to take a part in that service ; and could it be supposed , that they wished to do any thing which should go to degrade and insult themselves and their comrades and companions in arms ? For the government collectively too , he could declare that , so far from degrading , it was their wish to honour and protect the volunteers ; to protect them were particularly against that foul insinuation which had been thrown out against them , that they had so little patriotism ; as to be deterred , by misrepresentations and misconceptions , from performing their duty to their country . If , however , by saving the country , the noble and learned lord meant , that there was any dread that , but for their existence , our country was , at present , in danger , from its internal enemies ,