may he adopted in any of the provisions of the bill in the committee , I must continue to object to it . The noble lord may in the committee remove the objections which others have to it , my objections are radical ! y against its principle , such as can not be cured in a committee . But the object of my right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Rose ) , I can assent to most readily , because his object is enquiry to give information to the house , without which the house can not with propriety proceed to act , because without it the house can not be said to act with its eves open ; if therefore gentlemen on the other side will yield to his motion , and let the consideration of this bill be postponed for another week , and in the mean time go into an enquiry above stairs , it will not only be doing the house justice , and acting seemly and decently with regard to this great national subject , hut it will also be proceeding with no more than due respect and attention to those who conceive their interests so much concerned as to apprehend 712 their ruin on its passing into a law . But however well or ill founded those apprehensions may be , it must be admitted to be wise at all events in this house to proceed only on information on which it may rely , and to refuse to proceed without it , and not to confess by its conduct that it is compelled blindly and upon confidence to adopt this measure in ignorance , and as it w ere in contempt of those dangers to our navigation interests , and our maratime preponderance , which those most interested and best informed , anticipated from its adoption . argued , that there were no manufactures carried from America to the colonies , but only food for the slaves , and a few other articles which could not be supplied by Great Britain . The law had been violated during a period of 13 years , and at the discretion of the governors of the colonies . It was said , that lately , government had recovered from its trance , and that some alteration was to have been proposed . But to go on in this course of violating the law was admitted to be generally speaking , a monstrous proceeding . It was even contrary to the oath of the governors , who , in exercising this discretion , were committing something like perjury , and he was surprised to hear his learned friend contend that this was a better system than the one now proposed . They wanted to postpone the further proceeding on this bill for 7 days , and why ? For the sake of inquiry . An inquiry into what ? No inquiry had been thought of for 13 years , when all was at the discretion of the governors , who might open the ports a month before our ships had arrived at the colonies , and by that means render the out-fits almost useless : And yet the hon . baronet under the gallery ( sir C. Price ) , the representative of the Shipping Interest , preferred that to this system ; which did what ? Permit the American trade ? No ; but merely enable the privy council to prevent it , when it was necessary . The necessity had been shewn by the practice of 13 years , and the right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Rose ) , with his great experience , his great knowledge , his great purity , and his great attachment to public principles , had permitted it to go on for 13 years . But now he began to find out that all this was very dangerous . But where had the danger been for 13 years ? As to the ship owners they might have been heard by their counsel ; and if they could , as they said ,