training of the people for the militia ( with respect to which he only meant to prolong the suspension of ballot already existing ) and the volunteers , would naturally follow the consideration of the project he referred to . It was his intention to bring forward the first and most material part of the system he had described before the holidays , in order that there should be a full opportunity of examining it during the recess , and at an early day after he would propose to bring forward the discussion . contended , that he had not misrepresented the right hon . gent. , whose subsequent explanations had , however , materially softened the sentiments he had originally expressed . He insisted that the right hon . gent . had declared himself an enemy to the ballot , insomuch that when he found himself under the necessity of resorting to it , to enforce his training system , to avoid the odious word , he had preferred to use the word `` lot , '' leaving out the syllable `` bal . '' When it was recollected that the right hon . gent . had com- 319 pared the volunteers to painted cherries Which none but simple birds would take for real fruit , and that he had compared those who had encouraged the volunteers to children planting sticks and then supposing they had planted trees , it would not be deemed uncharitable in them to conclude that he was not friendly to the volunteers . The right hon . gent . had said he had used the Word `` relax '' for `` remit , '' with respect to the discipline of the volunteers , but it mattered hot which he used , as either would be ruinous to the system . It would be an injury to the right hon . gent to suppose that he had been misrepresented with respect to the volunteers ; because , if his object were to destroy their institution , his measures were rational ; whereas , if he Was inclined to encourage and support them , his measures were irrational , they being calculated to produce their destruction . rose just to say a few words on what had fallen from the learned gent . who had just sat down . It was not necessary to review what had taken place in a former debate respecting the misrepresentations of the sentiments of his right hon . friend . There was no great grammatical difference , he admitted , between `` relax '' and `` remit , '' but they might be used so as to have a far different import . It was rather extraordinary that the use of the word `` relax '' by his right hon . friend , should still be adverted to , especially as on the very day when he had so expressed himself , he had explained what he had intended to say . It reminded him of an old saying , `` that there was sometimes no better way of uttering a falsehood than in the words of truth . '' In the long parliamentary experience he had had , he had never known any speech so misrepresented , and so industriously circulated , as that of his right hon . friend . The misrepresentation had been circulated over the whole country . He had had correspondence on the subject from various quarters . Amongst others be had a letter from a respectable gentleman , which would throw some light on the question . The letter adverted to Mr. secretary Windham 's plan , and a supposed prevalent opinion that the volunteers were of no use whatever ; which the writer denied , asserting , that only three things were wanting to make them a valuable , serviceable , and efficient force , —to take away permanent duty , the June allowances , and the inspecting field-officers . 320 Do all this , it was added , and you will improve the volunteers . Now , it happened that these were precisely the measures proposed by his right hon . friend