, he conceived , ought to come under the consideration of their lordships , previous to the discussion on the second reading of the bill . He accordingly moved for , an account of the value of the British Manufactures exported to the . islands of Dominica and Tortola , at different periods ; the quantity of sugar , rum , coffee , and indigo , imported from those islands into , Great Britain ; the value of the sugar , rum , & c. imported from foreign settlements into 413 Tortola ; copies of the orders in council allowing foreign sugar , & c. to be imported into Tortola and Dominica.—The Lord Chancellor read a letter from sir T. Duckworth , in which he expressed his grateful acknowledgments for the honour done him by their lordships ' vote of thanks.—Lord Auckland moved that the bar be cleared , and strangers were immediately ordered to withdraw . Their lordships then proceeded to the further consideration of the evidence adduced on lord Melville 's trial . They continued in close deliberation until eleven o'clock ; when the further consideration of the evidence was deferred till Monday . The Temple Bar and Snowhill Lottery bill , on the motion of alderman Combe , was passed , and ordered to the lords.—An account was presented , on the motion of sir J. Newport , of the additional duties on taxes , stamps ; and wares and merchandise in Ireland , from the year 1801 down to the present year.—Mr . Vansittart moved , for an account of exchequer bill issued for the year 1805 , outstanding ; which was presented accordingly.—Sir J. Newport said , he should , on Wednesday , submit , a preposition to the house , to establish a free and unrestrained intercourse of all sorts of grain between Great Britain and Ireland.—Alderman Combe obtained leave to bring in a bill to repeal the Additional Force bill , as far as related to the city of London.—The house having resolved itself into a committee of ways and means for Ireland ; sir J. Newport moved , that there be a duty of 1s . a barrel laid on all malt in Ireland , to commence from the 2d of June next ; and also a duty of 4s . on every barrel of malt converted into spirits in Ireland ; which motion was agreed to.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee for granting salaries to the West-India commissioners , and other commissioners , auditors , clerks , & c. ; which was agreed to , and provision was ordered to be made accordingly in the auditors ' bill.—Mr . Bankes brought up the report of the committee appointed to examine the buildings erected at the British Museum ; which stated , that the buildings would be finished in the course of three or four months ; and that the estimate voted amounted to 2240l ; and that an extra sum was necessary to finish the buildings , amounting to 6OOl . Ordered to be laid on the table.—Mr . 414 Rose presented a petition from several West-India merchants , against the American Intercourse bill.—Sir C. Price presented a similar petition from the owners of several British ships . Both petitions were ordered to be laid on the table . said , he rose to move for the papers of which he had given notice two days ago.—That , having been prevented , by an afflicting distress in his family , from attending in his place during the last week , he had not had an opportunity of hearing the observations which an hon . member had permitted himself to make , to the disadvantage of a near and dear relation of his , a member of that house , who was absent , through infirmity . From what he had since heard and read of those observations , he did not hesitate to say that they were unfounded ; and that the house would find , in the papers to which he had alluded , the most distinct and pointed contradiction to what the hon . gent