. It appeared to him a Matter of such obvious necessity , to provide against the possibility of field officers of the line being commanded by volunteer officers , that , he was confident , no such officer would feel any objection to the measure . admitted , that it would be right to adopt such a provision , if the rank of volunteers was now , for the first time , to be adjusted ; but , as they derived their rank from .an act of parliament , he should feel it his duty to oppose this measure , which was to deprive them of it . observed , that this bill was intended , merely , to correct an unadvised grant of rank , contained in the act of the 44th of the king . The hop . gent , admitted , that it would have been right , in the first instance , to withhold this rank . What ought not to be granted at all , ought , certainly , not to be continued , when unadvisedly granted . asked , whether it was intended to apply the same regulations to militia officers ; or , whether they were to stand , on the same footing with the regulars ? replied , that this bill was not to apply to officers of militia , in the same manner as to volunteer officers . There were different descriptions , and different degrees of discipline ; and the nearer any one approached to the perfection of the regulars , the less . necessary it was to resort to such precautions as that contained in the bill . then added , that there were many persons colonels , commanding regiments of volunteers , who had served 1021 in high rank in the regulars ; and who were as well , if not better , qualified to take the command of officers of the line , than any militia colonels . thought the effect of the measure would be , to produce a degradation of the commanding officers of volunteer corps , in the eyes of those they commanded He wished to know , whether the operation of ale bill was to have force only in the event of the volunteers being called out into actual service ? replied , whenever the volunteers may be drawn out to act with the army ; unless in that case , the provision of the bill would be a mockery . The bill was then read a 2d time . moved the order of the day for the 2d reading of the Auditors ' bill . had no expectation , that any thing he could say would induce the noble lord to abandon the bill ; but could not omit that opportunity of entering his protest against the measure ; which , according to the noble lord 's own statement , Was to allow a part of the . 450 millions , which were unaccounted for , to pass as paid , and without any vouchers . said that , on a former discussion upon this subject , he had endeavoured to convince the noble lord opposite , that be was entirely mistaken in the statement which he had made , as to there being 450 millions of the public money actually unaccounted for ; he wished to know , wile . there or not the noble lord , on more mature consideration , was now convinced ; that the Calculation , which he ( Mr. Rose ) had taken the liberty of making , was correct . intimated , that he was still disposed to adhere to his former opinion upon that subject . then rose again , and entered into a 'minute statement and calculation in order to shew the impossibility of there being such an immense sum as 450 millions actually unaccounted for . He was still more fully convinced than ever , of his former statement having been just ; and he now had occasion deeply to regret , that the noble lord seemed inclined to press for ward this measure in the present session o parliament . He