that part of the law , namely , that all honest debts contracted , all payments made , all conveyances and engagements entered into by the bankrupt , should be good and valid , notwithstanding any previous act of bankruptcy , provided the person or persons entering into such contracts or lending such money to the bankrupt , should have no notice of such act of bankruptcy , or knowledge of the bankrupt 's insolvency . He proposed too , that as to such debts , the bankrupts certificate should be a protection , as complete as With regard to any debts claimed under the commission . Another object of the bill he meant to bring forward would be , that no commission of bankruptcy should be superseded in consequence of previous acts of bankruptcy done by the bankrupt : and also , that debts contracted by the bankrupt , which were not payable until after the commission was taken out , should be provable under the commission , whether they were simple debts or those for which securities were given . The learned gent . concluded with observing that these were the only objects which the bill he proposed to bring forward had in view.—Leave was accordingly given to bring in the bill . brought in this bill , and moved that it be read a first time . thanked the right hon . baronet for his perseverance in this bill , but apprehended there was a point or two in which they might have some difference of opinion . As the law was already , grand juries had the power to raise 400l . On counties , and 200l . on cities ; the consequence of which was , that in those counties which had cities , there were houses of industry ; supported by the aggregate sum ; but , in those counties which had no cities , the contrary was the case ; and he , therefore , hoped , that power would be given to the grand juries of the latter , to make up that deficiency , as many of the counties so situated in Ireland , possessed more opulence than some.of those which had cities . From the time that this assessment of 400l . upon counties was first granted for the poor , it had never been increased , although for other purposes , rates had been made to the amount of 30 ; 000l . though thee people themselves 843 were so anxious to have provision made for the poor , that houses were built by private subscriptions , rising in a gradation of from one to 100 guineas . It should be remembered , that there were no poor laws in Ireland , and he hoped it would remain so , for the country was too poor to support the extravagance of them . considered this as a law professing to assist that of 1772 , for taking up idle persons , and obliging them to work . That act was only carried into execution in Dublin , where there was now the sum of 20,000l . paid annually for the support of vagabonds ; and Dublin being considered as the centre , all the other counties entirely neglected them . If the bill was , as he supposed , intended to compel grand juries to extend their powers in this respect , he should vote against it , and particularly , as he thought it by far too late in the session to press a measure which had before been so frequently agitated and rejected in the Irish parliament . said , there were houses of industry in other places besides Dublin , but that they were supported by private subscription . explained , that if the right hon . gent , attended to the bill , he would find it expressly provided , that one half of the houses should be appropriated to the correction of vagabonds and sturdy beggars , and the other half to the relief of the needy poor . The right hon . gent . was also wrong in supposing that this was the