Who resided six months in England , were to pay for the whole year ? said , they certainly were , because no property in Ireland was made chargeable . On the clause requiring persons to return the names of those resident in their houses , or employed by them who were liable to the tax , an objection was raised by objected to this task as impracticable . How was one to judge who was liable ? It was a question whether servants on board wages , who would thus receive above 50l . a year , were not liable , while servants who were not on board wages , but who received larger wages otherwise were not liable.—After a long conversation , promised , that the various bearings of the clause , and the hints thrown out by the gentlemen who spoke on it , should be considered . wished to know how the owners of the houses were to know who were liable ? He had been applied to that morning by three persons from the country , Who had acted as commissioners , and they begged him to obtain them all the information in his power on that head ; for they did not understand by the act who were liable . He wished to know , whether clerks in 113 counting-houses and shops , who had only 75l a year , and a family of four or five children each , Were to pay the tax ? If they were , the bill would , in his opinion , be oppressive ; for men in such Circumstances could not pay the tax . He did not want to oppose the tax , because he knew if we would have war , we must pay the taxes ; but he would take the sense of the house in some future stage of the bill , whether persons having four children , and not more than 160l . a year , or only 100l . a year , should pay any tax at all ? He was proceeding farther into a view of the general merits of the bill , when he was called to order . It was then agreed that the clause should be reconsidered . gave notice , that he meant to propose a clause imposing a penalty on assessors making vexatious sur-charges . after making some observations on that part of the bill which allowed a deduction of two per cent . to landlords who paid for the repair of the houses they let out , said , he conceived that this deduction would not cover their expenses , and that it was hard the landed interest should be subject to a higher tax than others . He therefore offered a clause to the consideration of the committee , the purport of which was , that eight per cent . should be deducted from the tax paid by the landlord for all dwelling-houses kept in repair by him , and five per cent . for all farmhouses . said , that the land tax which formerly existed , came much higher on the land-holder than this ; and as landed property was now only taxed in common with all kinds Of income he could never agree to this clause.—A conversation then took place between Mr. S. Stanhope , Mr. T. Jones , Mr. Bastard , and Mr. Wilberforce , who supported the clause , and Mr. Vansittart , and others , who opposed it . The question was at length called for , and the committee divided , when there appeared ; For the clause , 51 : against it , 129 : majority , 78 . On the clause relative to funded property , agreeably to his former intimation , proposed that the profits arising from the interest upon exchequer bills , and every other species of floating public debt , should be subjected to the tax , and liable to the same stoppages on the payment of those bills , or the interest thereon at the 114 bank , as upon any other species of government securities . The hon .