dispel the gloomy apprehensions which must have arisen from the result of the candid and perspicuous detail of the . noble lord ( Morpeth ) on a former night . He knew not how far he might venture to calculate upon the impression he should endeavour to make on the committee , by the totally different view he should take of the magnitude and the causes of the Company 's present distress . But he felt it his duty , first to apprise the committee of the nature and extent of the responsibility imposed upon the house and the country , by the act of the 33d of his present majesty , No man , after reading that act , could entertain any other idea than that of direct 1164 partnership . By the 111th clause of that act , disposing of the profits of the company , it appeared that `` during the continuance of the exclusive trade , the net proceeds of the Company 's sales of Goods at home , with the duties and allowances arising from the private trade , and all other profits of the said company , in Great Britain , shall be applied and disposed of ( after other preferences ) in the payment of a sum not exceeding 500,000l . per annum into the receipt of his majesty 's exchequer , to be applied as parliament shall direct . '' Here , after quoting these words of the act , the hon . member proceeded to observe , that , however equal this partnership might be in responsibility , the profits had been by no means equally divided ; for whilst the proprietors had been receiving 10 and a half per cent . on their nominal capital , the country had been disappointed of every half-yearly payment but two of its stipulated proportion ; and , at the same time , an enormous debt had been accumulating by the company , and an enormous expence constantly incurred by the state in the protection of their commerce and dominions.—It had been admitted by the hon . gent . who spoke last , that a responsibility for the India Company of 17 millions hung over England at a time the most critical in her own financial affairs ; a demand , infinitely beyond the company 's faculty of answering . The house and the country would , therefore , soon be called upon to make it good . A fresh minute investigation was , therefore , now become absolutely necessary , and this at a time when the government ought to be wholly occupied in its own more immediate defence and support . The noble lord , it was true , had declared it to be the duty and intention of the commissioners for India affairs to call the attention of parliament to this subject at an early peiod of the next session . In the mean time the hon . member conceived he was doing his duty to his country , however irksome and ungracious the task might prove , to dissect this anomalous mixture of imperial commerce and commercial dominion ; to separate the capital actually absorbed by this commerce , from the mass of debts , payments , and assets , comprehended in the Budget statement annually laid before the house . For , if it should appear , that any thing like his estimates of its amount was drawn from a capital wholly borrowed at interest , it would be utterly impossible to reject the conclusion he had so-frequently pressed upon the 1165 house , that the trade had been a losing one to an immense amount ; and this fact would do away all the arguments of the hon . ex-chairman , which he had again adduced from an irrelevant statement of the interchange of property between India and Europe . The hon . gent . had endeavoured to prove , by this statement , taking three different views of the subject , that the company 's trade was not indebted to the territories , or to the India debt . He should , however , now beg leave