. The more he considered the tax on Private Brewers , the more his attention was directed to it ; the more he had enquired into the merits of the question and weighed the grounds of objection to it , the more he was convinced of the justice of the principle , and of the policy of applying that principle , in such a manner as would render its operation impartial but efficient . With a view , however , to render the operation of the tax as equitable as the nature of circumstances would admit , he felt it to be his duty to give the subject a mature , deliberate , and even a slow consideration ; and on this ground , but not because he thought 524 of abandoning the tax , he proposed to defer bringing it forward till next year , when , if he continued in the situation which he at present had the honour to fill , he should think it his duty to submit this subject to the house in the Ways and Means for the ensuing year . He was not prepared then to say , whether it would be in the shape of an Assessed Tax , or of a Duty on Malt , with a drawback of the duty to the public brewer . In order to make up for the estimated produce of the tax thus to be deferred , he proposed to avail himself of the Assessed Taxes , upon which it was his intention to move an addition of 10 per cent . in the Committee of Ways and Means on Monday next . He thought it right also to state , in that instance , that the measure proposed for the relief of persons having low incomes and large families , was to be consolidated with the bill for this increase of the assessed taxes , if the house should agree to his motion . The noble lord then moved , that the house do resolve itself into the said Committee on Monday . On the question being put , expressed his astonishment and surprise at what had just fallen from the noble lord , 'that the more he considered the tax , the more he was convinced of its justice and expediency . ' For himself , the more he considered it , the more he was convinced of its severity and oppression . He deeply lamented the necessity of opposing any of the measures brought forward by his majesty 's present ministers , who had his entire confidence , and who , in his opinion , if the country was to be saved , were the only men that could effect that salvation . He had been thirty years a member of parliament , and had uniformly voted on the other side of the house , and conscientiously . It would be with regret , therefore , that he should oppose men whom he knew and loved ; but he should be obliged by a sense of his duty to oppose this tax , as it appeared to him to be a boon to a certain class of men ( the public brewers ) , but whether they deserved that boon or not by the quality of the article they supplied to the public , it was not his wish to discuss . who had from the first considered the tax as objectionable , was glad to hear , that the measure of introducing the excise into private families had been finally abandoned . But he was extremely sorry to learn , that the noble lord intended to persist is the measure , and again to 525 bring it forward next year ; though he trusted that he would , in the mean time , see reason to alter his determination . was sorry to find , that what had been stated by him on first proposing the tax to the house , had been so grossly misrepresented , as well as that the subject of excise should again be adverted to , after he had distinctly stated to the house his intention