itself was properly a tax on every species of property ; and were the property of foreigners in the funds to be now taxed , it might justly be considered , in that case , as a tax on the funds , since parliament could not pretend to tax the property of foreigners . It had been represented as provoking , that foreigners should be exempted from the tax ; but would they not , by being deterred from purchasing in our funds , be enabled to give the hostile governments , under which they lived , more active assistance , by lending them their money , than we could derive benefit from extending the tax to them ? Such governments also , as far as he knew , might have a property tax , and thus the property of such foreigners might be doubly rated . In truth , the hostile foreigner , were he subject to this tax , might justly complain , that we took a part of his property in order to deprive him of the whole . As to what the hon . gent . had said on the subject of representation , no one who had said that the representation of the country was inadequate , except perhaps a few eccentric men , had denied that the people owed obedience to that house as their representatives . The very phrase `` inadequate representatation '' proved , that the friends of reform conceived , that the people were represented , that the virtual representation , indeed , was not complete , and that it ought to approach more to what was real . Every person with whom he had been connected , disclaimed the idea of universal suffrage ; but he did not know on what the constitution of the country depended , if the people were not considered as virtually represented in parliament . It 409 was because America was neither virtually nor really represented in parliament , and that the Americans had no complete , communion of interests with this country , that our right to tax America was denied ; and it was on precisely the same grounds , that he now objected to taxing the property of foreigners in our funds . Would it be consistent with the constitution of parliament to say , we give and grant the property of foreigners , in addition to that of those we represent ? And how could his majesty be represented as thanking his good subjects for their benevolence , as was done in giving , the royal assent to tax bills , while he would at the same time be thanking the subjects of France , or of foreign powers subject to her influence ? The very tenour of the royal acceptance would render the imposition of tax on the property of foreigners absurd . The commons could only give and grant what was their own , and not that which belonged to others , who had , perhaps , a perfect opposition of interests . With regard to the hon . gentleman 's peroration on the case of the poor , no one could doubt that they were entitled to every relief in the power of parliament to give ; but recourse ought not therefore to be had to a measure radically unjust . The case of foreigners residing in this country was totally different : they enjoyed the protection of government , and of the laws , and , therefore , were bound to contribute to the support of that government , and of those laws . On the whole , he thought that this proposed extension would be a complete departure from that system that had been followed since the Property Tax had been introduced ; and concluded with observing , that the hon . gentleman 's arguments had not produced the slightest conviction on his mind . then begged to state to the house , whether the motion , in the present stage of the bill , could at all be entertained by the house . It went to take away the exemption granted to foreigners , and