ministers and shewing them that from the quantity of tonnage cleared out to the plantations there was no necessity , or that they ought not to open the ports ? The bill , therefore , gave a security to the ship owners , which it was utterly impossible they could have in any other way . had taken great pains to inform himself on this subject . He had consulted those who were most conversant with it , and on the whole he was convinced that if this bill passed into a law , it would be at tended with the most pernicious effects . Government might as well say to the ship-owners , `` Discharge your men , take no more apprentices , build no more vessels . '' We should lose not only the carrying trade , but a great nursery for our seamen , which would be transported to the other side of the Atlantic , an event that he earnestly deprecated . Feeling , therefore , the necessity of pausing on such an important and dangerous measure , he must second the amendment of his right hon . friend . thought it right that hon . members should be anxious for the commerce and manufactures of the country , but they ought also to attend to the necessities of the West Indies ; and certain he was , that the colonies could not be supplied from this country in the two great articles of necessity , provisions , and lumber , nor by any other than America ; he should therefore support the bill . urged the propriety of hearing the ship owners before a committee of the house , that they might have an opportunity of proving the truth of their statements . For his part , there were two 697 important parts of our constitution , the Habeas Corpus Act , and the Navigation Act , which in his opinion ought seldom to be interfered with , and never suspended but in cases of the most urgent necessity . said , in all cases the navigation laws gave way to necessity ; when we wanted provisions , we gave invitations to all nations to furnish them , and never confined them to do it in British ships ; on the contrary , we took them as we could get them . He insisted on it , the shipowners of this country could not supply the colonies , and it would be dangerous and cruel , as well as impolitic , to trust to them , at the risk of starving thousands , in case they should fail in the attempt . He was therefore a friend to the bill . had no objection to leaving the exercise of a discretion with ministers , convinced that they would not abuse it . There were , however , clauses in the bill which alarmed him . One in particular , where the importation into the West India islands was extended to all goods whatever , and to `` manufactures , '' a word which he thought ought to be omitted , as all the Islands could require under the bill was lumber . By another clause , a liberty of exportation was given , extending to sugars , & c. which he thought ought to be omitted . If these alterations were understood to be agreed to , he should not object to the bill , otherwise he must oppose its further progress . said , that generally speaking , he saw no objection to the alteration proposed by the hon . member . rose and spoke as follows : —If , sir , this bill goes into a committee , I have no doubt that the noble lord will acquiesce in the amendment proposed by the worthy magistrate who spoke last , and by which some of the objections to the bill will unquestionably be in a degree removed . But however those objections may be removed . But however those objections may be remove , I apprehend that after all that can be effected by giving way to the desire of the worthy magistrate