monstrous , than that which was supported by that rt.hon . gent 987 The fact was , that the ship-owners were not prejudiced but benefited by this act , as the power was transferred from a situation in which they had no interest , and where they could not be heard , to a place where they were not only heard with patience , but listened to with pleasure . If the bill had been precisely the reverse , the objection would not have been at all surprising ; but in the present circumstances the opposition from that quarter was most unreasonable and extraordinary . Then it was said the power should not be entrusted to the privy council . What was there peculiar in this case ? Could the privy council exercise no sound discretion upon it ? Was not nearly the same sort of power given to this body under the 34th of the king ; and was not precisely the same authoriy conceded in the 35th of this reign ? Whence then all this parade of innovation ? On what did the naval superiority of the country essentially depend ? On the prosperity of the West India Islands . This plan was most conducive to their advantage , and therefore , must contribute to support that maritime strength , Which could not be too highly estimated , and could not be too zealously maintained . Then it was objected that a secret would be discovered by America , that the existence of our colonies depended on her aid . It was no secret that the assistance of America was useful to our colonies after thirteen years experience afforded to that continent ; and if promoting this intercourse could receive from America any conciliatory construction , this was not an objection , but a motive for the bill . rose and spoke as follows : —One of the observations of the noble lord ( Petty ) who spoke last , is 'the-Most extraordinary I ever knew to be used in a debate , namely , that what has passed , on former occasions , has rendered unnecessary all argument in support of this bill , and , as he thinks , has rendered unavailing all arguments against it . Objections have indeed , he says , been urged , which might have had some force , but a satisfactory explanation has been given to them , and these the noble lord has left untouched . In his very , outset , the noble lord has left untouched one-half of the argument urged against him , by which he has left untouched one-half of his own bill . All the argument against one whole clause has entirely escaped the noble lord 's observation , and he 988 proceeded just as if the provisions of that clause where not in the bill at all . Sir , when I compare the very limited purpose which the bill professes on the face of its preamble , with the extensive powers which the bill creates , I am utterly at a loss to guess at the object of its framers . It would be an affront to their understanding to say they had no object , and yet to say that the granting such power to any government is proper , is what I am not prepared to do , and what I am sure the noble lord has not enabled me to do , and what , therefore , I can not consent to do . Sir , the bill professes , in its preamble , to be intended , and states itself to be calculated , to meet a necessity of the most limited kind ; and the noble lord has said that the only object of the bill , is to do that legally which has been for years found indispensably necessary to be done in violation of the law : such is stated both to the preamble of the bill , and by the noble lord 's explanation of it ; but what does the bill do ? By a force and conciseness beyond all example , it