conduct of earl St. Vincent . —Having thus proved that earl St. Vincent did not make those exertions in building , which were made by his predecessors , I naturally enquired into the cause of this neglect ; what arguments could be adduced in extenuation of his conduct ; whether or not , as great a necessity for building existed at the one period as the other ; whether earl St. Vincent was more fortunate in point of captures than his predecessors ; whether the political situation of the country , during his lordship 's administration , demanded less energy ; whether the preparations in foreign , and particularly the enemy 's ports , were carried on with less vigour than heretofore ; and whether they were building merely cockleshells , as stated by the gallant admiral ( Markham ) , one of his lordship 's col- 165 leagues , and which would be too contemptible to require a British navy to subdue ? —But I submit to the judgment of the house , whether in every one of those respects , the state and situation of the country were not such as to call forth and demand every possible exertion , even far beyond those of his predecessors . I find from the accounts commencing at p. 4 , of the last mentioned printed papers , that from the 1st Jan. 1793 , to 18th Feb. 1801 , 66 sail of the line were added to the navy , by building , capture , or purchase ; and that there were taken from the navy , by various casualties , no more than 21 ; leaving an addition of 45 sail of the line in the period of 8 years : and that there were in the same time 121 frigates added , and only 53 taken away ; leaving an addition of 68 frigates : whereas during the administration of earl St. Vincent , from Feb. 1801 , to 15th May 1804 , only 14 sail of the line were added , and 11 were taken from the navy ; leaving an addition of 3 sail of the line in a period of 3 years and 3 months . But as to frigates , 22 only were added , and there were 30 taken away ; an actual decrease of 8 frigates.—I appeal to the house , whether under the general circumstances of the country , earl St. Vincent had any grounds to suppose that exertions were unnecessary ; whether his neglect was not ? But earl St. Vincent 's criminality was great indeed : he can not plead ignorance in extenuation of his guilt : he knew that there was necessity for building : he declared that opinion in this emphatic language , in which I am sure the house will concur ; `` that there was an urgent necessity for building in every part of the kingdom . '' So fully was he convinced of that necessity , so much did it prey upon his mind , that he owned `` he could seldom converse with the comptroller of the navy on any subject without introducing this topic . '' And when he erroneously conceived that the comptroller had delayed , even for a few days , his orders for entering into contracts , he addressed him in terms of reproach ; repeated his orders to build ; and accompanied those orders with a sharp rebuke . I beg permission to read the correspondence on this subject . [ Here the hon.gent.read the said correspondence to the house ; having done which , he continued as follows : ] Will not the house be astonished after hearing these letters , and knowing the urgent necessity for build- 166 ing ships ; and convinced as the noble lord himself was of that necessity , to find , that although his lordship remained in office a year a half after this extraordinary correspondence , and that the war took place within 3 months , his lordship did not even condescend to give any reasons for rejecting the builders ' terms ; nor direct any measures to be taken