country was inhuman and unjust , until some certain mode was adopted for the abolition of such a custom . expressed much surprise at hearing what fell from the noble lord who last spoke ; his arguments were paradoxical , nor had he ever heard so whimsical a reason given in so whimsical a way . The question , whether this was just or unjust , could not be doubted , when it was recollected that whole villages were stripped of their women and children , to supply the rapacity of those brutes in the West Indies . professed himself a warm friend to the abolition of the slave trade . He lamented that the public feeling had been kept so long from being gratified on this subject , and trusted the present administration would meet with no obstacles in the way of carrying their measure for the abolition early in the next session of parliament . felt rather alarmed at the consequences the resolutions might produce , but could not help feeling disposed to support them . did not feel it necessary to trouble the house with any reply ; but took occasion to observe , that he should this night make another motion for an address to his majesty , praying he would be graciously pleased to consult with other powers towards the accomplishment of the same end , which would afford another opportunity to those who were anxious again to divide upon this favourite question.—The house then divided on the question of concurring in the resolutions , when there appeared , Contents 41 ; Non-contents 20.— Majory 21 . On returning below the bar , we found that Lord Grenville 's motion for an address was carried without a division . moved the order of the day for the house going into a committee on his majesty 's message of the preceding day . The house having accordingly gone into the said committee , the noble lord stated , that one of the principal objects of his majesty 's most gracious message was to recommend to that house , and to assist them in the task of providing for seamen wounded in the service , or when from age they should be unquali- 810 fied to make farther exertion for their country , a more adequate allowance than that which they at present had . Gentlemen were not altogether unacquainted , from a perusal of the papers on the table , with what he meant to propose ; and the same papers would also go far to establish the points which he should now have to state to the house . The establishment of Chatham chest was some time ago transferred to the chest of Greenwich . Greenwich Hospital itself was exclusively confined to the relief of those wounded in the service . It was his intention now , however , to propose that it be extended to all who were no longer able to serve , and that the allowance should be increased as to both . When he stated that the out-pensions were only 71. and that they had not been increased since the year 1663 , when the very great increase in the expence of living since that time was considered , and the very meritorious nature and immense magnitude to this country of the service performed , were taken into consideration , it would not be thought very extraordinary that some addition should now be proposed . The revenue of the hospital at present amounted to the sum of 126,811l . and the actual expenditure to 114,544l . leaving a surplus revenue of 12,267l . He proposed in the slightest cases of injury , and where time service had not been of long duration , to continue the pension as it now stood , at 7l . and to raise it as circumstances might warrant , to the highest sum , being 1s . a day , or 18l . 5s . per annum . This discretion of judging in what cases the highest pension should be given , he proposed to leave in those hands where he thought it might with the