, in room of John Serjeant , esq . who has accepted the office of the steward of the Chiltern Hundreds . A message from the Lords announced their lordships assent to the Crown Leases bill , the Customs Regulation bill , the Scotch Exchequer Chambers bill , the Scotch Forfeited Estates bill , the Scotch Canal bill , the Public Harbours Preservation bill , the Grenada Loan bill , and the Oak Bark bill . The House met about three o'clock.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland , presented the third report of the commissioners of Inquiry in Ireland ; which was ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . The house was adjourned during pleasure , to robe . About a quarter past three , the Lord Chancellor , earl Fitzwilliam , and earl Spencer , took their seats in their robes , as his majesty 's commissioners . Mr. Quarme , the deputy usher of the black rod , was sent to the House of Commons , to require their attendance . then , in his majesty 's name , delivered the following speech : `` My Lords and Gentlemen , `` His majesty has commanded us to acquaint you , that the state of the public business enables majesty to close this session of parliament . —We are , at the same time , directed to express to you the great satisfaction which his majesty has derived from your unremittmg zeal and diligence , from that attention to the most important interests of his empire , which has been so conspicuously manifested in all your proceedings.—The measures which have been adopted for the permanent improvement of the various branches of our military system , your attention to combine these arrangements with the great objects of public economy , and the regulations which you have established for the speedy and effectual audit of the public accounts , call for his majesty 's particular acknowledgments . `` Gentlemen of the House of Commons , `` We have it in command from his majesty to thank you for the provision which you have made for provision which you have made for the exigencies of the public service , particularly by raising within the year so very large a proportion of the necessary supplies ; a measure in itself highly advantageous , and which must create , both at home and abroad , the most favourable impression of our national resources , and of the spirit which animates the British people . You may be assured , that the utmost attention shall be paid to the fragal administration of those supplies 1262 which you have so liberally granted.—His majesty is particularly sensible of the fresh proof he has received of your affectionate attachment to him , in the provision which you have made for enabling the younger branches of his royal family to meet the necessary expences of their station. `` My Lords , and Gentlemen , `` His majesty , being always anxious for the restoration of peace on just and honourable terms , is engaged in discussions with a view to the accomplishment of this most desirable end . Their success must depend on a corresponding disposition on the part of the enemy , and in every event his majesty looks with the fullest confidence to the continuance of that union and public spirit among all ranks of his people , which can alone give energy to war and security to peace . '' His majesty 's commission for proroguing the parliament was then read at the table , the same noble lords sitting as commissioners . .After which , said : `` My Lords , and Gentlemen , `` By virtue of his majesty 's commision under the great seal , to us and other lords directed , and now read , we do , in his majesty 's name , and in obedience to his commands , prorogue this parliament to Thursday , the 28th day of August next , to be then here holden , and this parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 28th