between a period of war and peace . When they ventured to speak of the insolvency of the Company , and attempted to prove it by a comparison of their annual means , independent of loans , with their late expenditure , it would be well they would consider , whether the insolvency of the government at home , or of any government in the world might not , in time of war , be established by the same mode of reasoning . It would be as untrue with respect to an individual to bring forward a year of extraordinary outgoings as the measure of his expenditure , and to conclude him ruined , because he could not meet such an extent of charge , without having recourse to loans.—Another mode in which it is attempted to establish this theory of insolvency , is , to suppose the Company dissolved , and called upon like any common banker , at a moment 's warning , to pay , not only all just demands upon them , but also to repay themselves , their capital stock subscribed . It is then said , where are your means ? can you turn your wealth into money ? must not the Company acknowlege itself bankrupt ? —It is hardly necessary to observe on the absurdity of resembling a great body of this description , created for the double purpose of trade and government ( in which capacity it was to be hoped , for the sake of the constitutional liberties of the country , they would in all times , under proper regulations , continue to endure ) with an ordinary trader ; but if this very inappropriate comparison is to be made , would not a manufacturer , who had sunk much of his capital in machinery , not in itself of a description to be easily turned into money , though productive to him of considerable annual profit , be as open to a sentence of bankruptcy , upon these principles , as the 1222 Company ? It is hardly fair of gentlemen who wish to throw open the Company 's trade , or to carry forward any other speculative project with respect to India , to endeavour thus indirectly to attain their ends , by holding out to the publick exaggerated and gloomy representations of the affairs of a commercial body , whose credit , and consequently whose interests must , if these statements are believed , be thereby materially injured.—But , even upon the grounds Of their own reasoning , their conclusion may be disproved . They set out by very unfairly considering they entire Indian debt as a sole and absolute charge upon the Company 's funds , distinct from the territories . Now , assuming the day arrived when parliament should think fit to vest the government of India in other hands , can it be supposed that , upon an equitable settlement between the Public and the Company , the latter upon the expiration of their charter , which may be considered in the nature of a lease for 21 years under the state , would be ultimately saddled with these loans , so far as they have been contracted , not for any temporary or commercial interest of the Company , but for the permanent defence and security of those valuable possessions ? It is obvious that an adjustment must he made on this head , the extent and nature of which must depend on a variety of considerations.—It is enough at present to point out the fallacy , in any general balance of the Company 's affairs , of considering the Indian Debt as wholly chargeable upon them , as a trading company.—But , even on this supposition , the result is not so discouraging , when the Assets , Dead Stock , and absolute rights of the Company , are set oft against the Gross debts . India Debt , April 1804 22,586,207 Debt in Europe , March 1805 6,012,196 Total £.28,548,403 Capital Stock 7,780,000 Total Debts £.36,328,403 Assets in India , April 1804 14,452,343 Assets at Home , March 1305 . 20,442,659