and must not all justice perish for ever , if such were their proceedings ? Was it the intention of the house to address the king to remove judge Fox ? What was that but the commencement of a judicial proceeding ? It was impossible they could stir a step except the commons agreed With them . Suppose , when the address was sent down to them for their concurrence , the commons should say , we chuse to proceed by impeachment , in what a situation would their lordships be ? Why , that of having actually prejudged a man upon a collateral point . Were they , who had before condemned him , to try the impeachment ? Suppose that Mr. Hart , or any other of the petitioners , were dissatisfied with the decision of their lordships , and thought it proper to apply to the commons , was that house to try a man upon whose case they had pronounced an opinion already , whom they had dismissed from the charge ? These were some of the least anomalies into which they would be plunged by a continuance of the proceedings . Were their lordships afraid to trust the ordinary tribunals upon this occasion , to let the guilt or innocence of the honourable judge be decided by a jury upon a scire facias to repeal the patent by which he held his office ? The commons 770 have also received petitions upon the subject , but they could do so without any inconsistency , for it was not they who were to judge . There was also another objection , and in his mind a very great one , to proceeding in that house , and that was that no one could say when the trial was likely to terminate . He had listened with very great pleasure to the admirable speech of the noble marquis , with so much indeed , that if he had not discovered , by looking at his watch , that he had spoken full three hours , he should have conceived , from the excellence of his speech , that he had not occupied more than a quarter of an hour of their . lordships ' time . If this opening speech , was to consume so much time , what time would be sufficient for the counsel , the examination and cross-examination of evidence , and all the delays that necessarily , hang upon judicial proceedings ? Their lordships had been just delivered from the jaws of one impeachment , were they to run into the jaws of another ? If they were , in the name of God , let the proceedings commence where they ought , that is , in the commons ; and let not their lordships prejudge a case which they might probably be called upon , in their judicial capacity , to determine . did not rise for the purpose of going into the evidence , but meant to confine himself to that part of the question which had relation to the jurisdiction of their lordships . It was necessary to come to a precise knowledge of the principle upon which they were to proceed . One great error appeared to him to pervade the argument of the noble baron who made the motion , and it was , that he seemed to consider their present proceeding as an exercise of the judicial power , when , in fact , they were only exercising that inquisitorial authority with which they were vested by the constitution . No two powers could be more distinct ; they might be exercised together without any violation of the equitable principles of our code of judicature . If they were to be restricted from the exertion of the inquisitorial power , because it was possible that the commons might consider the offence which they were enquiring into as fit matter for impeachment , there would be an end at once to any practical employment of it . They could neither address for the removal of a secretary of state , a first lord of the admiralty , or