the pledge that had been given . On the other hand , it was to be admitted , that the purchases of Company 's paper , by the sinking fund , served to keep up the credit of that paper . It was true , also , that the new optional loans , being given on far better terms to the lenders , than the earlier loans , did contribute 1161 to give an increased value to one description , at least , of Company 's paper ; but it was because the thing was really better ; but there were several weighty objections to these loans : they frustrated the old remittance plan , for liquidating the Company 's debt ; they might be productive of very serious embarrassments to the Company 's finances at home ; and , above all , they were a dangerous instrument in the hands of any government , by enabling it to undertake schemes of conquest and ambition unsuitable to the intrinsic powers of our Indian government , and our true line of policy.—As to the merit that had been ascribed to lord Wellesley , for the reduction which had taken place in his time , in the rates of discount on the Company 's paper , it would be found , on investigation , to result from causes distinct from increased confidence in the government , of increased prosperity in the public affairs . The sinking fund , as already observed , otherwise a measure liable to objection , bad raised the value of the paper . The new paper issued , being of a better description than the old , was not only at a lower discount itself , but served to diminish the discount on the rest.—The property of the community in India was much increased ; for , as the government became poor , the subjects became rich ; and , therefore , more money was brought into the market to purchase paper , which enhanced its value . Great part of the nine millions sterling , paid for interest on the Debt , in the last 7 years , had , doubtless , gone for the purchase of new paper ; —and , as the old loans , on which the discount had been highest , drew , in the course of time , nearer to the turn of payment , they , of course , became more valuable ; , whilst new paper , bearing the same disadvantageous conditions , was not again issued ; all which will account for an improvement in the rates of discount , without ascribing it to the merit of government , or the confidence reposed in it ; though it may be also true , that the éclat of victories and conquests might have raised sanguine expectations of future prosperity , to those who looked no farther.—As to the general influence of the late wars in India , on the affairs of the Company he would not take this occasion of going into a digression , on a subject deserving of direct and serious discussion ; but be thought it right , just to observe , that those wars had enormously increased the expenses and the Debt of the Company , without adding any 1162 security necessary to us ; without even adding , permanently , much to our revenues ; and at the expense of our reputation , for justice and moderation , in the eyes of India.—Before concluding , he wished to say a few words on the treaties lately concluded by sir Geo . Barlow , which had been censured by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , as precipitate .. Mr. Grant said , they were conducted according to the general principles established by the legislature , and the orders of the Company ; according to the positive instructions lord Cornwallis had carried out , and the opinions and Commenced measures of that ever-to-be-lamented nobleman ; that they were also to be justified by financial propriety ; for , if , as an hon . general had said , there was no financial necessity