for the further consideration of the American Intercourse bill . The house accordingly resolved itself into a committee on the bill , when the amendments proposed on a former night by Mr. Prinsep were adopted , and the bill ordered to be reported to-morrow.—Lord H. Petty moved , that there he laid before the house a copy of the Report of the Comptroller of Army Accounts , with respect to the mode in which the accounts of Mr. Trotter were made up , together with a copy of the Minute of the Board of Treasury thereon ; also of two Minutes of the Board of Treasury on the Accounts of Mr. Pierce , Army Clothier for troops on the Continent.—Ordered . moved that the first article of charge against marquis Wellesley be printed . The printing of this article had formerly been discharged , in consequence of the evidence not being before the house . It was now , in a great measure , produced , and he ap- 781 prehended the objection on this head could not be supposed longer to exist . opposed the motion , and observed , that it was pretty extraordinary the hon . gent . should now move for printing this charge , which 3 months ago the house had by its vote , ordered to be printed , and afterwards reseinded that vote . The printing at that time , when there was a prospect that the charge might have been . taken into consideration in the course of this session , would have been perfectly fair and reasonable , compared with such a measure at this late period of the session , when there was no probability this subject could be taken into consideration , and when the charge , if printed , would not be for the consideration of the members , but for the purpose of going forth to the whole country , as one of the most heavy and criminal charges against his noble relation that ever had been brought against any man in a public situation ; when afterwards it would depend entirely upon the discretion of the hon . gent . whether he should move the house to take it into consideration next session or not . He objected to the motion also in point of order , as the hon . gent . had not given any previous notice of such a motion . did not conceive himself under any necessity of giving such previous notice by the rules and orders of the house , and persisted in his motion . He disclaimed any such motive as that imputed to him by the hon . relative of the noble lord , and said , that he moved for the printing now , because it would be impossible to understand the subject with a view to its consideration , unless members were enabled to compare the evidence since laid on the table with the several particulars of the charge , in order to see how the charge was supported . stated that the practice of the house required a notice every case where opposition to the motion was likely to be made . did not look upon the practice of giving notices as an established practice . It certainly was not uniformly enforced . He wished the point to be settled . said he had no difficulty in stating , that every annual and ordinary motion of course , also every new motion , where the person at the head of the department to which it applied was present , and did not object , might be made without no- 782 tice . In all others he conceived , though he was ready to be instructed otherwise by the house , notice of a motion was necessary . said , that when this practice began first to prevail , he foresaw the difficulties that would result from it , According to the old rules of parliament , any member was competent to make what motion he pleased , and it could not be withdrawn , if seconded , without the leave of the house . Notices ,