present bill , on the ground of its making a distinction between the militia and the army , that was utterly inconsistent with those acts of parliament on which the militia was established . It was founded on the absurd principle , that men of fortune should accept no remuneration for those services which they might perform to the public . But supposing , for a moment , that a gentleman of large fortune , in the county of Norfolk for instance , should be appointed one of the secretaries of state , and that his colleagues should propose to him , that he should perform the duty , without any salary , he had no doubt that the proposition would appear to him very absurd . The militia , he contended , were placed on the same footing with the army , and the officers , without distinction , were equally entitled to the same additional pay that might be thought proper to bestow on those of the regulars . Was it not dangerous to innovate on what had been determined by the wisdom of our ancestors ; and what , besides , had given general satisfaction ? It was not so much the idea of pay that was to be considered , as the distinction which was now proposed to be made , which , he was convinced , would sow the seeds of discord in the militia . contended , that this bill might have been brought in , weeks and months ago , when there was a full attendance of members , and particularly of those who were connected with the militia service . On this ground alone , he would oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair . The right hon . gent . had already struck a blow at the 1138 volunteers , as much , perhaps , by the manner in which he had introduced his measures , as by the objects which they had in view , and now he made a similar attack on the militia service , while , from the thinness of the house , he thought himself exempted from the necessity of defending the measure . He then took a view of the arguments against the bill , and observed , that the invidious distinction now proposed to be established , would not save more than 5000l . to the country . He complained of the right hon . gent . 's want of attention to the arguments which came from his side of the house ; but , however , as an individual , he might be inclined to turn a deaf ear to what was said against his measures ; yet , as one of the king 's ministers , it was his duty to listen to the arguments and sentiments of independent gentlemen , when they thought it necessary for the public service to deliver them in that house . contended , that the present measure was a breach of the faith of parliament , which was pledged when the militia were first raised , that they should be on the same footing , in all respects , with the army . Their services were kept , while they were deprived of those privileges to which they were entitled . The distinction now proposed was odious , and for a pitiful saving , the whole militia service was to be disgusted . totally differed from the hon . gent . He could not approve of that wandering manner , with which gentlemen on the other side seemed determined , whatever was the question , to inveigh against expressions said to have been used by his right hon . friend , respecting the volunteers . Those topics were now introduced into every debate . He would , however , leave it to the house , from what side the expressions now came , which had an obvious tendency to irritate the volunteers , and to disgust them ? Who were the men who now avoided all conciliating language , and who appeared to wish to diminish both the numbers and the spirit of the volunteers ?