new taxes were imposed in 1803 , estimated to produce 380,000l . per ann . other taxes in 1804 , estimated to produce 1,253,000l. , and further taxes in 1805 , estimated to produce 255,000l . That is , new taxes had been proposed since 1802 , estimated to produce an additional revenue of near 1,888,000l . instead of which the revenue had been increased only by 50,000l . The committee , he said , would easily perceive that this defalcation must be owing either to a deficiency in the resources of Ireland to meet these additional taxes , or to great mismanagement in the collection of them . He would attempt to shew that the resources of the country were fully adequate to bear them , and therefore that the evil wholly originated in the mismanagement of the collection . In 1783 , the official value of the imports and exports were 5,000,000l . in 1802 , 11,000,000l.—and the real value of them 18 millions , eight of which were the value of the imports.—On an average of seven years , to 5th Jan. 1803 , the increase in the imports of tea was one million lbs . ; of tobacco , 3 million pounds : of woollen cloth , 100,000 yards ; of sugar near 100,000 cwts . If he wished to avail himself of the argument of a favourable balance of trade he could in this instance do so ; but he thought this argument very inapplicable to Ireland because of the great amount of remittances that must take place from Ireland wholly distinct from the ordinary remittances of trade . He thought the increase of the imports the best proof of the increased wealth of Ireland , because they are the consequences of wealth , and can not take place without the previous existence and operation of it . But besides the proof of the increased wealth of Ireland which 47 was to be collected from the state of its trade , there were other strong indications of its prosperity . These were the advance of rents , the number of buildings erecting throughout the country , and the diminution in the export of the materials of manufactures , and of provisions . He thought the committee would agree with him , taking into one view the concurring circumstances of an advance in rents and a diminution in the export of food , that they are certain demonstrations of the improved power of the country to consume that food , which whilst the country was in a state of poverty , was sent abroad to find a market . If then it was true that the wealth of Ireland had increased , that its trade , the advance in rents , its buildings , and the diminution of the export of raw materials and provisions proved this fact , it must also be true that the rt . hon . gent . who proposed the additional taxes and estimated their produce at 1,800,000l . were authorized to do so , so far as the resources of the country were in question . But what , then , must be the conclusion ? That the failure of them to produce must be wholly owing to mismanagement in the collection of the revenue of Ireland . With such proof before the committee of this fact , with the evidence contained in the report of the Commissioners of Enquiry , and with that also of the rt . hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Foster ) of the great frauds and abuses that have taken place , he hoped , that the attention of government , and of all those boards entrusted with the management of the revenue would be immediately exerted to produce reform . He said that the continuance of the system must lead to the bankruptcy of Ireland , and to make the expences of Ireland a charge upon the English exchequer . That if they went on borrowing for 15 years to come , that is , to the period when Ireland by the Union will be liable to pay equal taxes with England