its unfrequency , as it would be a departure from the dignity of the house to vote their thanks or every trivial occasion , he should vote for the previous question . But if the happy hour of peace was come , when the services of those corps would cease to be necessary , no man would be more prompt than himself to propose , second , or support a vote of thanks to them . supported the original motion , and agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr , Perceval ) in objecting to the motion proposed by Mr. Sheridan , because it we merely retrospective , and had no view to future services ; it was not a preface but postscript , not an exhortation but an epitaph . He went over much of the ground upon which the previous question had beer previously opposed , and contended , the coming from the quarter it did , and supported by the same right hon . gent , whose 1118 sentiments , frequently expressed in that house , were known to be inimical to the volunteers , he must consider it as coming indirectly from him ; for though it was the voice of Jacob , still the stroke came front the hand of Esau , and it would be utterly impossible for the most hostile government , determined to express the most hostile opinion to the continuance of the volunteer system , to do so in more direct and unequivocal terms than by a previous question , on an occasion like this . It was impossible to construe it in any other way ; and he thanked his majesty 's ministers for thus candidly expressing their sentiments , and setting all doubt at rest , as to their intentions respecting the continuance of the volunteers . replied , and positively denied any such wish or intention as the discontinuance of the volunteers ; his wishes and intentions were the direct contrary way ; notwithstanding the artful attempts of his opponents to affix such designs on him . In answer to what had been said relative to drill-serjeants , he observed , that the very clause which reduced their pay , gave them the option of retiring if they chose . adverted to a tight hon . gent . 's ( Mr. Canning ) observation , that we ought to thank the volunteers now , because we had further need of their services , but that the reason of other military bodies not having received the thanks of parliament last war was because we had done with them . This was a sort of gratitude which he hoped he ( Mr. W. ) should never be induced to hold out to those who , in the most spirited and most patriotic manner , stood forward in defence of their country . The right hon . gent . had made some allusion to an epitaph , but the house would perceive that it was when a man was dead that we generally thought the fittest time to write epitaphs and praise him . He would be most willing to return thanks to the volunteers if there was an end of their services . said a few words in support of the original motion ; and upon a division , the numbers were : —For the previous question , 75 ; for the original , motion , 41 ; majority against the original motion , 34.—The original motion was then withdrawn . then observed , that suspicion and jealousy had , from whatever causes whether from misconception or misrepresentation , of late appeared among the vo- 1119 lunteers , with regard to the measures and intentions of government . In order to remove this suspicion , he would beg leave to propose the following resolution , which was nearly similar to what he had before moved , namely , — '' That this house continues to retain its cordial sense of the zealous exertions of the several corps of yeomanry and volunteers of the United Kingdom , associated for the defence of their country , and doth highly approve the