, for whom no provision had as yet been made , which was the same establishment as had been settled on the late duchess of Cumberland . He concluded with moving , `` That his majesty be enabled to grant , out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain , a yearly sum , not exceeding 6000l . to each of their royal highnesses the dukes of Clarence , Kent , Cumberland , Sussex , and Cambridge . '' made some observations on the nature of the aggregate fund , and expressed his hope , that the resolution would 925 pass with unanimity . He mentioned , that the late duke of Cumberland had also 24,000l . per annum , which was then equal to 30,000l . or 40,000l . a year at present . The income of every gentleman of landed property had increased greatly of late Years , while his expences had also increased ; and hence the louse must be convinced how reasonable the present proposition was.—The resolution was then agreed to . then moved , that there be granted out of the consolidated fund , sum not exceeding 7000l . per annum to the princess Charlotte of Wales , during his majesty 's life ; and that of the prince of Wales ; also a sum not exceeding 4000l . a year to the duchess dowager of Gloucester . With regard to his highness the duke of Gloucester , he said , that it had also been thought fit to propose to raise his income in proportion to that of the royal dukes , and he therefore moved , that a sum not exceeding 14,000l . a year be granted to the duke of Gloucester , in lieu of 8000l . which he at present enjoyed ; and lastly , that the grant to the princess Sophia of Gloucester , formerly charged on the aggregate fund , be transferred to the consolidated fund.—The several resolutions were unanimously agreed to . moved the order of the day , for a committee of the whole house on the Oude Charge . On the question that the Speaker do now leave the chair , said , he did not mean to give any opposition to the motion , but rose to call the attention of the house to the very extraordinary mode of proceeding adopted by the noble lord . This was the first instance in the annals of parliament , of any member of the house taking out of the hands of another member any proceeding of this description . felt it necessary to justify himself from the charge made upon him by hon . gent . He had never called on the house to come to any resolution on this subject , but when the hon . gent . seemed indisposed to bring the question to any decision . All he had done , was with a view , when the charge had been brought forward , when the evidence in support of it had been produced , when that evidence was printed , to come to a speedy decision on that charge . All he asked on the part of his noble friend , was , what the meanest , even the most guilty individual of the community would be entitled to in a court of justice , namely a speedy decision on the merits of his use 926 He took that opportunity of declaring , what he had often before stated , that it was not by any means his wish to take the business out of the hon . gent . 's hands . If the house should agree to his motion for going into the committee , and the hon . gent . should be disposed to make any motion on the subject , he should be very far from taking the business out of his hands . said , that he could not have expected that any person would have proposed coming to an immediate decision on this subject , in the present state of the question , of the house , and of the session . Obstructions had been thrown in