abandoned or surrendered that privilege to a minor court , upon which so much of the safety of the country might hereafter depend . instead of considering the subject unfit to be brought before that house , thought it their duty not to recede a single step in the proceeding which had been commenced . He was far from thinking that this was a case which ought to be abandoned to the inferior courts . But in consequence of what had fallen from the rt . hon . sec . of state , in the true spirit of those principles which he had always professed , he should deem it unnecessary to trespass on the time of the house in endeavouring to shew that parliamentary impeachment was the only fit mode of proceeding in accusations of high crimes and misdemeanors . declared , that the more speedily the subject of the charges against his noble relation could be put at issue , and the more expeditious the mode by which the matter could be brought to its final decision , the more satisfactory would it be to that noble lord , and to all his friends ; but at the same time , he thought it highly necessary that all the papers moved for by the hon . gent . should be laid ons the table , 67 and considered by the house , before they came to any decision whatever as to the mode of further proceeding . He admitted that the charge against his noble relative might originally have proceeded before the court of King 's Bench , but having come before the house , he submitted that it must be got quit of by a specific vote , establishing either his guilt or innocence . He therefore thought there could be no objection to the papers being produced . denied the doctrine laid down by Mr. Fox , that the house of commons was a court of justice , or acted in a judicial capacity ; to call it so was a misnomer : it was properly the grand inquest , whose province was to inquire respecting the validity of great criminal charges , and then to proceed as the accuser or prosecutor before a high court of justice . But he was of opinion , that such were the charges which the house had now entertained against the noble marquis , and so enormous was their nature , that , if true , they sunk the imputed criminality of another noble lord , now on his trial , comparatively , almost to nothing . If lord Melville 's case was one which required impeachment , marquis Wellesley 's was one which required it much more strongly , Where one was accused of taking thousands , the other was accused of wasting millions . The house was bound to go into an inquiry , and come to some decision upon the business , instead of abandoning it to the jurisdiction of another tribunal . He did not , for his own part , presume to anticipate any guilt on the part of the noble marquis . He wished to have him heard at the bar , in answer to these charges , as had been the case with sir Elijah Impey and Mr. Hastings ; and if he could make a satisfactory defence for his own vindication , he should have his vote to quash all further proceedings . said , he only meant that the particular charge of extortion might be a fit subject for the jurisdiction of the court appointed by the 24th of his majesty , without reference to the other charges . stated , that the difference between this case and that of another lord alluded to , consisted in this : the case alluded to proceeded on a resolution of this house , finding that the noble lord in question had violated an act of parliament , and that he had applied the public money to his own advantage . Here no peculation was even alleged , nor was any evidence given of the supposed breach of the law . thought it