no more , who , though of a most capacious mind , was observed to be particularly versant even in this inferior department ; and who had , as the right hon . gent . himself had happily expressed it , `` a mind like the proboscis of an elephant , equal to the pulling up of a tree , or the picking up of a pin . '' The right hon . gent . had talked a great deal on a former night of the blind Cyclops , that after a good deal of puffing and hammering , had produced a most defective measure . He would tell that right hon . gent. , however , that with all his accuracy , it would be found necessary to insert a clause in the bill before the house , to remedy an omission to provide for the wives and children of those who volunteered from the Army of Reserve for general service . He did not suppose the right hon . gent . meant to repeal that part of the act . He therefore hoped , that in his triumphal chariot he would suffer a clause to accompany him as a rider . in explanation said , he never had expressed a wish totally to abolish the ballot . He did state , that in the uncertainty of human affairs , the country might again be driven to the necessity of resorting 136 to it . If any error should exist in the bill it might be corrected . said , he did not consider these constant insinuations of gentlemen on the opposite side of the house , wishing to triumph over the measures or memory of a great man , who was now no more , as being at all justified by any part of their conduct . He said , he had listened with great attention to the entertaining speech of the hon . and learned gentleman opposite him , who had never once attempted to defend the Additional Force act , which was now about to be repealed ; on the contrary , the whole of his pleasantry went against that very measure . He could not help admiring the military spirit that seemed to prevail among gentlemen on the other side of the house . This was now the fourth debate which the house had had upon this bill . In the first , it seemed as if there had been a council held among the opposers of it , and that it had been resolved , `` Let us attack all the measures that have been proposed or suggested , but let no man say a word about the bill . '' In that debate they therefore cautiously abstained from meddling with the bill itself . The second debate was began by a military general , certainly of very high consideration ( sir James Pulteney ) . That general , however , entirely abstained from the military view of the question , and confined himself to its civil operation . In the third debate , both the civil and military questions were declined , and the argument was principally about the clause of refunding , which was the chief subject of the right hon . gent 's argument upon the present occasion . If the gentlemen on the other side of the house had been twenty months before they could understand their own bill , they were not to triumph much even if they should find any omission in the present . He did not think it quite decent of the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Perceval ) to say , that his rt . Hon . friend had not read the bill that he proposed to repeal : since he had made that assertion , he thought himself warranted in saying , that the Additional Force bill had been drawn up in a manner so confused and unintelligible , that he could not but consider the learned gentleman himself as the framer of it ; and from the little knowledge he discovered of that bill , he was only the more confirmed