as chief governor of India . But it was not the reputation of the noble marquis , but the fate of India that depended upon the decision of the house ; and that ample and impartial justice should be done , was of the utmost importance to every British interest in that quarter of the globe ; for it was of the first necessity for the British parliament to shew , whether they were the guardians of the rights and liberties of British subjects in India , or the protectors of lord Wellesley . For his own part , he had done his duty in bringing forward these charges , and the evidence to support them . India looked anxiously to the issue of this question , and he hoped would bless the day on which the enquiry was instituted . He hoped they would be enabled to ascertain by the decision upon this question , whether the faith of treaties was to be maintained inviolate or not ? to which faith they had witnessed the most honourable adherence under the administration of that ever-to-be-lamented nobleman , marquis Cornwallis ; but he would call upon the house to look at the situation of India from the accursed day when marquis Wellesley first set foot there until the hour of his departure , during which time it continued a perpetual scene of rapine , of oppression , of fraud , and cruelty , which goaded the whole country into a spirit of revolt . He had brought forward his charges against the noble marquis in the 934 face of England . He sought nothing but impartial justice , and he hoped parliament , for its own sake , would decide with the maturest deliberation , and in a full house . said , he understood the hon . member who brought forward this charge , to object that the house should be the judge of the fittest time to form its own decision upon the subject , and to say he would tirely withdraw himself from any interference in discussing the subject , unless he was to be the judge of the fitness of the time for the decision . In such a case , he ( Mr. Perceval ) was of opinion the hon . member would abandon the duty he had undertaken , and incur the blame of any erroneous decision to which the house might be led , without the light Which he was enabled to throw upon the subject . If the hon . member , however , would pledge himself to bring forward the investigation at any future day during the present session of parliament , at any reasonable distance , when he should have his thoughts better arranged upon the subject , he , for one , should not object to adjourning the further proceedings to such a day ; and therefore he requested to know the hon . member 's determination ? declared he had not the most distant wish for delay ; and that , if the remaining papers were produced for which he had moved respecting six British regiments in India , and which would furnish proofs of the most exorbitant and inconceivable extortion upon the nabob of Oude , he would be ready to go on with the charge next day , or in a week , just as the house should choose ; but recollecting the delays and disappointments he had already experienced , he would not pledge himself to any particular day , until tire papers were before the house . thought that , after what had fallen from the hon . gent . it would be a mockery of justice to proceed . The hon . gent . in his situation , could not fix any day . He regretted the delay ; but as to the marquis Wellesley , it could not be too often repeated that it was damnum sine injuria . He thought that the friends of marquis Wellesley could not desire to proceed in the present situation of the case . declared , that nothing could be more opposite to the wishes and feelings