, until after they were tried ; and , therefore , from the necessity of the case , you were obliged to make the power general , leaving the exercise of it to his majesty 's ministers , and they were to detain only those against whom there were founded suspicions . But this general power is never necessary to be given , when the thing to be done can be specified ; so here , in the articles to be carried away by neutral ships from your colonies , what is to hinder you from specifying runs and molasses ? particularly after what has been said by an hon . baronet , by which it appears that there has been a specification , and an enumeration of all the articles allowed to be taken away from the colonies in neutral ships : if so , specification and enumeration are possible ; therefore , there can be no necessity for these unqualified and sweeping powers.—Sir , when I am called upon to agree to the giving of power to others , which power may be exercised discreetly , perhaps , but very differently from that which I expect at the time of granting it , a question necessarily arises in my mind , what is thought upon that subject by those who demand the power , and by whom it is to be exercised ? How do I know what power ministers think necessary to exercise , except the power which they claim ? Have I any other criterion to go by ? And that is a power which no man will say can be tolerated , if exercised to its full extent . In the hands of one man , 1006 this power may be an absolute nullity ; for he would use no part of it , and , therefore , it is useless to give it ; In the hands of another it may be executed to a ruinous extent : and for that reason , dangerous to give it ; and , therefore , under this artificial and constrained system , ( for I can not help retaining the use of these words ) it is impossible to go on , and therefore much better to give it up . How do I know that the idea I have of the use to which any of the powers to be given by this bill , is that which they would wish to make of it ? I own I do not know what they mean by this bill ; and as I have said already , it would be an affront to them to suppose that they have no meaning , which is of itself a reason why I should not assent to this bill . Sir ! I see no bounds , whatever , to the power which the privy council is to have to give an unlimited indulgence to American shipping : and I see nothing whatever , in this bill , which gives to the privy council any authority to make the slightest regulation with reference to British shipping : so that the indulgence is all to the American , and the rigour is all to the British shipping . [ Here he read a clause in the bill to prove this observation . ] Sir , is it not monstrous that such a provision , should exist , in any shape whatever , in a British act of parliament ? and yet , here it is ; a power to grant , in favour of American shipping , that which can not be granted to British shipping ; is it possible that such power can be given by a British parliament ? Sir , I really have no idea that ministers are aware of the meaning of it.—These sir , are the reasons I have to shew that this bill ought not to pass into a law . I have shewn the danger of assenting to any measure of this kind without inquiry ; I have shewn that it is different from any measure that ever was yet adopted in parliament ;