, than was his right hon . friend , who introduced it , although , perhaps , not quite so sanguine as the hon . colonel ( col. Craufurd ) : he did conceive , that the great obstacle to the recruiting service , at present , was , the prejudices of parents , who conceived that their children were utterly lost and ruined , if they entered into the army , whether in the cavalry or infantry . If this measure could remove this prejudice from the minds of fathers or mothers , it would remove the greatest obstacle that now stood in the way of the recruiting service . It would not only get a better description of recruits , 477 but would make the recruiting service operate on a much more extensive description , by taking in the inhabitants of the country , as well as the population of the manufacturing towns . He was sorry the navy had been at all mentioned ; but , with respect to the allusion which had been made by the hon . gent . to a late regulation , upon a principle similar to that now proposed , namely , inlisting them , instead of for life , only for a term of years , or during the war , he was surprised that the hon . gent . was not acquainted who were the authors of that arrangement ; he would , however , inform the hon . gent . that it was made by his own friends , the late administration , as the last act , of their official authority , and it certainly was the best of their whole administration ; and , so far , as it , went , it was an irrefragable proof of the efficacy of the principle , as well in procuring a numerous and rapid supply of recruits for the marine service , unparalleled upon any former , occasion , as in obtaining them from a better order of men . In answer to the arguments of the hon . gent . Against extending the same principle to the army in general , he could only say , the principle , so far as it had been tried in the case just alluded to , and according to the most general opinions of persons whom he considered the first military authorities , not only in the present day , but some years back , he considered , was a good and an eligible one ; and having heard no other plan , as yet proposed , at all likely to produce similar effects , he should , therefore , adhere to and , support this . Much clamour had been raised against this principle , as new and untried ; and the alarm was loudly sounded , to warn his majesty 's ministers , against its adoption , lest , they should render themselves unpopular to the whole country ; but , highly sensible as he was of the excessive solicitude of those who used such arguments for the popularity of those ministers , he must beg leave to say , that however unwilling they were to oppose their , own opinions against those expressed by the majority , or any great portion of the people of England , still they felt it their bounden duty , at a crisis so ardent as the present , not to temporise upon a measure of such vital importance to the security of the , country , under any apprehension of risking a temporary unpopularity ; for , if they were to suffer their conduct , in concerns of such importance , to be swayed by such considerations , they might do that which would be popular with one 478 party to-day , and unpopular with another to-morrow , and , in the mean time , sacrifice to popular caprice , or selfish considerations , the real interest and security of the empire , instead of doing that which was their indispensable duty , independent of all minor considerations ; namely , adhering firmly to those measures which appeared best in their conviction