then himself had come forward ; but he felt the importance of the subject so strongly , that hi was induced to offer himself to the attention of their lordships , There were particular parts of the bill , which , more that any other , and in every point of view ii which he considered them , his royal highness seemed to think objectionable . He meant chiefly those which went to prevent the exportation of slaves from British islands , or in British vessels , into foreign colonies . When he considered this prohibition , under whatever motive it was professedly urged , he must deem it part of system for the abolition of the slave trade Were their lordships duly to consider , o bad they an opportunity of considering that great mass of evidence which was adduced on the subject , they would then b fully aware of , and thoroughly impressed with , the importance of the traffic in question . His royal highness entered upon some calculations to evince this proposition , and stated the capital employed in the trade to exceed two millions sterling . He 228 then adverted to the number of seamen employed , and for whom it proved a nursery ; and the extensive drawback upon the slave trade itself which the bill would produce , might be conceived , when it was . known , that out of upwards of 38,000. slaves , more than 22,000 were afterwards exported from the British islands to foreign colonies and settlements . When he reflected on the immense capital employed in the trade , the great quantities of British manufactures consumed in consequence of it , and the numbers of seamen employed , how strong must be his reprobation of a measure , which would diminish nearly two-thirds of the whole ! His royal . highness adverted to the different sentiments entertained upon this subject by the father of the noble lord , now at the head of administration , and who was fully impressed with the importance of these considerations . He referred to the operation of die three past acts from the first passed in 1766 , to the general act of last session and he expatiated upon the advantageous traffic between the British islands , and the Spanish main , which entirely depended upon the transmission of slaves , and which would prospectively be in greater demand , as it was the present policy of the court of Spain to cultivate the extensive island of Cuba . Added to these considerations , the bill was inefficacious as to its avowed object . No regulations of our legislature , I could prevent those foreign colonies being supplied by the ships of other states : it was impossible ; the coasts of Africa were open to all nations . To pass such a bill would , therefore , be neither consistent with true policy , as it would throw that into other hands which we might ourselves retain ; nor with true humanity , as the t transmission of slaves would be given to those who would not use them with such tenderness and care . His royal highness then adverted to the share the Americana at present enjoyed of this traffic , and the increased proportion they were likely to have , should the bill pass in its present r shape ; and he called the attention of their lordships to the circumstance of the cargoes now on their progress to the West Indies , and the calamitous consequences that must ensue , when the farther expectation of these should be stopped . Upon the whole , his view of the measure was such , that he should move , in the way of amendment , to leave out that part of the title of the bill , which went to prevent the 229 exportation of slaves , by any of his majesty 's subjects , into any colonies or islands , subject to any foreign state or power . felt himself bound on principles of humanity , as well as of liberty , to support the bill . He