the country.—Mr . Windham was rising , when said , that such an important measure ought not to be discussed in so thin a house , and moved the standing order , that the house be counted . Strangers were then ordered to withdraw ; but there being 40 members present , the discussion was continued . entered into a general history of the debates that had taken place on the subject of his military system , and observed that the arguments which were at one time advanced by the hon . gent . opposite , were so completely at variance with those adopted by the same hon . gent . at another , that the one set of arguments might very fairly serve fear an answer to the other . However he should endeavour to satisfy the hon . gent . as to each distinct point of objection , without any consideration of it in a relative view with respect to the objections which were at other times started . The argument as to what was called the invasion of the right of parliament seemed now to be principally dwelt upon . But he would beg gentlemen to consider for a moment , first , what was the nature of the confidence generally placed in the crown ; then , what sort of confidence that was which was acted on with respect to the army in particular at other times . By , comparison , these gentlemen Would see how far the principle of the present bill was at variance with , or agreeable to , those general principles which have been uniformly acted on by parliament . In all 612 treaties , but most particularly in commercial treaties , was there not a degree of confidence reposed in the crown ? But , more especially , did we see the existence of that confidence in any transaction relative to the army ? Was not the soldier first engaged by the crown , and was not that engagement afterwards sanctioned by parliament ? Were not the terms now agreed on for life , and yet did not parliament annually deliberate whether they should approve of that engagement or not ? And there could be no doubt that parliament had the power of refusing to grant the pay to the soldier , or where was the use of an annual mutiny bill ? In the interim the soldier had to rely on parliament for his pay ; the same principle would still be to he acted on . Then , as to the argument , that by the periodical discharge of men , the country would be overloaded with these dangerous set of veterans , at a time when every statesman acknowledged the necessity of adding to the military strength of the nation , would any man seriously declare that it would be wrong to have such a corps-de-reserve to call upon in case of any sudden emergency ? Were not the volunteers a military body ; nay , were they not military with arms in their hands ? and yet , danger was said to be apprehended from these unarmed men who shall have obtained their discharge front the army , and return to the avocations of civil life ! Where , he would ask , was the consistency in these modes of reasoning ? It was said , however , that we could not disband a regiment in time of peace because the terms had been agreed on , and that , it we discharged a soldier , we should rob him of the benefit to which he would have otherwise been entitled at the expiration of his seven years , and so forth . Gentlemen need only to look at the specific term of the oath , where it is expressly stated that a man engages to serve so long `` in case the king shall have occasion for his services . '' Then , surely , there could not be any breach of contract , nor can we be said to have acted ungenerously by a man when we shall have told him that the king