evidence would have the curiosity to read the other also ; and so no more injury would really be sustained than where the public , even after a decision , were entitled to read the evidence on both sides , and to form their own conclusions . said , that it would be highly conducive to his own ease , quiet and convenience , that the present charge should be determined during the present session . He , however , declared that he conceived himself as having come under no pledge to conclude the charge during the present session , if the evidence should not have been completely and fully gone through . He was conscious that he had proceeded with a de- 784 gree of rapidity unexampled in the annals of parliament , of course it could not be imputed to him as blame if the noble marquis found himself placed in an unpleasant situation . He confessed that one of the charges was of a very serious nature , being no less than that of murder . He held in his hand however , a copy of one of the charges against Mr. Hastings , containing an unqualified allegation of a foul and atrocious murder against several gentlemen , and among others against Mr. Hastings . Yet that charge was allowed to lie on the table two years before it was gone into . There all the talents , probably great part of the integrity of the country , were friendly to and carried on the prosecution . Here , though he acknowledged , and should recollect with gratitude to the latest moment of his life , the assistance and countenance he had received from the noble lord ( Folkestone ) and other members of that house , the load of preparing the charges . and of maturing the evidence in support of them , had , in a great measure , if not altogether , devolved on him . If he had to receive blame on any account , it was for having given advantages against himself . It was not to him but to the noble lord near him ( lord Temple ) that the delay was imputable , of not having brought the present charge forward upon the 10th instead of the 18th inst . and when the noble lord had mentioned his own intention to bring it forward on the 18th , with a view , as he understood him , to a final decision on that day , feeling , as he did , that such a decision would be impossible on a fair consideration of the whole body of evidence he had to produce , he had declared that he would take no part in the proceeding of the noble lord , and that he never would , until the whole of the documents for which he moved upon each particular charge were laid upon the table , move one inch to the right or left , slower or quicker than suited the perfect convenience of his purpose . But as the consideration of a charge so very important , in houses so very thinly attended , was utterly inconsistent with any possibility of due deliberation , he should probably feel it to be his duty , late as it was in the session , to move for a call of the house , in order to enforce an attendance , as consistent with the decorum of parliamentary proceeding , as with the essence of parliamentary justice . The three charges he had brought forward were undoubtedly charges of very great importance ; but there was a fourth charge , not yet brought forward , still more important , and which he could not well bring forward 785 before next sessions , namely that of the ex-Pulsion of the Rajah of Sassni , from his territories . He concluded by repeating his most earnest eager wish for as speedy a decision upon the whole of the charges as was consistent with the due ends of justice . disclaimed having ever expressed a wish or an intention to press the house to a