the number were laden back by government , and this besides wine taken in at Madeira train British merchants there . Who then , he emphatically exclaimed , are the enemies to the manufacturers , shipbuilders , and ship-owners , to the traders and merchants of these kingdoms ? himself and those who thought with him , or the directors of the India company ? Were the people of Sheffield and Birmingham more likely to starve , if a freer intercourse subsisted with the millions of people in our own Indian territories , and a trade were opened with the myriads who inhabited regions within the Company 's limits ; regions which they never had it in contemplation to visit , much less to supply with their instant demands , and with the growing wants , which a knowledge 1214 of our manufactures would create . —The honourable director had re-echoed against him , the charges of personal motives and attachment to a favourite project of introducing India shipping to the injury of the British artisan ; but , would opening the India trade , that trade which the company could not carry on , would giving facility to that trade be likely to confine it to half a dozen established English houses abroad , and himself and four or five India agency houses in London ? certainly not , on the contrary it would open India to the British merchant , trader , and ship-owner , without distinction or preference , whether at Liverpool , Bristol , Leith or Glasgow , Dublin or Cork ; it would injure , not the Company , as was dreaded , but only the privileged neutral rivals , whose operations he had already in part developed , and should farther expose in the next session.—So much with regard to any selfish object on his part ; he should next proceed to notice the danger of removing our artizans , ( ship-builders he presumed were meant , ) out of this kingdom to our dominions in Asia . But did there , he would ask , exist any want of ship-builders abroad ? At Penang ( Prince of Wales Island ) it was true , there were neither workmen , nor materials , neither revenues , nor provisions , but was that the case at Bombay , on the Malabar coast , or at Calcutta ? were not ships built there by British subjects ? were none built at Pegue or Demaur , by Burmaks and parsecs ? was it not a notorious fact , that ship-building materials of every kind super-abounded in our own territories ? that they no less abounded in artisans , and master-builders of the first eminence to put them together ? was it not then sound policy for this government to encourge the extraction of these materials , and indeed of every other resource , Which dependencies dearly acquired , and of such precarious tenure , would furnish to the mother country ? would it not he sound policy to build ships there for government , which might partly pay for their construction by a freight home , and to compel the Company to build there for their own commerce , and leave the oaklings of our home forests to acquire their natural growth ? Would the ship-builders of Blackwall , or of any other yard , complain of such a necessary expedient ? did they not candidly acknowledge , and every ship-owner feel , that the expence , and of course the profits , of refitting and repair , exceeded these of original construction ; that materials were grown so scare and dear at 1215 home , that no merchant vessel could be built to sail against neutrals , nor any India-man be allowed to arrest the inefficient and scanty supply of our own timber for the royal navy ? was not the contract price of building for the king 's service more than doubled within these few years ? Could the commissioners obtain contracts at all to the extent required ? — These facts made most completely against the Director 's assertions.—The honourable Director had next brought