the original act . was of opinion , that enforcing the tax would , on many occasions , produce very great hardship ; and thought , from his own experience , that it could not fail to prove a most disagreeable task to the commissioners employed under it . He , therefore , wished to remind the noble lord , that taxes very often took their complexion , in the public opinion , from the occurrence of cases of particular hardship ; and thought that sonic modifications would render it more palateable , and equally productive . wished to state in a few words his ideas respecting the principle of the tax . The general principle of it seemed to be , that all persons having property , of whatever kind , were bound to contribute . The exception from this principle was , that those were to be exempted from its operation , who could not contribute to the tax without depriving themselves of the necessaries of life , and thus becoming the proper objects of charity . In many cases , it would be impossible to take any thing from the produce of labour , since it might be barely sufficient to procure subsistence . Hence the propriety of those exemptions that were proposed in certain cases . Annuitants also below a certain sum were to be exempted , because they could not be said to be possessed of real property . But this would not apply to income derived from monies in the funds , or from landed property . Suppose a man to be possessed of 6 or 700l. , from which he derived an income of 30 pounds a year , by subjecting him to the present tax , you could not be said to deprive him of the necessaries 222 of life , or make him an object of charily ; for what title could such a man set up to your charitable assistance , who was possessed of a capital of 6 or 700l ? He therefore was not entitled to be exempted from the general principle ; and this would apply equally to the possession of landed and of funded property . According to the extent of a man 's income in many different situations , he might have it in his power to make such alteration in his expenditure as that the tax would not entirely crush him : he might be able in some measure to relieve himself : if he lived on the first floor , for instance , he might remove to the second , and so lessen his expences ; if he was on the second already , he might mount to the attic story ; but , where a man was already found to be in the cellar , where could he be sent to , what resource could he have ? With regard to the embarrassments of the commissioners , in carrying the act into execution , they would not take place , at least , in the case of the funded property . observed , that it was very common for people in the lower ranks of life to settle on their widows the interest of the small sums they had been able to accumulate , and the tax , operating on such an income , might reduce those who received it to the sitnation of paupers . replied , that people of that description evidently belonged to the class of annuitants . said , the tax would operate with a severity amounting to cruelty , in those cases , where small farmers left 100l . to their widows for their lives , with remainder to their children ; it would also fall extremely hard : upon those labouring persons , who had , whilst young , provided for old age , by saving a little property , which they vested in government security . In this case it would prove a tax upon the old and infirm , whilst the young and vigorous were exempted . said , he did not see why the difficulty should be greater now , than under lord