late administration , the petitioners would have met with no encouragement . hoped , that as the attention of the house had not been turned to 108 the subject , the noble lord would not press the matter now . deprecated delays in such cases as the present as they were attended with great inconvenience . He wished , however , that the matter might be deferred till Wednesday . said he wished for delay , as he did not know before , that there was any intention of submitting the clam , this day , to a committee of supply . thought the house would do well to consider the matter maturely before they decided on a subject of so much importance . Probably all of them had not read the full report of the committee upon it ; but they ought to do so before they came to a determination . It was a matter for the house at large to decide upon ; for he maintained , that no board of treasury would be justified in deciding upon such a claim of its own authority . though it would be better to take sufficient time to consider of the subject . He had himself been a member of the committee to which the petition was referred , and he understood that the conduct of government in the affair , would , in a great measure , depend on their report . The difficulty , he believed , which the lords of the treasury had , was in not being able of find a precedent for allowing a demand of such extent . For his own part , he thought it an extremely hard case ; and though the demand of the petitioners might not be founded in strict justice , yet , in his opinion , they had a very fair claim on the liberality of parliament . The peculiar hardships in their case was , that in ten days after the government brought in a bill to legalise the trade in which they were encouraged to embark in consequence of the dispute with the Northern powers , the embargo was laid on , which occasioned their cargo of Swedish herrings to be spoiled . said , that he did not give it as his opinion , that no compensation should be given them , but that the treasury board could not allow such a claim by its own authority . explained , that by the ministers consenting to have the claim submitted to a committee of supply , he did not wish to be understood as saying , that they had agreed to his object in doing so . There was a great disadvantage in putting off things of this kind from time to time , as it caused great inconvenience to the parties , 109 and it at last was liable to be considered as a thing which was not to be brought for ward at all . He should not , however , for the present , object to a delay till Friday next , in order that the subject might not be again deterred , and that no possible excuse might be received for the final determination of the house . It had been frequently the case , that when subjects were postponed from week to week , gentlemen considered that they were of no consequence : this could not apply to the present subject , which was of national importance , as it affected the confidence reposed by mercantile men in the government of the country ; and it was of no inconsiderable magnitude to the individuals immediately concerned.—The house agreed to defer the consideration of the merits of the petition until Friday next . hoped the hon gent . opposite to him ( Mr Jeffery ) would not object , on the ground of the inconvenience of postponing motions , to delay a little longer his motion respecting the noble lord . Not only his motion , but the order for the third reading of the bill for repealing the Additional Force act , stood for the next day . If