. He was an advocate for the abolition of the trade , by rendering slaves capable of the enjoyment of freedom ; but he entertained faint hopes of the accomplishment of that end , as no means could be at present devised to induce free labour : no reward was a sufficient stimulus to the voluntary exertion of the negro , as he had no wants in a country , where the labour of a week would supply the wants of a year . For forty or fifty years , nothing had been omitted in the colonies to counteract the decrease of slaves by death , but , in some , there was no instance of a child having been born for a very considerable period . If the amelioration of their condition could be such as to prevent this decrease , it would be a most desirable object , and would go far to obviate the necessity of the continuance of the trade . said , he would venture to assert , that whatever difference of opinion might exist in this country , the general accordant sentiment of the people of Ireland was strongly in favour of the abolition of the slave trade . So great was the detestation of that abominable traffic , that when a set of commercial gentlemen lately proposed , in a maritime district , a participation 601 in the wealth deduced from our West India trade , the reply was , that sooner than be parties to the rapine , robbery , and bloodshed , that stained our intercourse with that quarter of the globe , they would forego the pecuniary advantage , however great . One remedy proposed in lieu of this proposition before the house , was an increasing duty on the importation of slaves into the colonies ; but , as it was said they would be imported in defiance of our navy , the increasing duty would only become an increasing premium on contraband traffic . The hon . baronet , on account of the lateness of the hour , concluded by expressing his satisfaction at the renewal of this pledge to the country , that the trade would be abolished , and his belief in the concurrence of the other house of parliament in the proposition . said , he thought it impossible for the ingenuity of man to devise a form of words contributing to the repeal of the Slave Trade that he should not concur in ; he lamented , however , that the house had not the subject more fully before them , and censured his majesty 's ministers for not bringing it more tangibly and efficiently forward , during the vacant interval that presented itself between the recess and the time that the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) brought forward his military plan . thought the debate on the present occasion might as well have been spared , as tending merely to give alarm to those concerned in West India Property , and being , in fact , nothing more than a repetition of the resolution of the house in the year 1792 . Every man connected with the colonies had an undoubted right to the protection of parliament . This was a bonâfide British trade , acknowledged in the public statutes so long ago as the time of queen Elizabeth , and it was the duty of that house , to afford a remuneration to those who might be injured by its prohibition . The situation of St. Domingo could not but be in the contemplation of gentlemen , and he exhorted them fully to weigh all the consequences of the measure proposed . Without conciliating the planters , he was sure the house would never effect their object ; and he earnestly entreated them , before the next Session , to turn their attention to the claims of the proprietors , who would be affected by it . said , he hoped after that night , the house would hear no more of the silly confusion of abolition of the trade , and emancipation of the negroes , as the