; in the implements , with which he earns his daily bread ; in every article he consumes . ' The actual burthen of the taxes is enough to drive the mass of the people to despair . If you do not wish and intend to drive them to madness , you will not aggravate their sufferings by this unjust exemption 407 of strangers from contributing even to the protection of their own property . I therefore move you , sir , that the clause in the present bill , which provides `` an exemption for the annuities , dividends , or shares belonging to aliens , not resident in Great Britain , or elsewhere within the dominions of his majesty , '' may be omitted . said , he was convinced that his hon . friend was actuated by the best intentions , in proposing his present motion , though something like a tone of reproach seemed to run through his speech . It would be impossible for any man to believe , that his majesty 's ministers were influenced by any peculiar tenderness for foreigners , in proposing to exempt their funded property from the tax . They could only be actuated by what appeared to them just and politic . The present measure , considered with regard to its policy , would have the effect of discouraging foreigners from vesting their property in the British funds , and of inducing them to withdraw it altogether , and therefore must be ultimately injurious to this country . Their motives for preferring the British funds were their superior security , together with the high rate of interest which they derived from them ; but the hon . gent . seemed desirous of removing these motives at once . He had also given them the invidious name of speculators , and had observed , that during the American war they bought in when the funds were low , and had sold out at the conclusion of peace , to great advantage . But , every man who purchased an estate a view of rendering it more valuable , might equally be considered as a speculator ; and he could not see how the conduct of foreigners , in this instance , should draw upon them the resentment of this country . Unless speculations of this kind were left unfettered , the whole funded system would be annihilated . One great advantage of that system was , that any man could invest his property without risk or delay , and could buy in or sell out whenever it suited his convenience . And as it was desirable that foreigners should purchase into our funds , he considered it as exceedingly impolitic to subject them to the tax . The hon . gent . had dwelt upon the frauds that would be practised , in vesting domestic property in the names of foreigners , and it was certainly possible that such frauds might take place ; but it was to be observed , that the property tax had now existed for three years , and frauds 408 had not been hitherto discovered . He could not help thinking , that there was little danger of the defalcation of the tax from fraudulent practices in that way . The British creditor must be aware of the consequences that might ensue from them . Suppose the foreigner , in whose name the property was fraudulently vested , to die , the property would descend to his heirs , and according to the laws of the country in which he resided . In regard to the justice of such a proceeding , he could not see how it was just in parliament to tax any but the property of its own subjects . As to the act of queen Anne , which the hon . gent . referred to , as exempting the funds from taxation , it must be confessed , that the present tax might perhaps be justly considered as a tax on the funds , and as only to be justified from the necessity of the times . But the tax in