income , as would render it almost nugatory . Persons whose incomes were less than 150l . a year , were least likely to effect an insurance on their lives , and according to the clause which he had himself prepared to propose , the scale of abatement would extend to persons enjoying 1000l . per annum.—Mr . Vansittart and lord II . Petty said , that the allowance was intended only to relieve those who , having small salaries , effected insurances on their lives , as the only means of providing for their families in case of their death . Persons of more considerable incomes could not need the abatement.— After a few observations from Mr. Fuller , Mr. Spencer Stanhope , Mr. Vansittart , Mr. Ellison , and Mr. Babington , the clause was agreed to . then introduced a clause for granting allowances to persons having children , and moved , that `` for every child , born in wedlock , of the persons whose annual income or profits shall be under 400l. , a deduction of 5l . per cent . shall be allowed for every such child ; and where the income of the person shall amount to 400l . and not exceed 1000l. , a deduction of 4l . per cent . for every child . '' perfectly agreed with the hon . gent . in the necessity of the clause , and thought that it even did not go far enough . The father of a large family paid taxes in numberless ways that others were exempted from . He wore several pair of shoes a-day , whilst the nobleman , who had no children , only wore one pair , and therefore some indulgence was certainly due . rose and said : I am sorry the noble lord and the right hon . gent . have left it to my hon . friend to introduce a clause of this nature , as I really think their inflexibility on the point must have a direct tendency to bring into hazard the general success of the measure : that it should succeed , must be equally the wish of all ; for the object of the bill is neither more nor less than the furnishing the means of protecting the country against time most serious dangers it ever had to encounter . The public are aware of these dangers , and that great efforts , and of 265 course great expences , must be necessary to meet them . I really believe , too , that they feel an assurance that whatever can be accomplished by great talents , and equal heart and firmness , will be done to extricate us from our present difficulties , and accelerate the event which can alone relieve us from the additional burthens now so indispensably necessary . I have no doubt , therefore , that the public will cheerfully bear even this heavy addition to the Property , or Income tax , provided only they see in the distribution of it the just , fundamental principle preserved of making it , as far as practicable , fall upon every man in proportion to his ability to bear it . It is therefore with the greater concern that I observe in the present bill so manifest a departure from that principle , as the withdrawing of all abatements on account of children , which excludes from indulgence the very persons who , of all others in the community , have the most irresistible claim to it ; namely , persons of small , or very moderate incomes and large families , whose contribution is raised at once to 10 per cent. , and who are at the same time deprived of all the abatements which it had been thought just to allow them , even when the contribution was only 6¼ per cent . Is it possible that the noble lord and the right hon . gent . can have adverted to the serious change which these two alterations , combined with the extension of the contribution of 10 per cent . to incomes of 130l .