himself than it was against his creditors . The avowed principle of the bankrupt law was , that when a bankrupt gave up all his property he should be discharged from all his debts : but by the law as it now stood , that principle was not acted upon ; for the bankrupt 's total release from the commission did not protect him from those debts which he might , perhaps unknowingly , have contracted after the committal of the act of bankruptcy which led to such commission ; therefore the bankrupt was placed in the extraordinary situation of being called upon to pay that which he could have no property to pay , unless he were guilty of an act of felony.—What he had already stated the learned gent . conceived quite enough to impress upon the house the necessity of amending this law . But there was a still greater evil than any he had mentioned , produced by the present system . If after a commission had been taken out , an act of bankruptcy was proved anterior to that upon which the commission was grounded , all the proceedings of such commission were void , and the commission was superseded . In consequence of which the assignees , who were made responsible for all the bankrupt 's property they possessed , or had previously sold , were placed in a situation of extreme hardship . It had not unfrequently happened , and indeed , in 841 the course , his own experience , he had known an instance in which a first , seconds and even a third commission had been set aside in this way . In that instance , as no doubt brothers , the object was to defeat the proceedings taken against the bankrupt , by whom , with that intention the anterior acts of bankruptcy were kept back . If then in addition to the injuries thus arising to the bankrupts , the assignees and the creditors , one considered the enormous expence of actions depending on the committal of acts of bankruptcy , the amount of the bankrupt 's property dissipated in such actions , and with no other object in general than mere litigation , it was impossible not to feel astonished that the law should have been suffered to remain so long in its present state . Three modes were suggested , the learned gent . stated , of remedying the evils complained of : the first was , entirely to abolish one of the great principles of the present bankrupt laws , namely , that no man should be considered a bankrupt until the time at which the commission should be taken out . But various objections offered against this suggestion arising out of the expedients notoriously resorted to by bankrupts fraudulently disposed . Another provision was recommended , that no commission should be granted unless the act of bankruptcy alleged by the petitioning creditor had taken place a certain time before the commission according to the advice of some , three or six months . But to this recommendation he knew of several objections , which urged at least the propriety of a much greater distance of time . When it was considered how reluctantly creditors in general took out a commission of bankruptcy , how frequently they granted a deed of trust in order to avoid bringing expence and trouble upon themselves , or disgrace and ruin upon the bankrupt , and when it was recollected that those deeds were often protracted much longer than sit months , he trusted the house would feel that no such period ought to be fixed . But although great inconvenience and injustice might result from such ad arrangement , still the law was not to be left as it stood . It appeared to him , that With out fixing any period upon this point , bona fide debts contracted by the bankrupt at any time before the commission , should be recoverable from the effects of the bankrupt , 842 notwithstanding any previous act of bankruptcy . This seemed to be the only remedy fairly applicable to