who knew or would examine the subject , but they were nevertheless highly reprehensible as used in that house , because it might be supposed no member would use them without some degree of authority , and they were most of all reprehensible from such persons as the hon . gent . who was fostered under the Company 's wing , and now turns his influence against that body to whom he entirely owes the fortune which introduced him into notice in this country . concluded the debate , by observing , that if the expressions he had used , of which such heavy complaints had just been made by the hon . ex-chairman ( Mr. Grant ) , were felt to be either disrespectful to the great body whose affairs were now again under their annual investigation , or stronger than the occasion called for , ( and even in this case they could riot justify the use of invective as a reply where confutation was felt to be impossible , ) he trusted , that in the one case , allowance would be made for some degree of provocation he had met with at the beginning of the debate , in a fresh attempt to preclude him from expressing his sentiments at all in the committee , and in the other case , the the committee would think with him , that , feeling as he did , the importance of the facts , and of his deductions from them , it became both his right and his duty , to enforce conviction , by the strongest language that the subject suggested to his 1248 mind.—The Resolutions were then agreed to , and the house having resumed , the Report was ordered to be received on Monday.—Adjourned at one o'clock on Saturday morning . On the third reading of the Militia Officer 's Pay bill , protested against it as a bill that offered an insult and injury to the Militia , whilst it was at the same time a breach of faith towards that valuable body of men , it having been clearly declared by parliament that the pay of the Militia officers should be equal to that of the officers of the line . He lamented that every party who came into power seemed inclined to give a blow to the Militia . The engagements that had been entered into with the Militia had now nearly all been broken ; the men had been taken out of the regiments to serve in the line ; officers had been appointed without the requisite landed qualifications ; now the pay of the officers was to be rendered less than that of the line , and he supposed their rank would next be affected . He wished to speak against this measure in the strongest terms which his liberty of speech in parliament would allow ; and viewing it in the light he did , he felt it his duty to move , that the bill be read a second time this day three months . also thought the bill a breach of faith towards the Militia , and was at a loss to conceive on what grounds it could be supported . On a former occasion , when discussing one of the military measures of his majesty 's ministers , it had been said , do not take a measure singly , but look at the whole plan , and with this license he would take the liberty of adverting to a bill for regulating the rank of volunteer officers , which either through his mistake , or the mistake of others , had passed through the house without his having an opportunity of making any remark on it ; — a bill which he conceived calculated to give offence to the volunteers , without any benefit being likely to be derived from it . declared himself a warm friend to the Militia , which he considered a very valuable part of our military force , not only as affording a force for the defence of the country in the hour of danger , but also as giving