its fullest operation , the hon . colonel must still be content to draw his recruits from the plough , and from the fair , rather than from St. James 's Street and the Royal Exchange . But if , after all , we are wrong in this supposition ; if there be such 463 a race as the right hon . colonel supposes , of such peculiar and characteristic disposition ; of such small , and at the same time delicate stomachs for military service ; whom none of the modes of service hitherto invented , have been able to satisfy ; I am far from , contending , that this variety of the military species may not be worth comprehending in any general plan of military establishment . By all means , let us have all that we can get ; but do not let us , in attempting to catch this rare and non-descript creature , weave the meshes of our laws too close to answer any more useful or general purpose . But by all means let there be a class of this sort of service ; let there be certain regiments raised with this particular term of enlistment ; let the second battalions , as has been more than once suggested by the hon . genral ( sir J. Pulteney ) , be appropriate to it . For this , no act of parliament is necessary , no new .power need be given . The crown may raise regiments , or appoint battalions for this purpose ; and wherever these singular individual ; are to be found , wherever the right hon . gent . or the hon . colonel has heard of them , in whatever part of the country they are latitating and circumcursitating , there the king 's recruiting writ may run and secure them , if they are to be had , for his majesty 's service . But where is the necessity of sacrificing every other chance to try this one , which may as well be tried without it ? The right hon . gent . meets this question with an argument the most singular and the most hardy that can well be conceived . He admits that the trial of this principle has been made ; and he admits , or rather contends , that its success has not been all that could be desired : `` but , '' says he , `` this failure has proceeded from its having been tried partially : make it the general rule of your service ; recruit solely on this principle ; leave nothing in competition with it ; rely upon it alone , and be assured it will not fail you . '' Why , sir , this might be very well , if the interests hazarded upon the issue of the experiment , were any thing less than the safety and existence of the empire ; and I could understand the argument , if its application were to circumstances directly the reverse to those which are now under our consideration . If the principle of our service had hitherto been the limitation of the term ; if the innovation now proposed were to enlist for a term indefinite ; if this new method had been tried partially , and had not answered , I 464 could perfectly understand any advocate for indefinite service , who should say : `` No wonder this experiment has not yet succeeded ; it has not had fair play : and so long as the limited service is suffered to bid in competition with it , its complete success can not reasonably be expected . `` —But it certainly is not an equally obvious truth , that the existence of the indefinite service affords a competition which must be fatal to the trial of the experiment of the limited term . I therefore can not conceive a more unreasonable demand than that of the right hon . gent. , that we should consent to abolish a mode of enlistment , which , if not so alluring in theory , has been found effectual