upon its merits , or with a view to proceed bona fide with the bill . though he had proposed to proceed with the bill , had no objection to go into the committee pro forma , and to allow any reasonable time for the consideration of the measure , but would not consent to any delay that would carry it beyond the present session . then rose , and spoke with great warmth of the rapidity with which the right hon . baronet had pressed the bill through the previous stages , while he had declined doing any thing in the present session for remedying those evils which existed in the paper circulation of Ireland . He had no idea of the contents of this bill till very lately , and its object appeared to be to strike a death-blow at every corporation in Ireland . It arose from the right hon . baronet 's own experience in a late election . He would not impute sinister or improper motives to the right hon . bart . ; 773 but if the corporation he represented was adverse to his interest , that was no reason why the other corporations of the kingdom should be deprived of their right . He contended , that time should be given them to present petitions and protests against it , and , as that could not be done in the present session , he should move that it be postponed to the next session . explained the object of the bill . At present petitioners claiming the rights of freemen in corporations , presented their claims to the mayor , who was an annual officer ; and it too often happened , from this and other causes , that their claims were neglected and mislaid for years , and that the freeman was deprived of his just rights , or forced to reclaim them at a great expence . The present bill provided that every claim should be delivered to the town clerk , who was to present it to the mayor within forty-eight hours ; and that some decision should be passed upon it within one month after its presentment . It obliged the corporation to proceed to some decision , before they entered on any other election business . Should the claim be rejected by them , and afterwards brought into a court of justice , and decided in favour of the claimant , it provided that he should recover all those expenses which he had been put to in pursuing his just rights . This was the more necessary as individuals at present found it ruinous to cope with the weight of a corporation purse . He knew that in one instance 5000l . had been raised on the revenues , of a corporation , for supporting the law expences occasioned by these appeals . The present bill called upon the corporations , to do nothing but justice , and whatever allusions the honourable member might make to his motives , he trusted the house would do him the justice to believe , that in the exercise of his official duty , he was of actuated by any private or sinister views . thought the question to be considered was , whether a bill : which so much affected the rights of the electors , should be allowed to pass the house in the course of a few days , and before the people of Ireland had time to judge of it ? He suggested to the right hon . bart . the propriety of filling up the blanks now , rather than ordering the bill to be printed ; and afterwards to let it stand over to the next session of parliament . asserted , that in the corporation in Ireland with which he had the most connexion , he never heard of any 774 instance of injustice ; he only knew of a discretion which he thought properly vested in the corporations , to judge of the fitness of persons , according to the fairness of their characters . said , he hoped that op a question which