to have any public force in the country ? Another objection to the bill was , that its principle was unjust , oppressive , and a violation of a positive contract entered into by parliament and the country ; namely , that if they raised , in the several districts , a certain number of men , that they should be exempt from the operation of a somewhat similar principle under a former bill : but he begged to know how such a contract , entered into under circumstances existing at that moment , was for ever after to tie up the hands of parliament , and prevent them , under any change of circumstances , from adopting measures absolutely necessary to save the country from destruction ? Upon the whole , the right . hon . secretary contended , that the present bill , so far from going to abolish the volunteer system , went hand in hand with it , and was immediately calculated to keep it from going to pieces : and , in answer to the arguments of gentlemen deduced from his speeches uttered 3 years ago , he asserted that the phrases attributed to him , as in ridicule or contempt to the volunteers , were unfounded or misrepresented . reserved to himself the privilege of delivering his sentiments upon its principle , upon the report of the committee.—The question was then put , and carried for the committal of the bill , without a division . The house accordingly went into a committee , and the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Thursday.—Adjourned at 2 o'clock on Wednesday morning . moved , that as the evidence of the first charge against marquis Wellesley was on the table , the charge should be printed , in order to afford an opportunity of comparing it with the charge . opposed the motion , and stated what the house had already done on the subject . The first resolution of the house for printing it had been rescinded next day . The reasons were , that no evidence was then before the house , and also that a charge of such a nature should not be eventually circulated through the country , before the house could take it into consideration . It did not appear that the house would be able to enter into this charge during the present session . He could not , therefore , see any benefit that would arise from printing it , while the character of his noble relative might , in the mean time , receive essential injury . contended that the house was now in a different situation from what it had been formerly in , when it resolved that the charge should not be printed . It seemed then to be agreed , that the proper time for printing it would be when the evidence was before the house ; and now that the principal papers were before them , it was proper that they should be fully enabled to compare the evidence with the charge . was of opinion , that the house would derive no advantage from printing the charge at present , while the character of the noble lord might receive no trifling injury from its circulation during the recess of parliament . supported the motion , and took that opportunity of declaring that he saw nothing in the charge but what was supported by the papers before the house . asked what was the reason for printing papers at all ? Was it not for the use of the members ? And the more numerous and complicated these papers were , it became the more important that the charge which they were produced to support , should also be printed , that the house might be fully able to compare the one with the other . It had been said , that false impressions would be produced ; but he did not see much danger of that . A great deal of evidence had already been 831 produced in defence of the noble lord , and more was on the