. '' ) The noble lord continued , by observing , that he perfectly understood the allusion of the rt . hon . gent . and would again repeat , that as the exigencies of the country were great , the present was not the proper season for repealing an act that had been found , on the whole , productive ; and he trusted , that the house , and the country , would compare the expence occasioned by it with its results , and would make their option . But , he contended , that when properly acted upon , it had not been attended with so much expence as had been stated . In support of which , he instanced the county of Leicester , where the full complement of 200 men had been raised , and at a much less expense than the Same number had been raised under the army of reserve act . Wherever the act had been carried into effect with zeal and activity , there it had produced the desired effect ; but its partial failure was not surprising , when it was recollected what contests the measure had occasioned in that house , how many efforts had been made to obtain its repeal , and in how few counties it had been acted upon with zeal and energy . When it was also considered how complete had been the ignorance of the parish officers with regard to its nature , and how much trouble the applications to the justices for its explanation had occasioned , its failure in many parts of the country would create still less surprise . But now since its nature had been more fully understood , its produce had been gradually increasing , and we were entitled , from the opinions given by the inspecting field officers , to expect that it would still continue to increase . He felt confident , that nothing which the rt . hon . secretary bad hitherto brought forward , was at all calculated to compensate the loss which the country would sustain by the repeal of the act : and he would venture to predict , that were his plans adopted , it would be necessary , in less than a year , to have recourse to some stronger measure than had yet been fallen upon , for supplying that deficiency in our military strength , which his plans would produce.—There was a clause in the bill before the house , to which he had the strongest objections ; namely , that which went to indemnify parishes from those fines which they had already incurred under the operation of the act . This he contended , would be equi- 11 valent to parliament surrendering its authority , would be incompatible with the dignity of the legislature , and would operate as a pernicious precedent in future . It was also unjust , in as much as it placed the active and neglectful parishes exactly on the same level . In proof of this , he should adduce the instance of Mary-la-bonne parish . Its quota nude the reserve act had been 225 , and under the present act 80 ; but it had not raised , and indeed had not endeavoured to raise a single man under either . On the other hand , St Anne 's parish , in the immediate vicinity , had found every man of its quota , and these parishes were now proposed to be placed precisely on the same footing , and the latter might console itself as it best could , uncle all its expence and trouble , while the former got off triumphant . It went to remove every distinction between those parishes that did their duty under the act of parliament and those that neglected it.— He apologized to the house , for having taken up so much of their time on this occasion , but the subject itself was of such importance , and branched out into so many ramifications , that he did not feel competent to do it justice without entering much into detail . On the whole