shall leave it to his lordship to settle it , as well as he can , with the court of directors . The company 's situation offers no probability of their being able to meet such a demand , otherwise than by loans in England , or by extending their capital to an equal amount . Now , by an estimate of profit and loss on their sales here , for the year ending in March 1805 , I see that their payments exceed their receipts by the sum of 418,540l . Here , then , is a deficiency to be made good , upon their actual domestic charges , and it be an annual deficiency . Eularging their capital , without a proportionate extension of trade , is only running into a debt , which does not furnish the means even of paying its own interest . I have so often objected in vain to the form and construction of the account of their stock per computation , that I shall not trouble the house with any then farther remarks on that subject . In my 1060 mind , they only deceive themselves , when they make out an apparent balance in their favour , by totally omitting their capital on one side , and by taking credit on the other for unproductive articles , which , I could easily shew , amount to some millions.—The evidence on the table , though it falls short by two years of the actual state of the company 's affairs , is sufficient to shew whether I have been right or wrong in the opinions which I have maintained on this subject , for many years past . The last Indian injustice that can be done me now , would be to confound the prediction with the cause , and to charge me with the event , because I foretold it . On this night , my noble friend has stated the whole case fairly . He has told us the truth , and I have done nothing but tread in his steps , and follow his example . rose and said—Before I proceed , sir , to consider the financial state of India , which is more properly the subject for discussion this night , I shall advert to the political subjects which have been referred to by other gentlemen . The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Francis ) has asked , what right Scindeah had to the fortress of Gwalior , and the territory of Gohud , which have been ceded to him by the late treaty concluded by sir G. Barlow ? The hon . gent . must recollect that , subsequently to the treaty of peace concluded by Mr. Hastings with Mandajee Scindeah ( the predecessor of Dowlut Rao Scindeah ) , that chieftain attacked the Rajah of Gohud , and deprived him of all his territories . The family of Scindeah had remained in possession of those territories , and of the fortress of Gwalior , from that time , until the war which commenced in 1803 ; when the fort of Gwalior was taken , and the country of Gohud fell into the possession of one of the detachments under the orders of the commander-in-chief , lord Lake.—Under the 9th article of the treaty of peace which I was the instrument of concluding with Doulut Rao Scindeah , at the end of the year 1803 , the territory of Gohud and the fortress of Gwalior , were to remain in the possession , and at the disposal of the British government . This will be obvious to any man who reads that article , or the conferences in the negociations of the treaty , which are published ; and indeed the operation of the 9th article upon this territory was acknowledged by Scindeah 's ministers . The governor-general , lord Wellesley , however , having adverted to the situation in 1061 which Scindeah was placed by the treaty of peace in relation to other powers in India , and particularly in relation to his rival Holkar , had deemed it proper to take into