by carrying a few slaves , our merchantmen conformed to the laws of Spain , and got articles into the Spanish colonies , which they otherwise could not . What he had said was , that the Spanish governors of provinces covered themselves under the circumstance of a few slaves being on board our ships , and permitted the sale of our manufactures . The average of 118 cargoes , was only 7 from Great Britain ; and he thought , by abolishing that limited trade of slaves , we should do more injury to our commerce , than could be compensated by the advantages calculated upon . His alarm was not so much as to the abolition of the trade , as that the object of gentlemen went to the emancipation of slaves . What had fallen from a noble lord ( H. Petty ) to-night , induced this apprehension , as well as what a right hon . secretary had lately implied , in speaking on the subject of limited service , when he said , that there was no fear of finding recruits for the colonies , if the Slave Trade was abolished . He thought with the right hon . gent . that the colonies might be well defended with the native troops , enlisted for life , as the island of Dominica had exemplified in three instances in which it had been attacked ; but not so if the men were to be turned adrift after a certain period . It was his misfortune to disagree with his lamented friend ( Mr. Pitt ) on the subject of this trade ; and his opinion with respect to it was so firmly rooted , that he believed it would die with him . Its sudden and entire abolition he was satisfied would be attended with the worst consequences , and even be the occasion of much bloodshed in our islands . He thought the West India planters had a claim upon parliament , that their property should be protected , instead of being subjected to the inroads of so fatal a measure as the sudden abolition of the Slave Trade would prove . The mortality which a noble lord ( H. Petty ) had spoken of , he was sure he would , on due examination , find incorrect . The treatment which the slaves experienced was always exaggerated in a number of pamphlets which were circulated on the eve of a parliamentary discussion . Unless the house acted in concert with the colonies , the measure , he was convinced , would never prove 600 effectual ; and although the resolution would not have any opposition from him , he could not but wish , that the colonial interest had been associated , as in the end they must be , in so important an undertaking . in explanation , said , that he had not so wild an object in view , as the issuing of a proclamation immediately after the passing of this resolution , for granting freedom to all negroes in our West India islands , as the right hon . gent . seemed to apprehend ; but if by gradual progress the slaves could be led on to a fit state for freedom , he was certainly an advocate for that object . said , he considered it to be the fault of those by whom this question had been before introduced , that the Slave Trade was not ere this entirely abolished . Hand in hand with the proposition for the measure , should be the assurance to those who would be affected by it , that every claim of compensation would be attended to , and that it was an object intended to be effected at the expence of the country , and not of individuals . It would be in vain to look to the accomplishment of the object , unless this course was adopted , as not all the navy of England could prevent the landing of contraband cargoes by the planters of the islands , in case the traffic should be prohibited by the English parliament