, there must be a very con- 746 siderable alteration in them , in order to render them , capable of answering any useful purpose , as it appeared that few things c me under them , and that very considerable delay might take place ; so that this mode .of proceeding could not at least be recommended from any convenience of dispatch . He had indeed heard it said , that all those offences were punishable in the courts of law . Undoubtedly the court of King 's Bench was competent to the trial of such offences . But though this might be be the case in point of theory , yet , in matters of this sort , it was not altogether the case in point of practice ; and this , therefore , ought to be the object of future consideration . In the present case , the house had got into a difficulty , and he lamented to say , that he saw no way of getting rid of it , and therefore it must be fairly encountered . But as to the principle of impeachment in this instance , he might certainly change his opinion if he heard some new facts that had not yet come to his knowledge , or stronger arguments than he had as yet heard ; but unless something of this sort should happen , he must say , that he was fully determined to vote against an impeachment . He might , to be sure , hear something that might give a different colour to the whole transaction , and then he would act as he saw proper . Now , he had been one of the most earnest to engage in the impeachment of Mr. Hastings , but before the conclusion of that trial , he had come to this opinion , that it was morally impossible that justice could be obtained , ( he meant no reflection on the tribunal by which Mr. Hastings had been tried ) with regard to crimes connected with India , by the mode of impeachment . He felt this so strongly , that nothing but some new and very impressive information indeed , could induce him to vote in the present instance for a trial by impeachment . But it might be said , suppose you should be of opinion that lord Wellesley had very much misconducted himself , what were you to , do ? That would depend on the degree of delinquency and on other circumstances . The opinion of the house of his conduct might be marked by a declaration of its sentiments , or if more than that should be required , then we had other modes of proceeding . But at all events , whatever might be the result , he hoped that the mode of impeachment would not be adopted . Now , as to the way in which we were proceeding at present , there was one mode , and only one that he saw , by which this matter could be 747 brought to a conclusion before the end of the present session . To be sure , it might be said that he wished to withdraw himself from the affair altogether when he proposed it ; but it was to sacrifice the whole day to the business , to go on with the evidence at eleven o'clock in the morning , and to proceed with other business at the usual hour , in the same manner as the lords had lately done . He allowed that he must be absent if this mode should be adopted , for in the situation in which he stood , for him to attend would be absolutely impossible . This , therefore , was certainly not a mode to which he was partial , as his absence would be necessary , but at present he saw no other . But , there were some here of opinion that the examination of this oral testimony would not last long—perhaps not beyond two or three days ; but if , contrary to expectation , it should last long ,