. had asserted . That the transactions , to which those papers related , had reference to a proceeding in which the government of Madras , and the superior government of Bengal , were the principal parties , and in which the hon . bart . was an active and efficient instrument . The inferior government of Madras had recorded , in strong terms , their disapprobation of the conduct of the hon . bart . ; and this record had been adduced to the house , as the ground and warrant for the imputation which the hon . gent . had thought proper to cast on his hon . relation . The superior government of Bengal , with this record before them , pronounced , the conduct of the hon . bart . to have been highly meritorious , and , in consequence , they gave it their strongest commendation . That it was not his intention to trespass upon the time of the house , by going into the controversy between the two governments ; but that he appealed to the justice of the house , and to the honourable feelings of every man in it , whether the proceedings of the hon . member in adverting exclusively to the opinion that was expressed by one of the parties , and thereupon founding a judgment , could be justifiable in any case , but particularly in that of a member absent through illness ? —That the misery and desolation that overspread the Carnatic in the years 1780 and 1781 , and the reduced state of our military force and resources at that time , 415 were historical facts , to which he only referred , as they gave rise to a proposition out of which the transaction in question arose , namely , a proposition for ceding to the Dutch company , in perpetuity , the Southern provinces of the Carnatic , upon condition that an immediate military aid , of 1000 European soldiers , should be furnished by that company.—The news of a rupture with Holland was received in India before the arrangements upon this proposition could be carried into effect . But the alarm , which it had excited in the mind of the nabob of the Carnatic , was not the less strong ; nor were his doubts and apprehensions to be appeased by the interposition of the temporary authority which then prevailed at Madras , the government being held by devolution , and the gentleman so holding it not possessing the confidence of the nabob.—The exigency of the public affairs had become still more pressing , in consequence of the rupture with Rolland ; and the nabob was urged , by the temporary government of Madras , to assign the collection of his revenues into their hands . The nabob resisted the proposition , and want of confidence increased the difficulties of our situation.—At this time the hon . bart . held the office of secretary to the government of Madras , and , from his knowledge of the Persian language , he was enabled to communicate directly with the nabob ; that he availed himself of this advantage , not to betray the secrets of government , as the hon . gent . had thought proper to state , but to impress upon the mind of the nabob , the necessity of his making the great sacrifice that was required of him for the general safety.—The nabob , seeing the public danger on one side , and his personal risk on the other , was some time before he could bring his mind to decide ; at length he signified his disposition to concur in the proposition , provided the hon . bart . would undertake to negociate the terms of the assignment with the government-general , and to obtain a formal assurance from that superior authority , that his just rights should be restored to bins upon the return of peace . The hon . bart . did not hesitate between personal responsibility , and what appeared to him an object , upon the attainment of which our political existence in the