. observed , that it was not wished to introduce a higher class of men into the army , but only the more considerate and reflecting of that class , who now entered it as soldiers . This would add both to the numbers and discipline of the army . supported the bill in its present shape , which , in fact , he thought no more militated against the royal prerogative , than any of the Mutiny bills their lordships were in the habit of passing yearly . opposed it , and noticed the slight effects produced by limited service during the American war , as a proof that little was to be expected from this new system . thought , that the only way of rendering unnecessary the present high bounties , and of removing the odium under which the military life so generally laboured , was by ameliorating the condition of the soldier , and this the present clause was eminently calculated to promote . High bounties were one great cause of the desertions which had so much prevailed of late , and if the cause were removed , which could only be done by some measure similar to the present , the effect would cease of course . At present , nothing but the event of his being disabled , could give the soldier the hope of retirement ; and it was not to be expected , that considerate men , or indeed any but the thoughtless , or those driven by necessity , would prefer being tied up for life , to limited service . As to canvassing between the officer and soldier , he was confident , that British officers would never degrade themselves by permitting any relaxation of discipline , to induce their men to continue in the service . They were convinced , that the attachment of the soldier could only be gained by fair and liberal conduct , and by the strict and impartial exercise of discipline . declared , that notwith- 655 standing all he had heard from the noble earl who had spoken last , and the other noble lords who preceded him , ( and the opinions of some of them he knew were entitled to considerable weight ) notwithstanding all the arguments which he had heard so ably advanced , in support of the system which was to be founded on a clause in the bill now before their lordships , he had not heard reasons stated , which were capable of effacing from his mind the impression which it had previously received , namely , that this was , in its very essence , a most dangerous , and might possibly be in its consequences , an almost ruinous system . Artillery , cavalry , and infantry , foreigners and native subjects , white men and blacks were all to be disbanded at the expiration of the term of seven years . He was well aware that it was utterly impossible that any thing like a general discharge could take place at any given time ; but then it was within the line of probability that great numbers would have completed their term of service nearly at the same time , and must necessarily be discharged just at the eve of the breaking out of a war . This would be such a case as would most seriously affect the interest ( though he would always place the utmost confidence in the loyalty and bravery ) of the nation , yet it was possible that the occurrence of such an event might endanger the safety of the country . It was wise and politic for statesmen to be guarded at all times against even a distant possibility of such danger , and he conceived it to be unwise and impolitic in ministers to make such an innovation on our military system as this was , during a period of war . The manner he thought peculiarly liable to censure , as by the system being introduced in the form of a clause in the Mutiny bill , which was within ten days of expiring , their