to the task , which considering the difficulty and their other avocations , might be true , they ought to have resorted to parliament , and stated the case . Instead of doing so , they have entered into a covenant with the creditors and provided a fund for the liquidation of their debts , to be adjusted under the arbitration of commissioners . This agreement in itself was not supposed to want the sanction , and never would have come within the cognizance of this house , if the parties had not discovered that the object of their agreement could not be of effectuated without the assistance of parliament . They come to us now , not for our sanction of the plan , but for powers to carry it into execution . That is , if they could have acted without the powers , we should never have heard a word of the agreement . A claim of five or six millions on the revenues of India ought not to be disposed of in this manner . But it seems the capital of this debt , or of the amount that may be proved , is to be gradually discharged by means of a reserved find of about 140,000l . a year , on which sum the company are to pay interest at six per cent . as long as it remains in their hands . This seems to me nothing but on indirect and perplexed way of funding the debt . For as to their really having such a surplus , or any surplus , after defraying all charges , I hold it to be very doubtful , if not impossible . Let us look a little now to the na- 943 ture of these debts , as far as it can be collected from the quality of the creditors . The noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) has declared his belief , that a considerable portion of the whole is unquestionably fraudulent . An hon . director ( Mr. Grant ) has stated his conviction that three-fourths of them are good for nothing , and that , if the remainder were admitted , it would be a large allowance . I am not at all disposed to canvass personal merits , or bring mere names into view ; but where names are connected with station , and station alone will account for the demand , it can not be avoided . The services of sir John Macpherson to the nabob ( Wallajah ) have been recited at large by the hon . member who opened this debate ( Mr. W . Keene . ) He was for a short time a member of the council and governor of Bengal . His claim , with interest , amounts to 101,700l . The late James Macpherson , esq . had a claim for 29,500l . Mr. Hollond , some time governor of Madras , has a claim for 55,000l . You have heard of this gentlemen , and of the vain attempts , which have been made to bring him to justice before the Indian judicature : 292,000l , stands in the name of Samuel Johnson , esq . who , I believe , was in council many years at Madras . If you wish to have an insight into these transactions , look at the printed evidence contained in the letters of Mr. Charles Darke * which were presented to the house so long ago as the 9th of Feb. 1803 . I will not go any farther into this invidious detail , but there is one of these pretended debts , so singular and suspicious , and apparently so connected with the influence of station , that I must state it ; and with that I shall conclude . Laurence Sullivan , esq . during many years was chairman of the Court of Directors , or high in the direction of the India Company 's affairs ; but he never was in India . To this gentleman , or to his estate , the old nabob is said to be indebted ,