be made of that sum , had been explained . Then the army estimates were brought forward for two months , and then they were brought forward for another month . The mutiny bill too was first passed for two months , and again passed for one month . All these acts were no very striking indications of the talents and foresight of his majesty 's present ministers . All that the right hon . gent . had done was to destroy the Additional Force act , and by so doing he had `` thrown away a pearl richer than all his tribe . '' He would not touch at present upon the gigantic subject of the regular army ; but would merely make a few observations on the volunteer system , The right hon . secretary at war had complained , that great misrepresentation had taken place of what his right hon . friend , the secretary for the war department , had said of his intentions with regard to the volunteers . He did not know where this misrepresentation originated . The gentlemen who reported the proceedings of the house for the newspapers , were generally better inclined to a new administration than to a new opposition , and were much more likely to give the speech of the right hon . secretary with correctness , than the speeches of the gentlemen who sat on the same bench with himself ; and he believed that the sentiments and observations of the right hon . gent . had been very fairly stated to the public . He could not but notice that a considerable change had taken place in the tone of that right hon . gent . since he had attended the great civic feast at Guildhall , when the toast of `` The volunteers of England '' was given , proving the truth of the old saying , `` In vino veritas . '' From that moment , the tone of the right hon . gent . had been much lowered on this subject . The effect had subsequently been increased by certain popular resolutions ; and if , after all this , his former spirit should 312 revive , a message might perhaps occasion , his dismission from his majesty 's service . The hon . general commented with great severity on the speech which the right hon . gent . had made in support of the bill for the repeal of the Additional Force act . That speech contained infinite wit , humour , and vivacity , and from any indifferent member would have been very proper , and very entertaining ; but , coming on such an important subject from the secretary of state for the war department , he could not but consider the levity with which it abounded , as in the highest degree indecorous . With regard to the proposed abolition of the general inspecting officers , for the purpose of substituting the lords tenants of counties , he considered such a change as very injudicious ; and on this subject he was sure that he might safely appeal to the opinion of all who had any connection with volunteer corps . Emulation was excited in the present mode , which would , by the proposed plan , become diminished , if not extinct . Nor was he a greater friend to the proposed abandonment of permanent duty . As an officer , he declared that he thought permanent duty most essential to the volunteer system . In the district he commanded ; volunteers were put on permanent duty . under proper inspection , for 15 days ; and so great was the influence of example , that although they appeared somewhat awkward when they first entered the field , before the time was expired they were fitted for military duty . What were the returns on the table ? 200,000 volunteers were reported as fit for duty in England only ; of which , . 100,000 were represented as in a , sufficient state of discipline to act with troops of the line . After all the lavish promises ,