instituted , to be carried into execution , he became partner in the illegality . '' They say that the council ( that is , sir G. Barlow ) `` had no right to abandon their part of the government . '' On the justice of these censures I offer no opinion . The court of directors were his judges , and they have pronounced upon his conduct . But it seems , the readiness with which he adopted the pacific system of lord Cornwallis , and the expedition with which he has concluded a pacification with Holkar and Scindia , is a great merit , and intitles him to be continued in the government.— Holkar , very lately , was considered as a mere robber , and to be treated accordingly . He is now reinstated in his former territories , and Scindia has obtained possession of the country of our ally the rajah of Gohud , and of the royal fortress of Gwalior ; without any right that I know of , to either of them . He might perhaps have claimed Gwalior under sir Arthur Wellesley 's treaty of December 1803 . But , if his claim was good then , why was he kept out of the Fort till now ? I would have preserved the peace with these people ; but , having twice made the war , I should have thought it the best policy not to have brought the Mahrattas back into Indostan , much less to have given them such a strong hold as Gwalior , in the centre of that country . A concession of that kind gives you no security for the continuance of peace ; especially if it was made hastily and without sufficient deliberation . I do not mean to say that the terms of these treaties may not be justified by necessity ; that is , by the state of the finances of the Bengal government.—If so , it is to be lamented that sir G. Barlow 's situation did not allow him time and means to measure his steps with less precipitation . The Mah 1059 ratta chiefs have very good intelligence , and know as well as we do , whether our concessions to them are voluntary or not . As to confidence in our justice or good faith , it is in vain to talk of it . My noble friend , who is now appointed to the government of Bengal , will , I am sure , do every thing that can be done , consistently with prudence and safety , to satisfy the princes of India , and to establish the peace of that country on a solid foundation . I confide in his principles , and I think that every thing may be trusted to his sound discretion.—I come now , sir , to the accounts on the table , which properly belong to , and constitute the business of the day . The first thing to be observed , is that the statements from India come no lower than to the 30th of April , 1804 ; consequently leave us very much in the dark about the actual state of the finances there . We might , and ought to have had them to April 1805 , at least . The Indian debt , as it stood above two years ago , was 25 millions sterling ; and I think it may fairly be reckoned at 30 millions , more or less , at the present moment . The noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) says he shall be happy to hear that this debt , or the greater part of it , is on its travels to England . In that hope , I believe , his lordship is very likely to he gratified . Above 17 millions and a half are payable in England , at the option of the holders of the securities.—How this demand , when it arrives , is to be received and provided for , is a question , which I am not able to resolve , and therefore I