paragraphs 14 to 20 , inclusive , relative to the stamp duties , and to the establishment of other sources of revenue . 7 . That there be laid before this house , extract of a letter from the Bengal government , in the revenue department to the court of 105 directors , dated 5th September 1800 , relative to the abkaree or tax on spirituous liquors , and the court 's reply to the same S. That there be laid before this house , extract of a letter from the court of directors to the Bengal government , dated 14th September 1803 , paragraph 24 , approving of the regulatipns for levying a duty on spirituous liquors distilled according to the European method . 9 . That there be laid before this house extracts of letters from the Bengal government , in the public department , dated 31st July 1798 , paragraph 35 , and the 25th December 1798 , paragraphs 128 to 134 , to the court of directors relative to the revenues of . the post office , and the court 's replies to the same . 10 . That there be laid before this house , extract of such part of the proceedings of the Bengal Government , in the law department , dated 6th May 1800 , as relate to the establishment of the police ; together with such proceedings and resolutions of the government , in the judicial department ( criminal branch ) on the same subject , dated 15th May 1800 ; and all such minutes of the governor general , and reports , as relate to the establishment of the police at Calcutta in the year 1800 , under the improvements introduced by lord Wellesley . 11 . That there be laid before this house , an account of the net revenues of the ceded provinces in Oude , after deducting expences of collection , and other contingent charges , since the conclusion of the Treaty of Lucknow in November 1801 to the latest period , shewing the amount of revenue applicable to the payment of the troops , after deducting all civil charges . 12 . That there be laid before this house , a copy of the governor general 's minute , in the political department , dated 12th April 1805 , relative to Captain Sydenham 's allowances . '' Ordered . signified his readiness to concur in the suggestion of the hon . general and declared his intention to submit a motion to the house on the subject , if some satisfactory reason should not be given for the delay in the production of the Bhurtpore Papers . said , he rose for the purpose of asking a question upon a subject which he considered to be of extreme public importance . He had heard that a dispatch had been received at the India House , stating that lord Lake had written letters to general Nicholson and general Jones , in one of which he ordered general Jones to withdraw his troops from the position they held , as a peace had been concluded with Scindia . He therefore wish- 106 ed to enquire whether that report were true ? It appeared that the present administration had , on coming into office , approved of sir George Barlow as a fit person to administer the affairs of the company abroad ; and certainly , if within three months his government had succeeded in giving peace to that country , it was highly creditable , and a good presage of what was in future to be expected from it . replied , that an overland dispatch had certainly been received from Bombay , at the India house , stating not the actual conclusion of peace with Scindiah , but that such an event was probable , and describing the distresses of Holkar . If the hon . gent was desirous of learning the contents of the dispatch , he might have satisfied his wishes by applying in another quarter . acquainted the houre , that he had a Message from his majesty to this house , signed by his majesty