rate of about 5000 men per annum , which , added to the other deficits , would form one grand deficit in the ensuing year of no less than 51,000 men . The ordinary recruiting service , to supply this , produced , upon an average of the last 5 years , about 11,000 men per annum , so that , at the latter end of the next year , upon this calculation , the deficit from the proposed force of the country would be no less than 40,000 men ; and this alarming defect and difficulty would be produced under the plan of the rt . hon . gent . adopted without any cause or necessity whatever . He would undertake to shew that by this plan , the casualties would be doubled , and the necessities of the recruiting service increased from 15,000 to 30,000 men pet annum —The noble lord next proceeded the state the average produce of the ordinary recruiting service , under four several period during the war : namely , before the operation of the army of reserve ; during the operation of the army of reserve ; the interval between the operation of that army and the additional force bill ; and lastly , the operation of the additional force bill itself . In the first period , the average of recruits raised per month , for 12 months , was 980 . The next was a period of 8 months , average 708 men ; the third was under the army of reserve , and the average 751 ; and the fourth when the additional force bill came into operation , the average , monthly , was 908 men . Now , during the last period , neither the army of reserve nor the militia were in operation , and therefore the increased number could not be fairly reckoned as a general average ; but it was found , that while the parish officers were obtaining their quota of men , the recruiting parties , acting for the bill , felt no diminution in their success : and there could 8 not he a stronger argument against parting with this bill , than that it had given 1800 men within the last two months , and would certainly have produced 5000 more by the latter end of the year , notwithstanding the obvious damp cast upon its operation , by the suspense and discouragement under which those who had acted under it , for the last two months , had laboured . These facts , then , he desired to be contrasted with the plan proposed by the rt . hon . gent . the sole object of which was to cast down a system that had been found so productive , for the adoption of one totally novel and untried , which the rt . hon . gent . had repeatedly , before his accession to office , detailed from the opposite side of the house , and to which no members had expressed their opposition in terms of stronger condemnation and contempt than many of those very men who were now prepared to applaud it in terms of the highest panegyric . A question very necessary to be considered was , whether the rt . hon . gent . intended to substitute , in aid of his ordinary recruiting system , any parochial plan of this kind ; for experience had proved , that , without the aid of some parochial levy , he would not be enabled to raise the complement of men required in time of war ; for even supposing it otherwise practicable , upon the great mass of population in the United Kingdom , it would be impossible , consistently with the interest and efficiency of military service , to detach a sufficient number of recruiting parties from the different regiments of the line , to reach the whole of that population . For instance , the population was calculated at 15 millions , spread over 15,000 parishes ; and supposing that 500 recruiting parties were detached , the proportion would be , a party to