. thought , that when such novel and important military discussions were expected , every information that could be given , ought to be produced . observed , that the estimates would be printed in the journals ; to which replied , that it was not for the satisfaction of members in three or four years , but for the next debate that they were wanted . said , the motion was not sanctioned by precedent , or the natural course of things . The gentlemen on the other side said , the army estimates were of importance . When were they otherwise ? They said , they were now different from what were usual ; that also was the case in many former years . The estimates were upon the table , and any gent . that pleased might have recourse to them ; as to the eight West-India regiments , he did not think that particular point alone could require the additional printing of 6 or 7 hundred copies . thought it extraordinary that there should be such reluctance to print the papers , for he heard no argument against it , which would not equally apply to any motion for printing . If the whole of the case had already been disposed of , 351 they might indeed properly quote the precedent ; but it was a poor argument , when they knew that there were ulterior discussions in which the estimates might be used.—After some further conversation , the motion was negatived . rose , pursuant to his notice on a former day , to submit a motion to the house , on which , he trusted , he should have the good fortune to meet their concurrence . His motion referred to the great and important subjects to which the attention of the public and of parliament had so long been directed ; he meant , the Impeachment preferred by that house , in the last session , against Henry lord viscount Melville , for high crimes and misdemeanours . That Impeachment being now , as far as that house was concerned in the prosecution of it , brought to an end , and understanding that it was customary , and conformable to former proceedings , that the house should express to those to whom the care of that prosecution had been committed , the sense it entertained of the manner in which they executed that trust ; he had risen for the purpose of calling the attention of the house to what they had witnessed in Westminster-hall . He believed that the Speaker himself , as well as every member of that house , who had attended during the trial , was sensible , that whatever might have been the merits or services of former committees of management , none had ever discharged the important duties delegated to them , with more credit to themselves and their constituents , with more ability , diligence , and industry , or in a manner more deserving of the marked approbation of the house . In the selection of the persons who were to compose the committee , it was natural for the house to fix upon those in whom they observed the greatest zeal in the cause , and the most vigorous activity in the prosecution of the business . It was natural for them to look , in the first instance , to his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , whose manly conduct , unceasing diligence , and unabated perseverance , during the whole of this arduous proceeding , had been such , as to merit the thanks of that house , to entitle him to the gratitude of the country , and to insure to him the veneration of posterity . In addition to that hon . gent. , the house had selected from amongst all the descriptions that compose their body , 352 persons of distinguished character every way , and eminently qualified for the performance of the important trust confided to them . The house had witnessed the manner in which they had acquitted themselves of that trust