these were concerned , there was not a ship-chandler in Wapping who did not feel himself interested in the present proceedings . said , ministers had communicated with intelligent persons in the Irish . provision trade , and others in different branches , and they had the mortification to learn , that the means would be inadequate Without a bill of this kind . very much doubted if they had Consulted the old-established merchants , men of probity and fortune , who were best acquainted with this subject . explained . said , the question was , if the decision was to be removed from an improper to a competent tribunal ? and , sensible of the fitness of this transference of authority , be should support the bill . wished for a committee of enquiry to ascertain how the shipping interest would be affected by the measure . Our ships and our sailors were the wooden walls of old England . He thought that the employment of the mariners and capital of the country was promoted by this trade , and that it ought not to be resigned without deliberate enquiry . asserted , that Newfoundland alone was sufficient to supply five times the quantity of fish required for our West-India colonies.—After a few words from lord Temple , and Mr. Perceval , the question was put and agreed to , and the house being resumed , the report was brought up , and leave was given to bring in a bill.—Adjourned . The royal assent was given by commission to the Irish Loan bill , the Irish Treasury Bills bill , the Scotch Judges ' Salary bill , lord St. Vincent 's Annuity bill , the Additional Force Act Repeal bill , the Slave Importation Restriction bill , the West-India Indemnity bill , the Admiralty Jurisdiction bill , and forty private bills.— 348 The commissioners were , the lord Chancellor , lord Walsingham , and lord Auckland.—The Franking bill , and the Irish Debenture bill , were read a third time and passed . The Speaker informed the house , that the royal assent was given by commission to the Irish Loan bill , the Irish Treasury Bills bill , the Scotch Judges ' Salary Augmentation bill , lord St. Vincent 's Annuity bill , and several private bills.— Sir J. Newport brought in a bill , which was read a first time , for allowing persons to volunteer from the militia of Ireland into the regular regiments.—Lord Howick brought up a petition from the royal college of surgeons , praying for parliamentary assistance to enable them to procure a place for the better arranging and preserving the Collection of the late John Hunter , esq . ; which was referred to a select committee.—Mr . H. Addington gave notice , that he should , immediately after the holidays , bring forward a motion respecting the returns which had been made by the inspecting field officers , of the progress of the Volunteers in their discipline , and their fitness to serve with the troops of the line . The object of his motion would be to do away , as far as was in his power , the dissaisfaction of some volunteer officers at the reports which were made of the discipline of their corps from a single inspection . He was not yet resolved , whether his motion should be for an address to his majesty for a copy of the circular letter of general Brownrigg , or whether it should be for a general return of the corps , as they were reported ; but the object of his motion should be merely to remove the uneasy sensation which he knew had been felt by many officers of the highest respectability . —Mr . Francis , as he understood that the 3d reading of the Property Duty bill was fixed for Wednesday next , gave notice that on that day he would move for the omission of the provision which went to exempt foreign property in the funds from the payment of the duty . He hoped that ministers would again consider the subject ,