calculated for the purposes which he had mentioned , and its provisions to be well adapted to secure the objects intended to be effected . contended , that the bill imposed a heavy burthen upon the country , without the probability of deriving from it any adequate advantage , There were , he believed , 15,000 parishes ; and how were the men in these different parishes to be trained ? how many serjeants and constables must there be ? how many drums and fifes ? what was to be done with the arms ? were the serjeants to travel in post-chaises or balloons ? There appeared to him to be no adequate provision for car , Lying the object of the bill into effect , The bill , besides , threw a slur upon the volunteers , by declaring that their services were inadequate . It had been said , that opinions given respecting the volunteers had been misrepresented ; but was it meant to be stated , that all the newspapers , and all the short-hand writers , had been bribed to circulate a misrepresentation through the country ? Were not other measures , not favourable to the volunteers , suggested by his majesty 's servants , through the mouth of his majesty ? spoke to order . The noble lord was , he conceived , irregular , 1089 in discussing opinions uttered in another place , and Certainly in mentioning his majesty in the way he had just done . said , if the expression he had used was improper , he would say , measures that had been announced by his majesty through the mouths of his servants . again spoke to order , declaring it disorderly for any noble person to say , that his majesty spoke through the mouth of any member of parliament . apologised for having used the name of his majesty in any way that was conceived improper ; but contended that , in discussing the opinions used in another place , he had only done what had been done before , in the course of the debate . His lordship resumed his arguments against the bill , which , he contended , was not calculated to produce any advantage to the country . defended the bill , which , he contended , was not near so rigorous in its provisions , as the bill of a similar description , brought forward when the noble lord ( Westmoreland ) and himself were in administration . The object of the bill was , to raise a force which might be rendered essentially useful , either by being incorporated with the regulars or the militia , or , in other modes , in the event of an attempt on the part of the enemy . It had been truly said , by a great and eminent character , that we might have , in this country , what an enemy could not bring with him—an armed people , whom no enemy could conquer . It was in this view that the bill was essentially important , as contributing materially to that great object . It had been insinuated by the noble viscount ( Melville ) , that this measure was a breach of faith with the people , in as much as , by the last training bill , compulsory measures were not to be adopted , if the volunteers , to a certain extent , came forward . That bill , however , only authorised his majesty to suspend , in that event , the operation of the compulsory clauses ; but did not , nor could , affect his majesty 's prerogative to call out the people whenever necessary . The present measure was rendered necessary , in order to raise a force sufficient for the purposes for which it was wanted , and which would come in aid of the volunteers . declared , that no man more highly approved than he had done , and that none could , at this moment , be more firmly convinced than he was , of the propriety and 1090 merits of the