stand part of the bill , which was carried . The bill was passed , and a message was sent to the House of Commons to acquaint them therewith . The Irish Export and Import bill , and the Irish Spirit Licence bill were read a first time.—The Irish Election bill , the Irish Miners bill , the Gibraltar and Malta Post bill , the duke of Grafton 's agreement bill , and the Prussian Yarn bill were read a second time . with a view to shew that no blame was imputable to the late board of controul for resisting the production of certain papers on the subject of India , on the ground that their production would be injurious to the 685 public interest , moved that these papers , comprehending the correspondence between lord Wellesley and col. Scott , in the years 1799 , 1800–1 , respecting the conduct of the nabob of Oude , and which was not already on the table , should be laid before the house . objected to the motion upon the same grounds which induced , as the right hon . mover stated , the late board of controul to meet the same motion before . The part of the correspondence which was withheld , contained particulars relative to the private conduct of the nabob of Oude , which it would be highly improper , in his opinion , to lay before the public , especially as they related to a prince at present in amity with this country . The noble lord had no objection to afford any private information desired upon this subject , but he would resist the idea of giving publicity which the motion referred . animadverted upon the singul arground laid by the mover of this proposition , that though he had resisted , when in office , the production of certain documents as injurious to the public interests , yet he still would press his successors to grant precisely the same documents . He was , however , ready to support this motion , as he wished the house to have the fullest information relative to the affairs of India . As to the objections which were expressed against these papers , because they contained some statements upon the misconduct of the nabob of Oude , he was prepared to say that he could prove such misconduct was the result of oppression , injustice , and tyranny practised towards that prince . It was idle therefore to say that the real motive for refusing these papers was was a desire to avoid injuring the character or feelings of that prince . There were , however , as he wished the house to be sensible , several extracts in the papers moved for , which had no reference whatever to the conduct of the nabob of Oude , but which were material to elucidate some part of the conduct of lord Wellesley . on the part of his noble relation , desired that nothing might be brought forward which could have a tendency to injure the nabob of Oude , even though the production of such documents might be somewhat advantageous to his own case.—After some further remarks , the motion was withdrawn . asked the noble lord ( Temple ) whether it was his object to press coming to a final vote upon the charge against 686 lord Wellesley to-morrow ? he was induced to apply for information upon this point , as there were several gentlemen as well as himself , who did not clearly understand the noble lord 's object . It certainly would be rather singular if the noble lord should press for a final decision upon the charge the very same day on which the evidence as respecting it was to be examined . replied that his object was to prevent delay in the investigation of this business ; and his notice simply was , that , if no motion upon the subject should be made to-morrow , by any other person , he would feel it his duty to bring it forward . The hon . gent . therefore ,