on a party of pleasure , who would never have thought of in listing for life ; and in many of the provinces no young man could obtain a wife who had not previously been 8 or 9 years in the army . The reason why he had voted on the former occasion for the repeal of this bill , was in order to remove it out of the way of the great measure proposed by the rt . hon . gent . and , with all due deference to the great military authorities who supported this bill , and opposed the measure of the rt . hon . gent . because it was new and untried , he begged to observe , that so also was the state of the country new and unparalleled , and one that called for new and extraordinary measures ; the system of Europe was such as made it indispensible for the country to depart from old and established usages , and to become , for its own , security , a great military nation . Unless the inducements proposed by the new plan were held out to the lower orders of the people of England , how were a sufficient number of men , cradled in liberty , and reared from infancy in a spirit of independence , to be induced to enter for general service ? 5 Such was the necessity of an adequate disposable force , that unless our army was so composed , as to be immediately convertible from defensive to offensive operations , it could never act with the necessary effect for national security . Therefore , the system for recruiting the force must be the sole and general one it use ; to produce it full effect , it must meet no rivals in every market town . A partial trial of it would be productive of no good consequence ; but if upon fair experiment it should fail , recourse to coersive measures might then be had , upon grounds the most fair and excusable . But in voting for the repeal of the bill , he by no means pledged himself to support the whole detail of the plan proposed by the rt . hon . gent . There were , on the contrary , some parts of hon . gen There were , on the contrary , some parts of it which he did not entirely approve : should , for instance , not be disposed to he sign the volunteers , whose services he highly approved , and whose competence for action in the field , so far as he had seen them , he thought in no degree objectionable . He had seen in G. Britain but a few batallions of them , and those in Scotland , whose discipline he thought complete ; but in Ireland , where he had seen very numerous bodies of them in the field , he considered them inferior to no troops of any description , and competent to serve in the line with any corps whatever . There were other parts of the detail , too , upon which he differed ; for instance , on dividing the period of 21 years service , he should think the first term should be much the longest ; but he could by no means agree to the argument which had been adduced , that the soldiers now enlisted for life would murmur , or feel dicontent , because others in the same regiment should hereafter enlist for shorter periods . He knew too well the character of British soldiers , to apprehend any such consequences ; they knew the terms of their original enlistment , and it was no part of their character to murmur when faith was fairly kept with them . He feared no relaxation of discipline on account of approaching discharge to men enlisted for limited periods , and could not therefore accede to such an imputation upon the officers of regiments . He could never suppose it possible , that a British soldier would insist upon his discharge so long as his country was