moved , on the same day that the notice was given of the motion ; but even that ample notice did not save the motion from the severest censure of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , who contended , that it was most unparliamentary to get rid of a charge in that manner , by turning it into a vote of thanks . Upon that occasion , he had forgotten to refresh the recollection of the house with the cases of admiral Keppel and lord Clive , which , he could cite on the 211 present occasion , when they suited his purpose . What would the right hon . secretary have thought , if , when an accusation was brought in that house against sir Home Popham , his friends had moved for the thanks of the house to that meritorious officer ? Why did not the right hon . gent . then make such a motion ? or had nothing occurred since that time , that could induce him to think , that the house should express its approbation of the conduct of sir Home Popham ? He could not conceive upon what grounds he was now called upon , at such short notice , to express an approbation of the naval administration of lord St. Vincent . What had the building of ships to do with the pressing of Mr. Bartholomew , and other parts of his naval administration ? If the approbation of the house was wanted to the administration of the noble lord , they ought to have gone into a committee , and discussed the whole of his conduct . He confessed , that he had very grave and serious doubts in his mind , from the statement of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery ) , which had not been answered by any arguments on the other side . He had no wish to revive the question about the merits or demerits of lord St. Vincent 's administration : he wished that question to be now at rest , and he thought his friends would have done better if they had left it so . He concluded by moving the previous question . said , that the ground on which he had opposed the form of the amendment mentioned by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) was , that it was contrary to the usage of parliament to adopt , in the shape of an amendment , a thing so totally contrary to the original motion . He did not think the case of sir Home Popham applied at all to the present case . Although his majesty 's ministers might not consider the service at the capture of the Cape of Good Hope as sufficiently splendid to obtain the thanks of parliament , yet if an accusation had been brought in that house against sir H. Popham , for his conduct in contributing to the capture of the Cape of Good Hope , then indeed he should think that the house could not too strongly mark their indignation at such an accusation , and in such a case he would think the approbation of the house ought to be expressed by a direct vote . Such nearly was the present case ; for who was it that could doubt that it was the merits of lord St. Vincent , and his zeal and success in 212 the detection of abuses , which was the real cause that had stirred up so many enemies ? Was there any person who was not an idiot , that did not perceive that the detection of frauds and abuses must necessarily make many enemies ? The present attack never would have been made , hut for the enquiries into abuses instituted by the noble earl . His meritorious exertions to put an end to the most scandalous jobs that ever disgraced a state , had provoked this hostility . When he saw a man , then , attacked on account of his merits , and persecuted on account of his virtues ; and when the