he had the right hon . gentleman 's authority for what lie was now doing . It was true , that in the instance he had alluded to , the sum was small ; but that was of no importance ; the principle was established , whether the sum was large or small . But if Ireland had an absolute right to call for this countervailing duty , for this additional duty of 1l . 8s. , undoubtedly Great Britain had an equal right to call for a countervailing duty in Ireland , in consequence of the duties to the amount of 2l . 11s . per ton , which had been imposed in Great Britain . These cases certainly did not escape the attention of the legislature at the time of the union . It was enacted , that countervailing duties should be imposed in each country , and the articles are specified in the schedule No . 1 ; but in that schedule , iron and hardware are not mentioned ; they are included in schedule No . 2 , which contains a list of articles which are to be subject to a fixed duty for 20 years . Considering , therefore , that this subject was fully within the contemplation of the Persons 333 who framed the act of union , and considering that no countervailing duty had been called for in Ireland in consequence of the additional duties in this country , he did not think the right hon . gentleman 's objection intitled to any weight . With respect to the objections made by the other right hon . gentleman , respecting sugar , and by the other right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) , he begged to re-assert what he stated on a former occasion , that all the duties in Ireland were annual . The legislature never had felt itself bound to continue the duties of the former year , but altered or repealed them whenever it thought proper . He wished the right . hon . gentleman had stated his reasons for asserting , that this duty on sugar would not produce any revenue . The average during the last year was 50s . ; the tax would certainly then have attached , and he saw no reason why it should not attach now . But the right hon . gentleman had accused him of not making provision for the interest of the loan : to this assertion he should give a very short answer . The charge for the loan , not including the interest that might become due upon treasury bills that might be hereafter issued , was 268,666l. , the provision he had made was 333,244l . ; which exceeded the charge by above 64,000l . ; and consequently ample provision was made for the loan , It was true , that he had stated the amount of the charge , on opening the budget , at 313,000l . ; but this was because he had done what none of his predecessors had done , viz provided , by anticipation , for the interest that might become due during the current year . This he certainly was not bound to do ; and consequently the ways and means exceeded the regular charges , as he had before stated , by 64,000l . and even if the duty on sugar , which he had estimated at 60,000l . did not produce a single farthing , still there would be a surplus of 4000l , But he begged that it might not for a moment be supposed that he admitted the position of the right hon . gentleman , that this duty would not produce any revenue . The right hon . gentleman had formed his opinion upon the price of the day ; but he had formed his calculation upon the average of one or two years . Upon these grounds he should certainly persevere in the tax . said , that the situation of England and Ireland , was such , that , although the former could afford to relinquish the advantage of a countervailing 334 duty