not know . Now , let us suppose that under the probability of being able to provide the islands from hence , government were to give directions to shut the ports of the islands , and rigorously to enforce the navigation laws , what would be the state of the governors in the West Indies if the islands should be in distress when such directions should arrive ? precisely the same situation , I contend , as it is now . For the refusal of the privy-council to authorize the opening of the ports , would not make the obligation on the governors not to admit of foreign importations stronger than the navigation laws make it at present . A necessity similar to that which justifies their opening the ports now , would justify it equally when this bill is pressed , for they would not under the authority of any law or order to enforce that law he led to course the absolute starvation of the islands : after this law passes , therefore , the same inconvenience most again subsist , the same system be resorted to , unless the privy-council is uniformly to authorise the importation ; and if that is the intention , it would be more candid and manly to avow it at once , and let parliament itself make this alteration , instead of leaving it to the privy council . But government are to send out , under the authority of this bill , directions to the governors of the West India islands how they are to conduct themselves ; why can not they do so now without any authority under this bill ? Can any power which they may derive from this act of parliament give them additional information as to the propriety of opening or of keeping shut at any particular time the ports in the West Indies ? depending , as we are told that question does , on the state of Europe , and of the markets here , the state of convoys , or the state of ships and cargoes , on which the privy council are supposed to know all , and the governors of the islands to know nothing ? They may as well send out all this information without this bill as with it . But then , on the other hand , when we know that the necessary supplies for the West India islands are not to be had from hence , but that they must be had front the American market , what reason is there for supposing that government here are better judges of the mode of obtaining such supplies , and 707 the necessity of obtaining them through foreigners , than the governors of the islands are ? I contend , and contend , I think , irrefragably , that government here can know nothing of the state of the islands , or at least very little at any time in comparison with the knowledge of the governors of those islands ; that government can have no means of knowing any thing upon the subject , except such as they derive from the governors ; that with such materials it is impossible for them by orders from hence to meet the necessities of those islands ; that they can seldom , if ever , send instructions from hence in time to be acted upon , so as to be useful to the islands in the hour of distress ; but there the governors must know , and can act upon the necessity of the moment . This , sir , leads me to think that it would be better to leave the law as it is , and to leave the governors of the islands to act under their own responsibility , as they have done , rather than to remove from them all the responsibility , and to shift it on government , who , however well disposed , can not have such good means of judging as the governors on the spot . And I feel , sir , an increased reluctance to repose this confidence in government ,