emoluments made by Trotter . hoped , that he should be indulged with the liberty of saying a few words in reply . He had never mentioned the word `` embezzlement `` at all . The learned gentleman meant , he supposed , by embezzling , the making use of the public money , and not bringing it forward at the making up of the accounts . He did not say any thing about that ; nor had he any such thing in contemplation . What he I meant was , the applying of the public money to private purposes for a time ; and this , he and his friends had contended , was an offence punishable at common law . As to the construction of the act of the 25th of the king , if the treasurer , or his deputy , might take out the money from the bank for naval purposes , and afterwards apply it to purposes of private emolument , then , he repeated , that the public had , up to this time , been labouring under a most gross delusion ; for it was utterly impossible to suppose , that the legislature had any other intention than , that the money drawn from the bank should be immediately applied to naval purposes , and to no other whatever . He again repeated , that his great difficulty would be , to find words more binding upon the treasurer , not to draw out the money for any other than naval purposes , and not to apply it to any other purpose when drawn . It was , that we blended the liberty allowed , with the use 1101 made of the money by Trotter . We did no such thing ; but it was the learned gent . who blended the taking out of the money with the emoluments made by Trotter . Could his right hon . friend near him , then , allow Mr. Scott to take out the money ; to deposit it at Coutts 's , and make what use of it he pleased ? If such a thing was done , he contended , that it would be , still impossible to permit such a thing to pass without , at least , an attempt to punish it . He was not , at present , enquiring what was the law , in opposition to the judges ? but still they were fallible men , and liable to error , even in construing the law . This house and other , might act in opposition to their opinions , as they were not bound by them , unless they appeared well founded ; and it was no longer ago than the preceding day , that the house of lords decided in direct opposition to the opinions of the judges , after they had been solemnly called upon to deliver them . As the judges , then , were not infallible , it became the legislature to consider , whether what they had delivered , on this point , was law or not . If it was law , then the law ought to be declared . If it was not law , then it was high time to have a new law , to render the point clear and certain . admitted that , according to the opinions of most persons , some new regulations were necessary , with regard to the law upon this subject . But , that the purpose for which he now rose was , to advert to something which had fallen from the hon . mover . That hon . gent . professed to think , that the house of lords grounded its judgment upon that opinion of the judges to which he appeared to object . But , he could not allow , that that hon . gent . or any other person , was competent to say , upon what the lords were induced to decide in the case alluded to ; neither was the hon . gent . correct , in stating that that house should infer , from