more carefully examined . In consequence of this examination , the timber of the yards became less in quantity , but so much better in quality , that he understood there was more capable of use than when the stock was much larger . 202 However , as soon as lord St. Vincent was apprised that the stock was not so large as was desirable , he took measures to provide an adequate supply ; with that view he sought to obtain timber from New South Wales ; ordered ships to be built in the East Indies ; and had actually contracted for a large quantity of timber from the coast of Dalmatia . The latter would have appeared to the house , had the late minister assented to the production of a paper moved for by his hon . friend in the course of the last session . But that paper was refused . But the enemy became acquainted with the object . That enemy , however , had now got possession of the province , and with it 40,000 trees , which had been actually cut down ready to be carried to this country . As to the proceedings of lord St. Vincent respecting foreign timber , his justification would be found in the 6th Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , in the history of the contract with Mr. Larkin , and in the observations of the navy board on the appendix of the 6th report above alluded to ; although that board had thought proper on a particular occasion to state that the mode of receiving timber at the dock-yards , previously to the enforcement of lord Spencer 's regulation , was , `` on the whole , beneficial . '' What was to be said of such a board , but something must be done ? Had lord St. Vincent remained some time longer at the admiralty , the probability was that the evils complained of would have been remedied ; that their root would have been cut up . The hon . mover was perfectly right in saying , that he ( lord Howick ) had undertaken a great responsibility . He felt it , and should execute the duty assigned to him , to the best of his ability . He was aware that the present state of our navy was by no means such as could be desired , but he trusted to the resources of the country for supplying its wants , and for upholding the strength , the rank , and the unparalleled character which it had so long maintained . To do that , however , he felt that the most advisable course to pursue would be that chalked out by earl St. Vincent , namely , to root out abuses , and to infuse that energy into the several officers , of which he was sorry , from his own experience , they were very much in want . This deficiency had been particularly observed upon in a late report from the commission of enquiry , at the head of which was a noble lord ( Barham ) ; and that re- 203 port stated the best mode of removing the evil , to be the appointment of vigorous and active officers in the department of the navy board . It were much to be regretted , that that noble lord himself did not act upon this recommendation , as , in two appointments made by his lordship in the department alluded to , he did not appear to have had any such thing in contemplation . The noble viscount disclaimed any inclination to excite the least discord between departments which ought to act cordially together for the public service . He could , indeed , appeal to the late comptroller of the navy board , to prove that his disposition was quite of a contrary nature . The observations he had made respecting individuals , the house would feel to have been forced upon him.—The noble viscount count concluded , by expressing his conviction that no blame could attach to lord St. Vincent upon any of