. gent . had been pleased to say , that his right hon . friend had never used any expression intentionally injurious or degrading to the volunteers , but that his words had been misrepresented or exaggerated , with a view to prejudice him in the public opinion . He himself , however , recollected that right hon . gent . 's expression , when a former vote of thanks was proposed to the volunteers ; and when he warned the house against premature approbation to that body , whom they had not yet seen acting in a tune of general election or general scarcity : and he should be glad to know if such language was not calculated to create a degrading diffidence in their loyalty , and to excite their disgust . 1115 With respect to their discipline , which b was an object of so much Importance still farther to improve , what had the right hon . gent . done upon that head , to evince his wish of continuing and encouraging the volunteers ? Why , he had brought in a bill . in which he had abolished their permanent duty , the best source of their discipline taken away their inspecting officers , and effect deprived them of their drill-serjeants , by reducing their pay from is . 6d . to 6d , per day , for which sum it was not to be supposed the services of these serjeant could be continued : but in fact , in this instance , a great injury and injustice war offered to these serjeants , who had entered under a compact of permanent pay , and subject to all the severities of martial law : that compact was suddenly broken , while they were still liable to martial law . The hon . and learned gent . concluded by supporting the original motion , although he was desirous of agreeing with any amend . meat proposed from the other side of the house , that should be adapted so as to effect unanimity . rose to explain ; and complained that he had been misrepresented and very unfairly treated by the hon . and learned gent. , who had thought proper to charge him with having neglected his duty , in not attending that house during the discussions which had taken place upon the various parts of his right hon . friend 's military plan , to join with those who opposed them ; and with compromising that duty , now , by moving an amendment of a suspicious nature . He begged to remind the house , that he had fairly avowed his reasons for absenting himself from the discussions which took place upon the several plans of his right hon . friend ; and would tell the hon . and learned gent . that he was not to be schooled by him , as to what times he should think proper to attend , or to be absent from that house . he had fairly acknowledged that he was at variance with the opinions of his right hon . friend upon the whole of his military arrangements , but he begged at the same time to observe , that he did not consider those plans merely as belonging to his right hon . friend , but as adopted by the whole of his majesty 's cabinet ; and whatever might be the expectation of the hon . and learned gent. , that he should come down to the house , and join him and his coadjutors , in opposition to his own friends and colleagues , he had only to say , that though he should ever maintain 1116 the right and independence of his own opinions , he would not have the arrogance to come down to the house and oppose those opinions against the whole cabinet of those ministers with whom , upon most other topics , he coincided ; and he was sure that that cabinet would never look to him for the subserviency of sacrificing that independence of opinion to any consideration of office ; at least if ever they