and by remedying this defect , render his motion unnecessary.—A new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a member for the borough of Carlow , in the room of Charles Montague Ormsby , esq. , who has accepted the office of Recorder of Prince of Wales island.—Mr . Rose moved , that there be 349 laid before the house , a copy of a letter from the Secretary at War to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury , respecting the supply of military stores by Mr. Trotter . After a short conversation across the table , the paper was ordered.—The house having resolved itself into a committee of supply , lord Henry Petty moved , that the sum of 300,000l . be granted to his majesty for the use of the officers and seamen who had been engaged in the late glorious battle off Trafalgar , which was ordered . The American Intercourse bill was brought in and read a first time . On the motion for the second reading . expressed a hope that the noble lord would take time sufficient to consider how this bill would affect the Shipping interest . He hoped the second reading would not be pressed forward rashly . said , that the house would do him the justice to believe that he had considered it in all its bearings before he introduced such an important measure into the house . He saw no ground whatever for the alarm which seemed to have been excited on this subject . But he did not wish to press forward the bill improperly , and therefore would attend to the suggestion of the hon . baronet , as far as respected urging it on rashly . He would fix Monday se'nnight for the second reading . was glad that the noble lord had yielded thus far , and he hoped that he would further relax and allow an investigation of facts ; if it were for no other purpose than to remove the prejudices , supposing them to be so , which had excited the alarm to which he had alluded . When they could get at the materials , it would give them great satisfaction if they could come to the same conclusion to which the noble lord had come . agreed in sentiment with the hon . baronet . He expected every hour instructions from his constituents on this point . replied , that nothing which he had heard yesterday , or at any time , appeared to him to shew any occasion for enquiry . He agreed to the delay of the second reading till Monday se'nnight , but farther he could not go.—The second reading was accordingly fixed for Monday se'nnight . rose , purely for the purpose of suggesting to the right hon . the secretary at war , the propriety of having the Army Estimates 350 printed . The resolutions founded upon them had undoubtedly been agreed to ; but as there were other important military questions to be brought under discussion , which were connected with these estimates , he thought that the estimates ought to be printed , with a view to give the house every opportunity of coming fully prepared to the discussion of them . He wished particularly to be informed , whether the enlistment for limited service was to be extended to the eight battalions of West-India regiments . was not aware of any objection to the wish of the hon . general , but that it was wholly unprecedented to order the estimates to be printed after the resolutions founded on them were voted . He could not see what information the hon . general could derive from the estimates with respect to the subject of this particular enquiry , and on this ground be could not agree to the proposition . replied , that there was a paper relative to eight West-India regiments maintained at a considerable expence . He had asked the right hon . secretary for the war department , whether these negro regiments were to be included in the limited service , but had got no answer