aspect . replied to the observations of the hon . gent. , who had not , he presumed to say , read the act of 1784 with attention , or he would have seen that the interpretation which he and others attempted to put upon it was unfounded . For , in the same clause in which the power of recalling a governor was vested in the directors , it was also vested in his majesty and council ; but this seemed to have been overlooked by the hon . member , who condemned the exercise of a power which was necessary to maintain the pre-eminence of the present state . That hon . member would have a dependent state governed without being subject to controul , and yet his brain was unwilling to admit paradoxes . It was asserted by the hon . member , that this power of recall was quite new and extraordinary ; and that it never had been exercised before , since 1784 ; but it seemed to be forgotten , that the same power had been before exercised by the directors . Yet it excited no complaint . But when his majesty ventured to use his undoubted prerogative , some gentlemen appeared to be anxious to raise a clamour against it , and , ministers thought proper to appoint a man of their own choice . But was any thing more natural than that the administration of the sovereign 's government should choose a governor for any of the dependencies in whom they could confide ? Were they not , by the statute of 1784 , armed with that power ? and did not their duty call upon them for the exercise of it ? They were as responsible for the government of India , as for that of Ireland ; and it would 1056 be as just to interfere with their appointment of a viceroy for the one as with that of a governor for the other . The governor , whose appointment had just taken place for India , would , he was persuaded , afford general satisfaction ; and this persuasion rested upon the belief that that noble lord would carry out with him to India , those principles of moderation , economy , and a strict adherence to treaties , which the house had heard so distinctly laid down by his noble friend who opened the debate , and which formed the firmest basis of every good government . Under the administration of such principles , the noble lord , no doubt , however lamentable the deficiency at present might be ; however much the hopes of the country , excited by the promises of the noble lord on the opposite bench ( Castlereagh ) , had been disappointed ; might still be able to restore the resources of India , and place its affairs on a regular , solid , and durable footing . maintained , that the tendency of the revenues of India was to augment in the manner and proportion which he had described to the house , and that his predictions were falsified by events upon which it was impossible for any man to calculate , namely , by wars which he had not in his contemplation when he made the statement , to which the noble lord on the treasury bench referred . The noble lord vindicated the grounds upon which the late war in India was commenced , the manner in which it was conducted by marquis Wellesley , and also the terms upon which it was concluded by sir G. Barlow . The removal of this deserving individual from the government of India , the noble lord condemned in the most unqualified terms . That sir G , Barlow 's character was the subject of universal praise , was quite notorious , but he could adduce a testimony to his merits , of the very highest order ; for he could state that it was the express wish of lord Cornwallis , before he went to India , that when he should have completed the object of his mission ; sir G. Barlow