, besides , a power to call for their accounts and vouchers , and to examine both with a strict attention . The fact was , the duty was suffered too much to devolve on the deputies ; but that , too , was remedied by the bill of his right hon . friend . The comptrollers of the army accounts had been always in the habit of examining all the issues to the army ; it was therefore fit and proper to make them parties to a final audit , with the objects of which they were , in many instances , so particularly conversant . It was not the noble lord who had first discovered , that the expenditure for hospital stores was not sufficiently attended to . He himself had mentioned it long since , and at the same time that there was an expence of 11 millions in the secretary at war 's accounts unexamined and unenquired into . Thus , it was not Mr. Trotter alone that was in the situation of being his own comptroller , but the secretary at war . He was in the hearing of gentlemen , in whose presence he had mentioned this to his late right hon . friend ; 304 and traces of it would be found in the Pay-office . The noble lord had stated , that there were 500 or 600 millions of the public money not perfectly accounted for . He did not blame any Individual ; but the fact was , that the delay of the examination of the regimental accounts by the secretary at war was the cause of half this arrear . With 40 clerks in this department of the War-office , he thought it strange , that these accounts were not made up . He would not say what these clerks were attending to , but he was sure they were not attending to that . The paymaster was placed in a most unpleasant situation by this deficiency , being called upon to issue money , when he was not sufficiently warranted , and whose loss and discredit might eventually fall on him . The other part of the expenditures , such as the navy , ordnance , and victualling departments , did not belong to the commissioners for auditing . Thus , then , the ostentatious statement of 500 or 600 millions in arrear , was reduced very considerably . The noble lord proposed three additional commissioners . He should be glad to appoint three and twenty , if that would expedite the audit . It had never been doubted , that the barrack accounts were subject to the audit . When general De Lancey had asked him whether they were , he answered positively , yes . Gen. De Lancey pleaded the king 's warrant ; he answered , that could not supersede an act of parliament . He had no objection to allow further powers to the auditors . If the auditors permitted their clerks to take fees , it was a great dereliction of duty . The commission of enquiry into abuses in the West Indies had been issued , because it was impossible these abuses could be investigated elsewhere . The commissioners had made their report , and it had been put into the hands of the then legal advisers of the crown . Every thing that could have been done was done . Whatever merit belonged to the newly-instituted measures , it belonged exclusively to his late right hon . friend . Till the accounts of the secretary at war were gone through , the pay-master could not possibly bring up his . One half of the arrear arose from the delay in the War-office . The auditors should have the same powers to call for and examine these accounts , that they had to call for and examine others . The responsibility of the secretary at war extended to all the money issued for the service of the army ; and it was a most aw- 305 ful responsibility in the present State of the accounts . in explanation , said , that he