allow the estimated amount of 55 the tax to stand in the way of abatements in hard cases . He never knew a secretary of the treasury that had not been adverse to every exemption from a tax , but he thought the amount of a tax not a matter so likely to be complained of , as particular hard cases . would not say much at so late an hour . The necessity of raising a large sum within the year , had been admitted , and , it had also been admitted , that this was the best tax for such a purpose , being as had been stated , superior to the original income tax . To this resource , therefore , we must look for the means of that energy which circumstances demanded . There might be some cases of apparent hardship : but equality could , in such a case , be only taken in the gross , and along with it , we must consider the efficacy of the bill . As to equality , perhaps , theoretically , a tax on capital would be the fairest , or one combining capital and income , according to various descriptions of property ; but the prodigious trouble , and the agency requisite for such a scheme , would hardly justify him in venturing to give up the . plan that had been already established . The noble lord then expressed his strong disinclination to admit any further exemptions , since 350,000l . were already lost by the concessions made . He should listen attentively to suggestions , but nothing less than the seeming general wish of the house should incline him to increase exemptions , which were mostly of greater loss to government than benefit to the individuals . He objected to the idea of taking a greater percentage from the rich than from the poor , since its tendency was to alter the order of society . The exemptions in favor of those who had children , were in reality a tax upon those who had none . It was his wish to avoid unnecessary pressure , but not to agree to exemptions which would greatly reduce the efficacy of the tax.—Mr . Wilberforce , Mr. Rose , and lord H. Petty said a few words in explanation , after which the bill went through a Committee pro forma . Progress was reported , and it was ordered that the committee should sit again on Monday . The house met at ten o'clock . Lord Beauchamp ( late Mr. Lygon ) was introduced in the usual form , and his patent of creation having been read , took the oaths and his seat.—Their lordships proceeded as 56 usual to Westminster hall and returned soon after four , when an order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord Melville the next day , and a message was sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith.— The American Intercourse bill passed through a committee after receiving some verbal amendments . The report was ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday . A message from the lords announced that they would proceed further on the trial of lord Melville to morrow.— The Secretary at War brought up a return of the number of recruits under the Additional Force act , from limited to unlimited service , from 1804 to 1806 . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Huskisson , after a few introductory observations respecting the claims of Messrs Chalmers for compensation on account of the losses sustained upon certain cargoes of Swedish herrings imported by them , in the year 1801 , said that the board of treasury had , in 1804 , considered the subject very minutely ; and although they admitted it certainly was a case of hardship , yet they were of opinion that it was not one of those which they were , in justice , bound to compensate . He concluded by moving , that there be laid before the house a copy of the minutes of the proceedings of the board of treasury on the