of our manufactures . The slaves in the West Indies were well treated in general , and formed to habits of industry . assured their lordships , that it appeared manifest to him , that the interest of our West-India colonies would be considerably advanced by this measure . informed their lordships that he , in conjunction with others ; endeavoured , .in the year 1788 , to bring the different commercial nations to a general agreement to discontinue this trade . The French revolution , however , broke out , and prevented this general extensive regulation or understanding , which appeared to him to be far more beneficial to the cause of justice and humanity than any local prohibition . considered the bill before their lordships as another instance of the infatuated disposition to sacrifice the navigation and commerce of the empire ; the object of those who looked to abolition of the slave trade would not be in the least degree answered . The measure , however , seems a curious mixture of the sentimental in respect to the trade in slaves , and of a job in favour of our old West-India settlements , for the ruin of our new acquisitions in those parts . He would not then enter into the policy of conquering , retaining , and improving , at a great expence , acquisitions which there was every reason to believe , we must relinquish on a peace ; but he must say that it is oppressive , it is faithless , after the terms we had granted , and the advantage of becoming British subjects , that we should now tell the inhabitants they should not have the means of cultivating their soil , nor of carrying on their usual commerce . In addition to the strong objections which had been urged by the noble lords who opposed the bill , he must observe , that we had little or no direct carrying-trade left , except to Africa and the East and West Indies ; and surely at the period when Americans or neutrals participate so very largely in the 236 East and West India trade ; when we are shut out from so great a proportion of the world , we should not relinquish that trade which holds out the best prospects to us . The trade to Africa is rendered odious by the insinuation of its being merely a slave trade . In the present question , the trade in slaves is perhaps the part of the least consideration ; the circuitous trade to Africa , and thence to the West Indies , is that which , of all others , we stand in most need ; it is a trade of barter which , in one voyage , gives three or four profits ; we acquire in exchange for our manufactures and other commodities , all the valuable and necessary raw materials from South Africa which we used to receive through Old Spain , paying very heavy duties ; most of which , if we could get them at all at this time , must be at exorbitant prices . He said , no human expectation earl be more vain than that a simple act of parliament could prevent the introduction of slaves into the numerous creeks of the West Indies , where every inhabitant is in favour of that introduction . But the attempt at prohibition would render the trade extremely severe and cruel in respect to the poor negro ; because , instead of a well-regulated trade , as at present , it would become a smuggling trade , subjecting them to the greatest hardships . He said , he must not go farther into the subject at that late hour . The papers on the table prove the extreme mischief that will arise to our carrying-trade and commerce , that we are daily becoming more dependent on the American states for the important article , cotton ; and that soon we should not have shipping for our carrying-trade , or for bringing borne the produce of our colonies . He said , he had lately stated to