strong and just , that the chancellor of the exchequer very properly gave way to them , and admitted such modifications of it , as necessarily annihilated all prospect or possibility of its producing any thing ; —but still he would not give up his act ; and therefore this compromise was come to between him and those who would have opposed it—they consented not to oppose the act , provided he would consent that it should produce nothing—and so it passed ; and so it will remain , he said , an ornament to the statute book ; and a happy instance , if not of productive , yet , he trusted , of harmless financial legislation . But indeed , he said , it was not only in single measures that this quality of the present administration was to be found ; if he was to ascribe to it any one marked characteristic , more appropriate to it than another , he should say it was an administration of most splen- 633 did pretence , and most inadequate and contemptible performance—of performance not only unequal to its promises , but in most instances in direct contrast with them . This character , he said , was to be traced from the first original formation , and concoction of the heterogeneous mass , through all their measures down to the present bill . What , he said , was the profession with respect to the formation of their government : it was to be formed , he said , on a broad basis , to unite all the wisdom , all the virtue , of every division of parties : and how was this performed ? The comprehension of all parties was illustrated by the total exclusion and proscription of every man who had happened to preserve his friendship , his political friendship and connexion , at least , with Mr. Pitt till his death . It might be contended , indeed , he said , that there remained no persons of abilities in that party , after the death of that great man , who were to be compared with the transceudant talents which adorned the opposite bench . But if that were so , still he could not but think that there were some amongst them , who from the habits of office at least , had acquired some useful knowledge , some experience , some facilities in the detail of business , which he doubted not , if the present administration had condescended to think worth the attention of their superior wisdom , might have rescued them from the repeated disgraces to which their inability to do business , their total incompetency for all matters of detail , had daily , and was daily exposing them . He expected , he said , from the cheers of `` hear ! him , '' from the opposite side of the house , that it was wished to ascribe this observation to some disappointment on his part , at not being honoured with a situation amongst this splendid assemblage of talents and of virtues . He was confident , however , that no man who heard him would so ascribe it . He did not , indeed , recollect ever to have professed in that house , what an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) had , as he understood , when he happened not to be present the other night , stated him to have professed—namely , that he would never form a part of such an administration : but undoubtedly , all that he had ever said on the loss of character , the disgrace , and the public mischief which he conceived to attach to the coalition of public men , with known differences on the great and leading principles of the existing politics of the day , that hon . gent . had only done justice to him , in 634 collecting from what he had so said , the sentiment which he stated him to have professed . It would indeed , he thought , have been presumption in him to