opinion from some recent publications , in which there are confident assertions founded on false facts . One of the authors I allude to has told you , that it is good to employ foreign ships in war , that we may have our own seamen for the navy . Can that gentleman tell us where , in such case , will be found a nursery for raising Seamen to man our fleets in future ? The largest proportion of your seamen certainly come from the merchants ' service , and if you dry up that source you will hereafter find the inconvenience of it , and will probably recur to a due observance of your navigation laws , when it will be too late to derive any advantage from your doing so . But however important as nurseries doing seamen the shipping of G. Britain and of her colonies is , it is not exclusively to that we are to look for resources ; the fisheries both at home and on the coasts of our continental colonies as well as at Newfoundland are very extensive and important sources ; a due encouragement given to them might be essentially useful , and afford another reason for a due observance of the navigation laws . After all I have said , however , in favour of maintaining those , I do not mean to contend they ought not in any instance to he deviated from : I could not indeed consistently do 694 so , because I have acted otherwise ; in I cases that might be beneficial to our commerce and manufactures , . and could not be injurious to our navigation , there is an act , 43 Geo . III . c. 133. s. 16. in force , to permit neutral ships to come from enemies ports , from whence , of course , no British ship can come ; and another , 42 Geo . III . c. 80. continued by 44 . Geo . III . c. 30. which repealed all the suspended acts of the last war , and confining the importation in neutral ships to the produce of foreign possessions in the West Indies , the cargoes of which shall be warehoused for exportation ; a third which admits hides and tallow under particular circumstances , is hardly worth alluding to ; some of the acts in the last war ( originating with what was called the Dutch property act ) certainly gave advantages to foreign merchants as well as to foreign ship-owners , because the cargoes imported under those in neutral ships were warehoused , and the duties not paid till the goods were taken out , either for home consumption or exportation ; the foreigners saving thereby the advance of money for the duties , and paying only for the quantities taken out , while the importers in British ships paid the duties on importation and for the whole quantities imported . My reason for believing that British ships can carry all the articles which our colonies may want , arises from very long and laborious enquiries which I have made from ship-owners both in G. Britain and in the West Indies , and others who are best qualified to give information upon the subject ; I am prepared even to enter on the detail as to the times when they should sail from this country , take in their lading in America , & c. & c. but it is unnecessary to trouble the house with these particulars : I will establish the whole clearly before a committee , if I am allowed to go to one . I will undertake to prove that the planters would be regularly supplied with all they want as early as shall be necessary , and at au extra expence , not exceeding 2 per cent . on the freight . I have only to add , that in the event of hurricanes , or other unforeseen emergencies , the governors must unavoidably have the same discretionary power to open the ports , that the government of this country always exercises in such cases at