liberty of the Romans , that people , . because they soon felt they had nothing to fight for , speedily lost their greatness , their independence , and character . The consequences the Romans experienced , from committing their country to the protection of satellites , were twofold : first , their constitution was lost ; secondly , their army degenerated , and became terrible only to their friends , while they became insignificant in the estimation of their enemies . Another reason for keeping up and improving the character of our army , arose out of-a consideration of our present circumstances with regard to France . The flower of the French , said the right hon . gent. , which is prepared to act against you , must not be opposed by the refuse of the English . I do not , of course , mean to call the generality of your army the refuse of your country ; but , certainly , you may have a better sort ; and , unless you combat the flower of the enemy with the flower of your own people , your case is perilous . But , if you will bring forward the force which it is in your power to collect , inspired with the disposition which Englishmen never fail to feel when contending for their country ; fired with that spirit which is the natural result of their constitution , with the public mind , as it were , marching along their lines , there can 496 be no doubt as to the issue of the contest . What any army are competent to , the British people are competent to , when properly marshalled ; and the right hon . secretary 's plan is calculated to produce that effect . The people are to be trained ; and thus the casualties in the army , in the event of invasion , may be filled up . By similar means , the Fabian general was enabled to maintain himself upon the Sabine hill , until he found it convenient to come down upon the enemy . If the Romans were not a military people , Fabius could not have so acted , and saved Rome ; and , if you are placed on the same footing , neither your independence nor your liberty are safe ; you must , indeed , become either a military government or a military people ; you have such an armed regular army in the country , at this moment , as leave your liberties , notwithstanding your volunteers , almost at the mercy of the crown , if a king chose to try the experiment . I know we have every security against any such attempt in the character of the present family on the throne ; but I wish to consider the king in the abstract , without considering who may be king at the time . I would exhort you to take every means of interweaving the interests of the army with your civil rights . Such conduct is necessary to maintain the character of your army , and the safety and the constitution of your country . As to your constitution , indeed , if that were gone , your national safety could not long survive ; for the spirit which results from the one is that , alone , which can preserve the other . If your constitution were no more , the conflicts to be expected between the crown and the people would speedily bring you to fight he battles of France in England . Therefore , the right hon . secretary has been wise , in so connecting the popular with the regular army , and so interesting the latter in popular rights , as to guard against such dangers as I have alluded to . This brings me to consider the assertion , that the interference of this house is an encroachment on he royal prerogative . But the annual discussion of the Mutiny bill is a sufficient anwer to that assertion . The assertion I ave alluded to , I maintain to be ,