could not procure from Britain , or her continental colonies . The consequence of this was , that , from 1784 to 1793 , about 935 British ships were employed in this trade , a tonnage of 110,000 , and about 6,500 seamen . But , in consequence of the suspension of the laws , the number of ships in the trade at last dwindled down to a very trifling number indeed . In the American trade , too , the consequence was unfortunate , for the number of ships employed were reduced to a very few . There might be other causes for this ; but the suspension of the Navigation laws was partly the cause . Now , it having been stated by the governors , that a regular supply of British ships could not be procured in time of war , from want of convoys , and other circumstances , they did , on their responsibility , permit some articles to be imported in neutral ships . In the committee of trade , however , it was proposed to put an end to this , if possible , and they had succeeded to a certain extent ; for the governor of Barbadoes , and of Jamaica too , said , that if they were supported by the government here , they had no doubt they should be able to prevail in re-establishing the Navigation laws in all their force . The disadvantage of being driven out of this trade was , that we lost a tonnage equal to 100,000 , and 6,000 seamen . He hoped that some delay would , at least , be allowed , till this subject should be completely investigated , and that the parties should be heard by their counsel , He wished , therefore , to have the matter investigated before a committee above stairs ; and if their report were favourable to the bill , it might be brought in on that report , which would not occasion a delay of more than a very few days . It had been stated to him , and that from the authority of most respectable persons , on whose veracity and judgment he could rely , that if the government of this country would grant two convoys a year , every spring and fall , ( which convoys would only require a frigate or two , and three or four sloops of war , ) the trade might still be carried on in British ships , as well as in American bottoms ; and that it would not make a difference of two per cent , in the expences ; for there were hundreds of British ships , more indeed than he dared venture to name , that were now lying in the river rotting for want of employment , and , which the owners would be very glad to 341 hire out for this purpose on very reasonable terms . He assured the committee , that he felt as much anxiety for the West-India islands , and was perhaps as deeply interested in their welfare , as any man it that house , and should he extremely sorry that any severity should be used towards them , which might operate so as to prevent them from obtaining due supplies of either food or lumber ; but he had considered the subject very attentively ; he had exerted himself in a very particular manner , to obtain information relative to it from every quarter that was likely to afford any ; and the result was , that he was satisfied in his own mind , the islands might be as well and as copiously supplied by the British ships , as they could by those of America , and therefore great care should be taken how we made any alteration , much more how we repealed the Navigation act , which this bill , if passed into a law , would effect . The next objection he had to it was , the effect it would have on the British continental colonies , which , he contended , would be very seriously