earl St. Vincent 's administration.—There were abundant supplies the time of his predecessors , and also in the time of his successors . The same navy board existed before during , and after his lordship 's administration . Soon after earl St. Vincent came into the admiralty , some material alterations were made by direction of that board , in the Rules and Regulations laid down for the receipt and management of timber in the dock yards ; and an officer was appointed in each yard , called a timber-master , to whom the whole of this branch of the service was entrusted . I do not wish to be understood , that the serious mischief which ensued , was owing to the 178 regulations themselves , but to the unfortunate interpretation which they were liable to , by the officers acting under them being influenced by a system of terror . A system which , I am sorry to say , under the administration of earl St. Vincent , was unhappily introduced into every department of the naval service , but more particularly the dock yards.—I will , in as few words as possible , state the timber-master 's duty , as I think it material it should be clearly understood . Upon any quantity of timber being offered for the navy , a purveyor , or shipwright is dispatched into the country to view the timber , where it lies ; he marks all that he deems fit for the purposes of the dock yards , upon which the merchant , or contractor , sends it to the yard . Upon its arrival there , it is the duty of the timber-master to inspect every piece of timber , and , to determine the specific purpose ( in building ) to which each piece is applicable ; which determination decides the value of the timber ; for it is paid for according to such decided qualification ; i.e . the uses to which it is applicable in ship building . If the merchant objects to the valuation of the timber-master , the only alternative he has , is to take away the timber from the yards ; after incurring great expence for carriage and freight . Now , in order to preserve a check upon this officer , an account is kept of every stick of timber , with the qualification at which it was received , and according to which it was valued and paid for ; and this very much depends on the opinion as to its capacity for conversion ; and whenever the timber is converted , the use to which it is actually applied or converted , is noted against the original entry of the timber ; so that it is seen at once whether the timber ultimately proves of superior inferior quality , of greater or less value , than that at which it was originally received ; and according to the timber-master is deemed culpable or meritorious.—I conceive , sir , that these regulations , when exercised with true spirit , are beneficial ; but when exercised by persons who do not strictly consult the mutual interest of the individual and the public , and who are in a measure awed by the responsibility of their situation , they become detrimental . Inasmuch as the interest of the timber-master is diametrically 179 opposite to that of the merchant , it is his interest to qualify the timber as low as possible and he has the power of doing it ; or if the merchant objects , the timber-master may refuse it altogether . If the quality of timber is doubtful ( and a great deal must be so ) , he will at once reject it , rather than hazard its , ultimately turning out worse than he estimated it ; the effect of which must be the refusal of a vast deal of useful timber ; it increases the scarcity , enhances the price , creates immense loss to the merchant , and finally puts a stop to the supply of timber for the navy.— That the timber-masters acted under these