proceed now . could not pretend to say what were the particular objections of his friends who had gone away . He could only state their earnest wish to be present , and that they had gone away under the persuasion he had before stated.—Upon the general voice of `` proceed now , '' the order of the day was read ; when said , that notwithstanding the reluctance he had already expressed to give any opposition to the measures proposed , or the taxes brought forward by his majesty 's present ministers , because he felt the peculiar difficulties in which they were placed , yet he had such forcible objections to this bill , that he felt it an indispensible duty to express them . He was disposed to give his noble friend , the chancellor of the exchequer , every degree of 51 credit , and although the bill , in its present shape , was certainly much less objectionable than in its original form , and would , under the modifications it had received , be much milder in its operation , still it retained many of its objectionable points . First then , its name was changed to Property Tax , which was a mere change in name but not in essence ; for the bill was , to all intents and purposes , an Income Tax still . It certainly was divested of some principles extremely obnoxious , which belonged to the original bill of the late premier . The principle of disclosure , for instance ; a principal so peculiarly galling to the feelings of Englishmen , that he was astonished how that right hon . gent , could have found arguments to persuade the house to its adoption . But there was another principle in the present bill , which he considered so unfair and unequal , that the house ought not to sanction it : namely , that of charging the same rate of taxation upon incomes that were but temporary and unstable , as upon those that were permanent and stable ; for instance , charging the same rate upon an income worth three years purchase and one worth thirty years purchase . If this point could be settled upon fair and equitable terms , much of his objection would be removed ; but he feared that the fault was radical , and that the attempt to remove it , under all its details , would be an insurmountable labour . The name of Property Tax was adopted merely as a mask , to make it go down the more smoothly with the multitude ; it was a term insulting to common sense ; the principle of disclosure in this bill would , he thought , attach upon those who would feel it most severely ; and much as the noble lord had laudably endeavoured to mitigate its operation , still it remained , and must be felt in a way extremely grating to the feelings of a great number of persons throughout the country . His next objection was to the immense number of officers employed in the assessment and collection of this tax ; men who were certainly the assessors and collectors of all other taxes , who might , with their employer , bear the reputation of very active and sedulous men in the discharge of their duty ; but whose activity , he was sorry to say , consisted very frequently in being extremely troublesome and sever upon those committed to their official attention . That such men , merely upon their own oaths , should be vested with the power of prying into the private affairs of persons in all classes , high and low , in every 52 part of the kingdom , was , he thought , extremely severe . As to the difference between the rate of 6¼ per cent . and 10 per cent . he had himself very little objection , but he had his apprehensions on general grounds , that the more the tax was raised , the stronger would be the temptation to evade it . Upon no