else . But the truth was , that the resemblance was sufficiently obvious to answer all the purposes here intended . He must therefore say , that the whole experience of the different military regulations in Europe was against their notions of the effect which limited service would have on the character of the soldier . He might , therefore , consider that point as set completely at rest . He had many direct authorities in his favour on this point , which , however , he would not at present particularly mention . Now , as to the inconvenience that would attend the discharging of men during war , he could not help complimenting the gentlemen on the other side on the extension of their views in the contemplation of distant evils . Because when he looked back on their measures , he found them all of a temporary nature . He would ask , whether they were not merely calculated to answer the purposes of the moment without any regard to the future ? Compulsion might , perhaps , have been proper in the circumstances of 432 the case . He meant to say nothing as to that ; but certainly the expedients were entirely temporary . He could not look back without recollecting how often he had lamented in that house the evident disposition which constantly appeared in it to adopt temporary shifts and expedients . Its language had been , `` Oh ! save us just now ; save us from this present danger , and pay no regard whatever to the future , let that provide for itself . '' This was imitating certain philosophers who enjoyed the present too much . But now the gentlemen said , `` For God 's sake ! take care that your measures do not prove mischievous 7 years hence . '' They abandoned their former feelings , and were now wondrously apprehensive of what might happen in future : but at all events posterity could not be injured by this plan ; because , among the advantages of it , one was , that in this view the possible evil could only arise in exact proportion to the actual good . If many men were not got , then there would be but few to discharge— [ a laugh from the opposition ] . This was a proposition so plain , that he could not conceive what the gentlemen found in it so highly diverting . And here he had heard very singular reasoning , which shewed the nature of the objections and the want of consideration on the part of the objectors . This was particularly apparent in the arguments used respecting the effects of the periodical discharging at the end of 7 years . The fact was , that this would have no effect that could justly cause the smallest alarm before a very distant period , so that he could scarcely give the gentlemen any credit for their fears . What did they suppose we should lose by this plan ? Fifteen years must elapse before we lost one-twelfth of these men , supposing that they took their discharges as early as possible . From this he had gone with his calculation to 28 years , and this period must elapse before the loss could amount to any thing that was at all alarming . He might have calculated farther , as this was a mere matter of calculation ; but having taken so considerable a portion of a century , he thought it very needless at present to carry the calculation any farther . This he said on a supposition that the period was to be 7 years only ; but when we took in the additional guard which was now provided on this point , they must be very anxious indeed who could feel any apprehensions . Now , be had said before , and would say 433 again , that the discharge of the men at end of these periods , must be considered as a sacrifice . This was following the improvements of modern life . As reason and civilization advanced