which were most important in the execution . By the treaties which lord Cornwallis was on the point of negotiating , the river Jummah was to be the western boundary of the British possessions in India . Lord Cornwallis had sent to general Lake instructions to fix that river as the boundary of that part of the conquered countries which the Company meant to retain . There was , however a most extensive district of the conquered countries respecting which the treaty , which was lately published , was entirely silent . Whatever might be the disposition of them , Holkar and Scindiah had no right to complain ; but as marquis Cornwallis had renounced the occupation of them , it would be a matter of the most serious moment how they were to be disposed of . They must be reserved for some one of the native princes ; but , until it was ascertained to which of these they were to he given , India could never be considered in a settled state of tranquillity . Under these circumstances I declare most solemnly , that if the person appointed to the government of India were my brother , or my nearest and dearest friend , I should deprecate his appointment at the present time . The Court of Directors did not insist upon the appointment of sir G. Barlow , 956 in any other light than as a temporary measure , in consideration of the circumstances of the present time . If therefore the person who should be anointed would consent to delay for six months the gratification of his ambition , I make no doubt that he would meet with no opposition from the Court of Directors . If he should , however , go out now , and raise his rank upon the unmerited disgrace of sir G. Barlow , he must feel that he goes out with the disrespect and ill-will of the Court of Directors , and he must consider how he is likely to be received in India . He must consider what effect the doctrine will produce there , that none but men of rank and title can ever hope to attain the highest offices in India . I can venture to foretell that With the degradation of sir G. Barlow , a servant who has their hearts and their confidence , all the servants of the Company in India will feel themselves degraded . I repeat again , that if my brother or my nearest friend were going to India under these circumstances , I should endeavour to dissuade him . I should tell him , that even the support of the board of controul would not balance the disgust with which his appointment would be received by the Court of Directors , and the servants of the Company in general . I should therefore most sincerely recommend to whoever may be appointed , to defer for six months the gratification of what may be a very laudable ambition ; at the expiration of that time I have very little doubt that he may go to India with the perfect acquiescence of the Court of Directors , and the good wish of their servants in India . I have nothing more to add at present , and shall conclude with moving , 1st , for Copies of all letters and dispatches from the governor-general of India to the Court of Directors , respecting the finances of the Company , and the retrenchments proposed to be made ; and when that motion is disposed of , I shall move for Copies of the correspondence between the board of controul and the Court of Directors , their chairman , and deputy chairman , respecting the recall of sir G. Barlow from his situation as governor-general . `` —Upon the first resolution being put . and remarked , that in the whole course of the noble lord 's speech , not a single word had been said which at all alluded to the resolution which was then proposed to the house . For the other resolution no ground had been stated 957 but the