be uncertain , precarious , and dangerous in its consequences . Under these impressions , sir , I attended with assiduity to the progress of this new practice as it advanced , and the result has been , that my mind has now received the fullest conviction of the vast superiority of the vaccine inoculation over that of the small pox inoculation . 884 It may be right , that I should , on an occasion like the present , submit to your notice a few of the most striking circumstances which have occurred to me as to the effects of the original mode of inoculation for the small pox . In the first place , in many cases , where the disorder takes a bad turn , not only will deformities arise upon the human countenance , but death itself , in its most awful form often ensues . In the second place , however beneficial this original mode of prevention may be to individuals , it is well known that it forms a magazine of the most dreadful evils , and that contagion , with all its baneful effects , usually follows . A reference to the bills of mortality will prove this assertion , and show to demonstration , that the number of deaths have been greatly increased since the first discovery of the small pox inoculation . In the third place , my great objection to conveying the variolous matter into the human constitution is , that it has been the means of introducing scrophula , which is a more dangerous and pernicious disorder than even the natural small pox itself ; insomuch , as that the one makes a speedy and the other , a slow progress towards , death . The numerous cases which have come tinder my own observation , since the introduction of the vaccine inoculation , have effectually persuaded me of its advantageous effects , notwithstanding the variety of opinions it has excited , and the several instances which have been adduced to demonstrate its failure . These instances , sir , I have found upon minute Investigation , have been exceedingly equivocal , and in several cases the experiment has turned out not to have been . properly performed . Where a few instances have been produced to prove that the small pox had ensued even after vaccine inoculation , they by no means tend to convince me of the inefficacy of the discovery ; for even similar cases are known to have occurred in the other species of inoculation . None of the instances , which have hitherto been brought forward by those who professed them selves to be enemies to this valuable and important discovery have had the smallest effect in creating doubts in my mind as to its ultimate success . I have no hesitation , therefore , in saying at this moment that I am fully convinced , the result of further experience will correspond completely with my most sanguine expectations . 885 I can not doubt , sir , that the country in a short time will hasten to testify further marks of its gratitude for the in estimable benefits it has received from the assiduous exertions of the respectable and learned doctor to whom this important discovery is owing . His name , I doubt not , will be enrolled by posterity amongst those 'Inventas aut qui vitam excoluere per artes Atque sui memores alios fecere merendi . ' Such are the grounds upon which I rose to second this motion of the noble lord , and I have only to express my hope that the house of commons will add some other solid proofs of its gratitude , and thereby shew the disposition in parliament to encourage all manner of discoveries which tend materially to the general benefit of mankind . —It gives me , sir , the greatest pleasure to find that the noble lord opposite me has now taken up this question . I have long entertained an anxious desire , that such an important subject should be brought into the house , through the medium of some individual in an