rid of them . You want to raise the character of the soldier , but we leave you that which will render your doing so impossible . '' But these were not the motives of the hon . gents over the way They no doubt defended this measure from the natural partiality which they must feel for a plan , in the arrangement of which they themselves had assisted . But it was said , that we argued from abuses ; this was true , but what sort of abuses ? not such as might be remedied , but abuses arising from the nature of the act , and which were absolutely necessary in its operation.—Now , this was all that the intended to have said : but the conclusion of the noble lord 's speech required a few words by Bray of answer . He lamented that the penalties were to be repaid to the parishes . In answer to that , he had only to lament that this was absolutely necessary , unless part wished to retain the act , and where the alternative was to keep it unless you repaid the penalties , the house could not hesitate long , it was another objection to the act , that it was so difficult to get rid of it . But this was the only way in which the matter could be managed . The penalties could not be exacted after the act was repealed , and unless they were paid back to those who had 16 already paid them , they would suffer the grossest injustice . This was a great inconvenience , but it was a thing there was no avoiding , and necessity must be its excuse . I was therefore a boon to the public to repeal this act , and a debt which his rt . hon . friend owed to the nation , as it was in the highest degree oppressive and vexatious , and at the same time completely inadequate to the purposes for which it was originally intended . said , that it was unquestionable that the provisions of the act had for their object to raise men , instead of which the act had only operated to raise money . In the county of Leicester , he knew that those 200 men that were stated by the returns on the table as having been raised by parish officers , were in fact only handed over by the recruiting serjeants of other corps , as men that being under size , could only be admitted in this description of force . Five guineas a man was given to a recruiting officer for getting persons of that description , and the act was never in that county considered to be any thing but an act to raise money in the parishes . The apportionment that was made of the men to be raised in the respective parishes , was not on the proportion of their population , but of their wealth and their ability to contribute . He therefore thought the act had completely failed in its proposed objects , and ought to be repealed . was astonished to hear an hon . gent . who spoke early in the debate assert , that inflammatory language had been made use of by the gentlemen who opposed the bill . Such an assertion , he conceived , never could be established to the satisfaction of the house , and therefore should not have been made . He was of opinion , that if ever there was a cause which mere than another called forth the patriotic feelings of the country , it was the present . When the rt . hon . gent . who brought in the bill now under debate , and his colleagues , first came into office , the public were elated with the hope , that some measure , beneficial to the country , would be undertaken ; but , instead of having these hopes realized , they were astonished to find that nothing which was likely to be so , was proposed ; and , in