, were by no means sanguine in this particular.—By an lion . general 's calculation of the immediate savings on a peace establishment , 740,000l . were expected to be saved in the first year : but wound that keep down , even the interest of their enormous debt ? Would it afford any resource for investment ? Might not that balance be absorbed by unforeseen contingencies ; or arrested to pay off unstated claims , in the winding up of the last war accounts ? —The noble lord , and the committee , must see , by this statement of facts , deduced from documents or the table , and authenticated by the Company themselves , how utterly impossible it was , any longer to support this anomalous mixture of trade and dominion , unprecedented , except in a solitary and calamitous instance , that of the Dutch East-India Company , whose fate he need not recall to their recollection.—The hon . member observed , that he was utterly at a loss to suggest any remedy to the distress already existing , much less to point out the means of continuing the Company 's trade , even on its present contracted scale ; for , he would state to the noble lord an important fact ; and , he hoped it would convince him it was high time to check the present system . The faculty of borrowing abroad was at an end , and the ships of the Company were actually loading home with private goods at 29l . per ton , for want of the regular investment ; while the Company , for this very tonnage , were paying 60l. , making this prodigious and unnecessary sacrifice for the sake of prosecuting their favourite plan of excluding the ships of individuals , who could gain , by navigating on still lower terms , than what is exacted upon private trade.—In this way , neutrals were suffered 1172 to encroach upon our natural intercourse with India , and to nourish , at our expence , their maritime power and commercial importance.—How long was the merchandize of the private trader to be reluctantly brought home at this immense loss ; and a fair competition between Imperial commerce , and the exertions of the British merchant withheld ? So confined was the trade of the Company , that it visited no shores but their own , while the neutral flag , as he had already remarked , ranged , unmolested , and even encouraged , from the Pacific to the Indian ocean ; and from these to every other part of the globe.—But what pressed immediately on the committee , was , the present distress of the Company , and the inevitable call on parliament for relief . How far the country was bound to answer that call , would appear from Mr. Dundas 's Letter to the Directors , at the discussion respecting the renewal of their charter ; wherein he expressed his opinion , that the debts of the Company must accompany the territory into whosesoever hands it might fall . Whether the debt had accrued , from losses in trade , or from territorial expences , the committee would now judge ; for his part , he agreed perfectly with the hon . general ( Sir Arthur Wellesley ) in his statement of the subject ; and that investment , and not war , had swelled the debt to its present magnitude.—His own chief object , in this long detail , was , to warn the noble lord of the responsibility of the country . At present , he would make no motion , but would content himself with the promise of the noble lord , that an investigation would soon take place . Certainly , such was the situation of things , that strong and decisive measures were become necessary . When the disorder was violent , strong remedies must be administered . With regard to the right and extent of interference on the part of government , he should merely quote the authority of a great statesman ( the earl of Liverpool ) , just