had at all attended to the philosophy of the human mind , must be convinced of the variety of feelings by which it was actuated ; and to provide against any defection in this useful institution , the new project now recommended was designed . It had been intimated , that there was no necessity for the bill , because the immediate danger was over . Who could look to the posture of Europe at this day , and say the times were not perilous ? Was the calamity of the hour only to be regarded , and were we not to look to future exigencies ? He admitted that the volunteers had been the salvation of the country , but was no diversion of the accumulated power of France against these islands now to be apprehended ? Were we wholly insensible to the vast augmentation of the power of the enemy ? Was Bonaparte so diligently employed in making kings , that he never turned his thoughts to unmaking kings ? We used to think the wooden walls of old England were sufficient for her defence ; wisdom had exploded this prejudice , and we were now to resort to additional means of protection . With this view the object of the bill was not to reduce the volunteers , but to do what was subsidiary to that resource . It was the grossest misconstruction both of the intentions of the right hon . gent . and of parliament , to con- 827 clude that the volunteer system was to be abolished . The act to which he had alluded of 1800 , said , that if persons would volunteer , the statute should not take effect in the district where the people so far accommodated themselves to the designs of government : they came forward under their own officers , and they were accepted by the crown . Was it to be then said , that because the king had acceded to such proposals , ministers were pledged not to adopt the present measure on the broad ground of political necessity . As to the volunteer bill , this was its auxiliary ; so also it was to the regulations for limited service . If the volunteers were better disciplined than the corps under this bill , the terms under which these were engaged were more convenient to the public service ; but the great recommendation of the plan was , that it would immediately train a large body of men , and by the succession contrived it would in time instruct in the use of arms the Whole population of the empire . It had been said , that danger was to be apprehended from calling out the population of the refuse of the capital . If any such danger really existed , it was easy to avoid it , by not requiring the services of those who were unfit to be entrusted with arms in their hands . All the arguments that were resorted to with reference to the peasantry of the Tyrol , as far as they went , were clearly in favour of the present bill ; but a fair comparison , in such a case , could not easily be drawn between the subjects of an arbitrary government and those of a free monarchy . It was said , that to draft the men raised under this bill into the regiments , was obnoxious . In case of invasion the king could order any man to take the field ; was it then to be said , that it was improper , under such a contingency , that those levies should be employed where they could be most useful ? and was it to be supposed , that on such an occasion the people of this country of right and liberty , would not be anxious to stand forward in the defence of all that was valuable to themselves and their posterity ? This bill has been erroneously represented as not recognizing the volunteers , like the former : it said , in the most distinct manner , that if a man be