endeavoured to promote a reform in the construction of the house of commons , by extending the right of voting , as far as property could be found to support it . But , in the times I allude to , that abstract principle was very far from prevailing in this house , or generally in this kingdom ; much less did it ever govern the practice of parliament . The strongest case that can be imagined , in support of the practice against the principle , or to prove the sense of parliament on the right , was that of America ; because it hardly furnished a colourable pretence for affirming , that the people who were to be taxed were really , or virtually , or even by contact or sympathy , represented in the house of commons . Yet the right , even over America , was maintained by very great authorities . I remember the Stamp act , and I believe I have read every word that was written on the merits and effects of that measure . One of the great men of that period , I mean Mr. Grenville whose principles , I imagine , will not be quite discarded or discountenanced , as long as his name shall be preserved , would hear of no disqualification , much less of a limitation to the right of taxation in this legislature over every colony or dependence of the empire . My opinion certainly has never gone that length . I think that his powerful logic led him to an indefensible , as well as a dangerous result , in practice . But it led him fairly and in earnest to his conclusion . They , who think that he had nothing to say for his opinion , are very ill informed . To say merely that it was a debateable question , is not doing justice to the great abilities , which were universally engaged in discussing it . Never was there a question so debated as that was , both in and out of parliament . Another administration , professing different principles , succeeded Mr. Grenville ; that of the marquis of Rockingham : and what was the first measure of that administration ? The , declaratory act of 1766 , by which the right of parliament to make laws to bind the colonies in all cases whatsoever , was asserted . At that time , no case was in question , but that of taxation . By a later act which passed in 1778 , the exercise of the right was given up as to America ; but the original right itself was not disclaimed or renounced . The legislature claimed it , 405 not on the principle of representation ; for how could it be seriously maintained that the Americans were , bonæ fide , represented in the house of commons ? No . The ground they took , and the only tenable ground they could take , was , that protection and contribution were reciprocal ; that America was protected , and therefore bound to contribute . Since I have had a seat in parliament , various schemes have been proposed for a reform in the election of members to represent the commonalty , and to serve in this house . Most of them a assumed it as a fact , and asserted it as a principle , that the people of this kingdom were not represented as they ought to be . After many attempts , recommended by the highest individual authorities , and the greatest personal abilities , had failed , a plan was formed , in 1792 , to try what could be done by combination . For this purpose , no little pains were taken to institute a society , called `` The Friends of the People , '' to extend the operations , and to promote the success of it . Many persons , now highly stationed in his majesty 's councils and service , were the leaders of this association : my noble friend the lord high chancellor , my noble friend the first