, who had been represented as decidedly hostile to the volunteer system . The grand object of his right hon . friend had been to establish a regular military force , equal to the demands of the country ; and if the volunteers could ever become such a force , then all the military bills which the house had , from time to time , passed , were in themselves unnecessary , and fraught with tyranny and oppression . But , in his opinion , a regular army , equal to the demands of the country , in the present situation of Europe , could never be formed without such means . The volunteers could only be considered as a subsidiary force ; and it was certainly his wish that they should remain embodied , to assist in the protection of the country , notwithstanding the alterations that were proposed to be made in their system . No man had a higher respect for the volunteers than he had ; and he should be extremely sorry were the proposed measures to have the effect of depriving the country of their services in that capacity ; though he must continue to think that the proposed savings in that part of our military system were of great importance , and at the same time not calculated to do it any injury . With regard to his right hon . friend , he must say that , in his opinion , he was the best qualified for the office which he now held , of any man in the country ; and he had no doubt , that not many years would elapse before the country in general entertained the same opinion . With respect to the levy-en-masse , it had been said that some estimate of the probable expence attending it should have been laid before the house . But calculations could not be accurately made respecting a measure which was perfectly new , and which it was also uncertain whether parliament would adopt . With regard to the time when the discussion of the plans of his right hon . friend should come on , he suggested that the report of the committee might be received the next day , and the mutiny bill might then be brought up and read a first time , and a second time on Friday next . On the first day after the recess , the bill might be discussed in a committee of the whole house , and particularly that clause of it which respected the limitation of service . Or , if this should be thought too early a day , he 321 trusted that Friday se'nnight would not be objected to . On the whole , he considered the new system proposed , as not so much productive of immediate advantage , as calculated to promote the future good of the army , and to place it on a better footing ; and he trusted that the present administration would , at no distant period , be acknowledged to have performed a great service to the country , if they should be so fortunate as to carry it into execution . entered at some length into a defence of what had fallen from his hon . and learned friend , and contended that he was not chargeable with those misrepresentations ascribed to him . With regard to the panegyric which the right hon . secretary had pronounced on his friend , it was rather curious to remark , that after he had delivered a similar encomium on an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) intimately versant in the affairs of India , that hon . gent . had left the treasury bench , and seated himself on the opposite side of the house . He thought that the military plans were introduced too tardily , and now proposed to be discussed with too much precipitation . After the long delay which had taken place since their first proposal , people were now asking whether they would take place at all or not ; and to fix on Wednesday next as