to any of the new measures proposed by the gentlemen over the way , it was most natural for them to compare it in its effects and bearings with those new measures in contemplation . Though those measures had not been specifically and individually before the house , yet it could not be supposed they should yet be ignorant of them after they had been so ably developed in a speech of four hours by the rt . hon . secretary ; else , to what purpose a speech of such length and minuteness ? He thought if fair , therefore , to view those projects as already before the house , and therefore justifiable to compare their probable effects with the effects already produced , and those still likely to be derived from the Additional Force bill . The hon . bart . then recapitulated most of the arguments he had used on a former day against the repeal of the bill , though he readily concurred with any measure that would render the life of the old soldier more comfortable ; approving , for this reason , of an additional Chelsea allowance to the soldier who retired from service , either from the length of time he had been in the army , or from any particular suffering he had experienced in the execution of his duty . While he approved of this , however , he was decidedly hostile to any thing like affluence being connected with the soldier , while engaged in the service , convinced as he was of the remarkable tendency of any such advantages to destroy discipline , to enfeeble the ardour , and diminish the spirit of enterprise in the soldier . The gentlemen opposite acknowledged , he said , that no immediate effect was to be expected from their new measure , and if no beneficial result was to 125 be expected this year , what right had they to expect such effects next year ? Were we to look then forward , he added , through a period of eight years years before we could receive any benefit from their arrangement ? This he thought a very capital objection to the repeal of the Additional Force bill , the good effects of which they had already felt . This plan had nothing immediate in it . The object was to enlist men for a shorter time , in the opinion that they would engage in greater numbers , and that on the expiration of the term , they would engage again , or others would more easily be found in their room . This was a speculation in which he was not so sanguine as the rt . hon . gent . but at all events he was averse to the diminution of the army during war . Of the fourteen general officers whose opinions had been taken on this point , eleven were decidedly against discharging the men in time of war ; the other three were not so decided , because that part of the question had not come under their consideration . It was not the practice of any country in Europe to discharge men in time of war , though their term of service may have expired . The Ordonnance of the French Monarchy in 1788 , contained an express exception to discharging the men in time of war , though their service of eight years may have expired ; they had only an additional allowance per month till the end of the war , when they were discharged . He thought the second batallions under the Army of Reserve act , and the Additional Force act , the best system for keeping up the army of this country ; and he could not consent to the repeal of the Additional Force act , until a better system was offered , than that proposed by the rt . hon . gent . He had no objection to see the experiment tried : but it should be without risking the diminution of the existing army . It was contended , that unless the practice was general ,