Dr. Jenner . Perhaps , indeed , these prejudices may be found already too deeply rooted in the minds of some few individuals to be extirpated by the combined efforts both of the college of physicians and of parliament , if we were to judge from the failure of our former sanction , in accomplishing the utmost of our wishes . This , however , I sincerely trust will not be the case , as I am one of those who , convinced of its superior efficacy by its success in foreign countries , have only to deplore that it has not met with better encouragement in our own.—The hon . gent . who spoke last recommends a certain species of compulsion , and indeed I think it is such a one as the legislature of any country may , in certain cases , be well entitled to adopt , in order to prevent contagious maladies from spreading among society . Such compulsory measures ought , however , not to be adopted except in cases of the most urgent necessity . If it really can be shewn that compulsory measures are requisite upon the present occasion , then is parliament blameable for not having adopted them sooner.—It is now common to be scandalized at seeing . the wretched and miserable objects , who are afflicted with this baneful disorder , carried about in the public streets , in the arms of their anxious and afflicted parents , mingling with society , as if no such infectious disease existed.—I know well , however , that the moment any kind of compulsion is adopted upon subjects of this sort , that moment there is a greater degree of hatred excited in the 891 public mind against what may be judiciously prescribed ; and I therefore should be exceedingly unwilling to resort to such a measure.—The mild , solemn , and considerate recommendation of vaccination by parliament being what they judge the most prudent plan to be pursued , will no doubt go infinitely further than any constraint whatever . Had the question this day related solely to the quantum of reward which parliament ought to bestow upon the discoverer of this most efficacious and beneficial practice , I should not have objected to the appointment of a committee in the manner the hon . member proposes , namely for the purpose of leaving the business entirely to their discretion . That subject , however , will be more fit for future consideration , when this previous point is properly ascertained to the satisfaction of the public . Then will be the time to remunerate and encourage that meritorious individual to whom society in general owes the utmost gratitude and favour , and who , I can not help thinking , has not yet been sufficiently rewarded for the expence and trouble this discovery has cost him . Such are the grounds upon which I think it my duty to support the noble lord in the motion he has made , and the reasons which would make me exceedingly unwilling to resort to compulsory measures under any circumstances , except those of the most urgent and dangerous necessity . in explanation , said , I should be sorry to be in any degree misunderstood as to what I have said in regard to compulsion . The rt . hon . gent . seems to suppose I meant to suggest the propriety of adopting compulsory measures in regard to the practice of the vaccine inoculation . So far from meaning that kind of constraint , I think I expressed myself so as to imply that it would be absolutely wrong . This is my most deliberate opinion . All that I meant by talking of compulsion was , that sonic particular mode ought to be prescribed for enforcing certain regulations and restrictions upon those individuals , who might in a voluntary manner submit to small-pox inoculation , such regulations being of a kind neither to be injurious nor to bear hard upon them in any respect whatever . It was alone with the intention of providing for the convenience 892 of such afflicted individuals