to follow the noble lord through the long statement which the house bad just heard , but there were some points on which he wished to make a few short observations . If the Company could pay the 500,000l . annually , they should come and state to the house that they were capable of so doing . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had annually told the house , that the Company were in an absolute state of prosperity , and now he Venture it to come forward with a proposition for this country to relieve them by guaranteeing their loans ! Mr. Dundas too , 1242 said , that it was more likely that India would come in aid of this country , than that she would become a burthen to her . All these fine predictions were however reversed , and there was now as decided a change as ever was known in this world . This was the jet and issue of all the fallacies that had been stated to the house from year to year ! Such , said the learned gent . were the statements made in this little snug party ! [ only 27 members were present ] . The noble lord called upon ministers to institute an enquiry ; but why did lie not make such an enquiry while he was in office ? With respect to the question of exclusive trade ; when that cams before the house , the learned gent . said , he should look at it as a whole , and not as the hon . alderman ( Prinsep ) had done . The house had lately been told , that the government of the country had been guilty of a breach of faith towards the army , but yet we were not permitted to say that the Company were in a state of insolvency . What was insolvency but an inability to pay debts ? And that he insisted , was the present state of the India Company . The Dead Stock , every stick and stone had been put together , and set off against a debt that might come upon them at a day 's notice . In the name of common sense , how could this be the case , unless there was a deficiency of the means of the Company ? Something must be done , he ventured to say , and that speedily . Whether what the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) proposed , or whether what had been suggested by the hon . alderman , he did not say , but he could not put his trust in the noble lord , after the many years fine prospects that had been held out by him . said , that he concurred ( notwithstanding his interrupting him as to putting questions ) with the learned doctor in the opinion , that the Company ought to give some account of the payment of the six million charter-money due , which at best ( as stated by hint and another member Mr. Martin ) was a sum suspended , and as such could not be done away with , and it amounted to a sum , which , if paid , would relieve the public from that grievous and grinding tax , the Property Tax , which had been increased in bitterness and oppression by the ungracious mode , per saltum , of laying it on . He had often heard the late president of the board of controul ( now lord Melville ) , state amidst his lavish praises of the Company 's affairs , ( while the figures told a different story ) the immense sums 1243 which the mother country might soon expect from India . Has it ever come ? Will it ever come ? Must not ( for that is the dread ) the mother country bleed to support he offspring ? The learned doctor observes this is a `` snug party '' to discuss topics in , a snug party of pleasure with all his heart said the hon . member , but this was a disgraceful