as not to have it supposed that he had shrunk from his duty , which would have been , indeed , most criminal , at a time when the people were united in one great and common cause , and were ready to submit to any privations for the welfare of the state . On the grounds he had stated , he should oppose the motion for the amendment . supported the amendment . He disclaimed every wish to oppose ministers , except in such cases as he thought their measures of a mischievous tendency . Could he be persuaded that some fate measures would be substituted in room of the bill proposed to he repealed , he would immediately abandon his objections , however unanswerable he might think them ; but the silence of ministers on this subject , after they had so long a period for deliberation , was in the highest degree unaccountable . Another strong argument also , notwithstanding his attachment to the bill , would have great influence with him , could he be convinced that any other salutary measure would be adopted , to abandon his opposition ; which was , his conviction that no measure , however good in itself , could be attended with its full success in the hands of persons who were hostile to it . Till he was assured , however , that some measure was to be adopted , he felt himself obliged to give the repeal his negative in the strongest terms . As a compulsory measure , his lordship thought the present the least oppressive . If it had not succeeded so well till the beginning of this year , as had been stated , the circumstance must be attri 281 buted to the bill not being understood sufficiently till that period . The moment it was understood , it had had all the success its , most sanguine supporters could have wished . He was afraid the present ministers in repealing this bill , would apply to the army the remedies of doctor Sangrado , by bleeding it , and giving it warm water at the same time . This was not a likely means of improving , the strength and vigour of the patient . contended , that the act was impracticable ; that it operated a tax upon the different parishes . He explained and justified the conduct of the lieutenancy of the county of Lancashire , where every effort was made , but in vain , to give effect to it . He maintained that the increase that had latterly taken place , was not owing to the bill being better understood , but to the means the late government had taken by their missionaries , sent to the different districts , to direct men to be raised by any means , and that thus , in the very raising of those men , the law had been grossly violated , and the practice of crimping encouraged . argued against the measure , and maintained the necessity of repealing the act on account of its inefficiency , even if nothing was brought forward in its place . It had in his opinion , no thing of compulsion in it , but vexatious expence and inconvenience . wished that miniters , instead of acting upon the defensive , had come boldly forward and suppoted the whole of their intended plan ; but here seemed a reluctance in his majestys ministers in that house to uphold the ld and visionary theories of his majesty ' ministers out of the house . The consequence of the repeal of that act would me that the Army of Reserve act , a measur he would acknowledge of much energy , and which did great honour to the talents o the noble viscount who was at the head of his majesty 's councils , would be repeal also . observed , that , from a conviction of the inadequacy of the Army of Reserve at , one of the measures of the last adminiration , of which he formed a part , was to bring in a bill