had stated it as one of the objects of the alteration , to compel the public accountants to bring in their accounts to be audited . It was not from the three new Commissioners , or even from twenty-three , that he Would expect much benefit , if there Were not an alteration of the principle and of the system . in answer to some allusion made by a right hon . gentleman , to his having supported the original auditors , lord Bute and lord Sondes , said , that he considered it not very fair to quote against any member of the house the speeches which newspapers might have put into his mouth about twenty years ago . said , that he conceived the cause of the delay in examining the public accounts was , that the concerns of the country had grown too great for those arrangements which might have done twenty years ago . About 20 years ago , as he was informed , ten or twelve clerks were all that were kept in the War-office ; whereas , at present , there were filly or sixty , and that number was found unequal to the business . Regimental accounts were things which required very minute and accurate examination ; and there were now near 10,000 regimental accounts which were either totally unexamined , or examined in a very cursory manner . He did not , however , think that any blame was imputable to any body . if he were disposed to criticise the speech of the noble lord , he Would say , that it appeared rather to have been made with a view ad captandum vulgus . it appeared like catching at popularity , by suggesting blame when none was imputabla . stated the manner in which accounts Were examined in the War-office , and in which Mr. Trotter 's accounts had been examined . At the War-office , they only compared the account sent in with the vouchers , and only saw that the order was issued , and the articles furnished . This mode of examining accounts was very far short of what was now proposed by the noble lord . thought he Should be wanting in the duty he owed to those who had been employed in the War-office , when he was at the head of that department , if he were to hear it said , unanswered , that there were 30 or 40 clerks at the War-office , 306 whose duty it was to examine those accounts , but how they employed themselves the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) could not tell . He had witnessed the great zeal and activity of the persons employed in the War-office , and was convinced , that if the arrear increased , it was merely because it was impossible for them to get through all the business that came before them . in explanation , said , that he did not mean to say , generally , that the persons in the War-office neglected their duty ; but only that this part of their duty , the examining of accounts , had not been performed . vindicated the conduct of the persons employed in the War-office , who , as he conceived , strained every nerve in the execution of their duty ; but the great increase of business was such , that the existing establishments were not equal to it . confirmed this statement , and said , that the difference between the business 20 years ago , when he had held the same situation , bore no more proportion to the business now , than that of the most inferior tradesman to the first-rate merchant . thought that the remarks of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) had been taken up in a manner which they did not warrant . What his right hon . friend complained of was , that the business had been arrested in the offices to which he had referred , which complaint had not been controverted ; and therefore he thought the suggestion of his right