they were foolish people who complied with the act , and the wise people were those who paid no attention to it ; for those parishes who raised men had deprived themselves of so much of their population and their wealth to no purpose . It would be an exceedingly bad precedent to make the breach of a law more profitable than the observance of it . In some cases , indeed , he knew it was impossible to comply with this law , for the apportionments were so strange , that some parishes had only three-fourths of a man to find , and he knew two parishes that had but one man to find between them , and the apportionment was , that one was rated at nine twenty-fourths of this man , and the other at fifteen twenty-fourths . In such cases the parishes had no option but to find the money . admitted that the clause was certainly not without some inconvenience , but the question was now only , whether any less inconvenient mode could be pointed out . There were three ways in which the house might proceed ; either to retain the penalties paid and remit the remainder , or to suffer the bill to continue , or to remit the penalties due , and to refund those paid . The first was liable to weighty objections , though he did not think as highly so as others . As to the feeling that those parishes might entertain , who had raised men , he could not entirely enter into the 70 feelings of those who required that , to console them for their sufferings , others should suffer too . `` Solamen miseris socios habuisse doloris . '' If the question were about stopping an infectious disorder , a yellow fever , or a plague , and it should be said , that , as one half of the people had already died of it , it was but fair and just to let the other halt die too , he could by no means admit the force of that argument . There was no reason to suppose , that it was from any reluctance , or ill will , that the parishes did not find their quota , and if it was only because it was impossible to get the men , it would be unfair that they should be fined on account of this impossibility . If those parishes , who raised some men , did it by a breach of the law , there was no reason that they should be rewarded for that breach of the law , and if the others did not raise them because they would not break the law , it would be hard that they should be punished for not breaking the law . Dr. Moore had told a story of a review at Berlin , where a soldier , whose hat was blown off , was severely Punished , and although it was an unavoidable accident , yet it was observed that such accidents occurred seldomer after that time . It was perhaps in the same kind of way that some gentlemen supposed that whatever might be the cause of the parishes not producing the men , it would be the best way to punish them . The parishes however had shewn the greatest readiness to do all that was in their power to do , which was the paying the money As to the men , it had generally been found impossible to procure them according to the act ; and the counties of Denbigh , Anglesea , and other places which had furnished their quota , had only been enabled to do so by sending to Manchester and other manufacturing towns to get the men in the usual way . It was certainly odd , that the hon . gentlemen , who had so often said that they wanted men , and not money , .now thought it right to inflict so excessive a burthen upon the parishes , as the fines amounted to . But , having once got the