professions of candour and manliness , he had , on several occasions , endeavoured to let loose unwarrantable insinuations ; and that , upon this occasion in particular , he had by a side-wind , and under the pretence of moving upon public grounds for public documents , offered an insinuation of the lowest class or description , and such as ought to awaken only the lowest class of feelings . It was true , one of the gentlemen he had so pointedly alluded to was his relation , and he obtained for him the post alledged . In this he did not conceive himself have departed from the constant usage of office ; for if men , on coming into office , had relations , friends , or connections , as competent to subordinate employments as perfect strangers could be , he not only thought it admissible , but perfectly right , and in some measure , incumbent upon them , to provide for persons of such description . But did the right hon . gent . presume to say , or would he venture even to avow an insinuation , that he ( Mr. W. ) had , on this account , acted towards Mr. Lukin , his relation , with any degree of partiality or indulgence , different from what he should have done by any other man ? he believed , the right hon . gent . with all his candour and boldness , would not venture such an assertion . He was not responsible for the conduct of Mr. Lukin , or of the other gentleman who had been mentioned , though he was confident , that he might very safely assume such a responsibility , as he was sure their conduct and their accounts , would be found perfectly correct . But it so happened , that the circumstances were not as insinuated by the right hon . gent . that Mr. Lukin 's accounts were settled while he was in office ; it was a considerable time after . Mr. Lukin 's anxiety to have his accounts settled in the office with which his business was transacted , and where , he was always told , his accounts would be settled , instead of being handed over to the auditors of public accounts , liable to all the delays he would have there to encounter , was but a very natural feeling ; and on his ( Mr. Windham 's ) quitting office , Mr. Lukin certainly did solicit him to use his influence to have the settlement of those accounts expedited ; but he had declined all interference , and told Mr. Lukin they must take their course in the ordinary way . He had no objection to the production of the papers , but a great one to the manner in which the right hon . gent . had conveyed his insinuation . `` That there be 617 laid before this house , an Account of money issued in each year to Messrs. Thornton and Power , of Hamburgh , or to any other person or persons , which were by them , or any of them , paid over to the right hon . William Wickham , or to some person or persons , to be expended under his authority ; shewing the amount of the total sums for each head of service , and by whom the same is to be accounted for . '' ( who , on account of some infirmity in his leg , was permitted to speak sitting ) felt it necessary , after the pointed allusion made to himself , to explain his conduct . The official situation in which he was placed during the continental war , was not , as stated by the rt . hon . gent . that of a commissary . He was attached to the army of the archduke as his majesty 's plenipotentiary , and was charged with negotiations for subsidizing troops . For the pay of those troops , he was officially acquainted , that a large sum of money was deposited in the Bank of