for the army than at present ; or even could he think , that so great a number of men could be obtained , as were induced to inlist under the present system , by which all idea of quitting the service was banished from their minds ? He really had no hostility against his majesty 's ministers ; but he thought that he should ill discharge his duty , if he did not deliver his sentiments , whatever they might be , on so important an occasion as the present . Government must , of course , have better information on the subject than he had ; but , for his own part , he did not know of any expedition that was now going forward against the enemy ; and if the fact was so , that there were not , at present , any great military exertions in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers , he would advise them to try the ordinary means of recruiting for at least another year ; then , if it was found that those 446 means failed , it would be competent to ministers to come down to parliament , to state the fact to the house , and to bring forward any plan which they might , by that time , have more deliberately weighed in their minds . Having thus conscientiously delivered his sentiments , and having entered his protest against this innovation on our military system , he washed his hands of the measure ; and , whatever might be the dangerous consequences of it , ministers would be responsible for their own impolicy and precipitation . rose , principally for the purpose of replying to that part of the speech of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , which regarded colonial service . He would admit that it would always be necessary to keep a considerable part of the regular army in the East Indies , perhaps not less than 21,000 men . The waste of that army he would calculate in the proportion of one to seven , so that , upon the average of seven years , about 3000 men would be requisite to make up for the consumption . It would be necessary to send frequent supplies of men to keep up the strength of these corps . The expence , therefore , of sending home the men who chose to take the benefit of the conditions under which they entered would be very inconsiderable , neither would the inconvenience be so great as the right hon . gent . seemed to imagine it was . For his part , he could not say that he very much admired the humanity of gentlemen who would not allow the men who were fighting the battles of their country , who were risking their lives daily by the severity of a climate to which they were before unused , and by the dangers which are inseparable from a soldier 's life ; he could not really have the most favourable opinion of the minds or dispositions of gentlemen who would not allow one-fourth of these men to have a chance of returning to their native country . The number to be sent home would never amount to more than something from 700 to 1000 men annually . Should men be banished for life like felons merely because of some trifling inconvenience , after they had honourably served their country ? Some regiments had been , to his own knowledge , 20 years abroad : should none of these be allowed to return , unless they were sent home as cripple , for the remainder of their days ? Of the West Indies he should say but little , everyone one knew , that some alteration was necessary in 447 that quarter . It had been asked , what would be done with men who might be sent out on any sudden emergency to repel any attack of the enemy , on our islands for instance ? The shortness of the term for which it would be necessary to continue their