consider as a debt belonging to the territories , as the sum , when repaid , whatever it was , ought to discharge an equal amount of debt.—If this statement were sufficient correct for the purposes of reasoning upon , of which he thought no doubt could well be entertained , however the detail might , on a closer inspection , be varied , two observations naturally suggested themselves which it was important to remark , not only with regard to the past but the future management of the Company 's affairs : First , the extent of Debt which had been contracted , and Secondly , that the entire increase had taken Place abroad , 1233 The obvious disadvantage of providing those extraordinary funds abroad , winch either the political or commercial service of the Company might require , at an interest nearly double that paid for money in Europe , at first sight might seem to call in question the prudence with which the Company 's affairs during that period had been conducted ; but , it was due to the Court of Directors , and to those who then presided over the Indian administration , to state , that the most serious obstacles stood in the way of their raising any considerable sum in the market at home , nearly throughout the entire of that period . He dwelt the rather on this point , as it , in principle , Connected itself immediately with the remedial measures hereafter to be recommended . with respect to the past , there was every reason to presume ( to such a degree was the market at home preoccupied by the publick loans , ) that the Company had then no other option but to borrow abroad . The serious evil however of raising money at 10 and 12 per cent . exclusive of a bonus to the subscribers , ought to suggest , for future consideration , if the requisite loans can not , either in the whole or in part , be raised in time of war in Europe , and remitted to India ; whether the amount of the money borrowed abroad ought not to be kept down as much as possible , even at the inconvenience of some reduction of the usual extent of the investment . He was fully aware of the importance of giving at all times the utmost support to the industry and prosperity of India , by the purchase of its manufactured produce ; and of the objections to any check being given to the fall employment of the company 's Shipping ; but , if the funds for both the commercial and political services can not be found at such a period , on terms less ruinous , it was of the last importance that the amount raised by loans abroad , should be kept within the narrowest limits possible.—He was aware that the extent of Extra Funds which he was led to suppose bad found their way into the commerce , more particularly in Europe since 1793 , did not quite accord with the account of value transmitted to , and received from India during that period from which his hon . friend ( Mr. Grant ) had made his statement . He was not able to follow the items of the account so far as to judge whether it gave India credit not only for its ordinary advances on account of Europe , viz . to Ceylon , to the navy , to the Company 's ships , & c. but also for the very 1234 large advances advances on account of government , with interest due thereon , which had been a subject of enquiry and settlement in the course of last session , or whether it gave credit for the commercial charges abroad not added to the invoices , and also for the funds remitted to Bencoolen , St. Helena , & c. which must be considered chiefly as commercial advances . It would require much pains and attention to reconcile these several accounts , and from the whole to deduce a consistent and satisfactory result .