himself from the house during the discussion . His lordship then withdrew , and Lord Ellenborough called in the counsel , and heard Mr , Alexander for 328 the appellant . The further consideration was then postponed till the next day.— The lord chancellor having resumed the woolsack , the Irish Butter bill was read a second time , and committed for the next day.—The Franking bill passed through a committee , and was reported . On the motion for the third reading of this bill , rose and apologized for troubling their lordships ; but , having been a member of the two administrations in which the bills were passed , which were now proposed to be repealed , he thought it his duty to state shortly his reasons for voting on the former night against this measure . The Additional Force bill , he observed , had been resorted to in consequence of the enormous price which at length came to be given for substitutes under the Army of Reserve act , and , compared with the latter act , with respect to penalties , it was lenity itself . He could not , however , conceive the reason why the penalties under the Additional Force act were to be given up , and the money already paid into the Exchequer to be returned , whilst , at the same time , the fines remaining under the Army of Reserve act were to be enforced ; which latter act was also repealed by the present bill , though scarcely a word had been said about it . He would not advert to measures which were not before the house , or to places which had not been mentioned in that house ; but if the army was to be left for its supply to ordinary recruiting , such a measure was directly in the teeth of the experience of several years past , and , he was convinced , would be insufficient for the intended purpose . He could not help also remarking , that notwithstanding the charges against the administration of which he was a member , of weakness and inefficiency , yet those who had succeeded them had proposed the repeal of a measure for recruiting the army , without being prepared to bring forward any substitute in its place . thought the noble and learned lord had misconceived the provision in the bill , relative to the fines under the Army of Reserve act , which , in his opinion , only applied to the fines imposed upon the parishes , for the non-appearance of men after they had been balloted , and not to any other description of penalties . was still of opinion , that the 329 provision applied to penalties imposed on the parishes for not providing the men . expressed his surprise , that the noble and learned lord should make an objection to a particular clause in the bill on the 3d reading , after suffering it to pass through the committee sub silentio . With respect to nothing being said about the Army of Reserve act , it was an omission of his own on the former night ; but he could not conceive it possible , that any man in the kingdom , much less any noble lord in that house , could entertain an opinion , that the Army of Reserve act ought now to be enforced . When that act came up to the house , he was one of those that opposed , thinking it was pregnant with dangerous consequences . He was willing to admit , however , that it subsequently proved efficacious , although extremely oppressive . That act was , however , Completely functus officio ; and it was in order to prevent its being in force after the repeal of the Additional Force act , that words were introduced to repeal it ; and that it ought to be repealed , was , he thought , a point perfectly and clearly established , as to be carried into effect now , it must be nugatory and oppressive . To give up