the country secure . Why then resort to compulsory means , when we had already a sufficient force , and when the country was already secure ? To resort now to such a bill as the present , would tend to dishearten and discourage that voluntary force , to whom the country were so much indebted , by telling them that they were of little use ; that , notwithstanding all their zeal and ardour , it was still necessary to resort to compulsory means to ensure the security of the country . He did not mean to insinuate that noble lords on the other side had any wish or intention to discourage the volunteers ; but declarations had been made , which had gone forth to the country , and which certainly tended to damp the ardour and the spirit of those who had so loyally and so patriotically stepped forward in the hour of danger , to take up arms in defence of the country . How was such a force as the present to be properly disciplined ? How was it to be officered ? No means were pointed out by which such a force was to be rendered really efficient . A great expence would be incurred in carry- 1086 ing the provisions of the bill into execution ; an expence for which he had not the least doubt that 400,000 volunteers might be provided , properly armed , accoutred , clothed , and officered ; a force which , it was needless to say , would be of a much superior description to that which would arise out of the present bill . There was , besides , another objection to the present measure , arising out of a bill of a similar nature , brought forward at the commencement of the war ; in which it was provided , that if a number of volunteers came forward , equal to six times the number of the militia , the compulsory provision of training should not he resorted to . Considerably more than that number of volunteers did come forward , and now , notwithstanding that , a new bill was brought in , to carry into execution a compulsory mode of training , and thus to substitute a force which was not known , nor ever had existed in the country , for one which had been already tried and found efficient . He was thoroughly convinced that nothing had tended in a greater degree to silence the boastings of the enemy , and shew him the futility of his schemes against this country , than that zeal and patriotism which had been so eminently evinced by the volunteers ; and he appealed upon this subject to a noble lord ( Moira ) on the other side of the house , who , when commanding in Scotland , spoke in the highest terms of the quality and efficiency of that description of force . If , then , as he contended , the volunteers were an efficient force , where was the necessity of resorting to a measure for training a large portion of the population of the country to arms ? The volunteers were , in fact , the trained population of the country , and trained in a manner greatly superior to the training which would be carried into effect under this bill . He agreed in the policy of training young men to arms , and making it a part of their education ; but he thought it would be much better to give up the present bill , which could not , at any rate , be carried into effect for some time to come , and next session a bill might be brought in with provisions more adequate to the intended object . said , the viscount agreed in the necessity of having a , large efficient force under the present circumstances of the country ; the only difference of opinion between them was as to the quality of that force . He had been appealed to by the noble viscount with respect to what 1087 was formerly uttered