, and even 20 per cent . He objected to the proposed drawback , as greatly too small . Government had estimated that this would amount to 150,000l . but the manufacturers calculated that 266,000l . would be requisite . On the whole , he must say , that the county which he had the honour to represent looked forward with alarm to the decision of that house . Facts had come to his knowledge within a few days which proved , that , even at present , some of the German manufacturers were able to furnish their articles cheaper than they could be produced in this country , and the tax would tend still more rapidly to drive us from the foreign market . The hon . member then took a view of the quantity of iron used in canals , bridges , ship-building , and agriculture , in all which the tax would severely operate . If the requisite sum could be raised in another way , why impose it on a manufacture of universal application ? The hon . gent . then concluded a very able speech , by declaring that he should think himself bound to oppose the tax in every stage . expressed his surprise that the landed interest should so readily have consented to the tax on husbandry horses that had been rejected last year , which would certainly bear exclusively on a particular class of society . He was aware of the pressure of the tax then under consideration upon agriculture , but when he considered the circumstances of the country , such a tax extending to the whole of the country ought to be preferred . in explanation observed , that he did not think the farmers would gain any thing by the present tax , in preference to the other , except the satisfaction of thinking that others were subject to it as well as themselves . He suggested that a tax on footmen might perhaps be productive , and as little injurious to the country as any other . contended that it was a principle of taxation to lay the tax on articles that were most diffusive , and consequently would be most productive . He did 82 not think a tax upon servants as suggested by the hon . member , would be either eligible or productive . It seemed to be argued , that because the persons employed in the iron trade contributed to the encrease of other subjects of taxation that , therefore , their individual trade should be exempted . If so , servants had an equal right of exemption , as had every person in the community . It was thought that necessaries ought not to be taxed , and that every thing should fall on luxuries . He remembered to have heard it remarked , that where there were ten sons , the best way of providing for the nine was to allow the estate to remain with the eldest , and the youngest brothers to depend on him . In the same way did he regard the idea of taxing luxuries . All the papers before the house showed that the opposition to the bill came from the manufacturers , not the consumers . As to foreign consumption , it consisted with his own knowledge that the tax could have little effect it was not the quantity , but the quality of our manufactures which was looked to . If we talked of exempting necessaries from taxation , we must give up every resource and tax nothing . The use of iron for the purpose of agriculture had been mentioned as an objection to the tax ; but the consumption of that article , in this respect , was trifling , when compared with its consumption in our West India plantations , where it was used instead of copper for boilers and other culinary purposes . He contended that the present tax would not affect our articles of hardware in the foreign market , as the demand for those articles did not depend on their price , but arose from their superior quality