more ample disclosures of delinquencies which came to his knowledge ; then , and not before , charges were made against him by the party who had been injured in consequence of the discovery he had made ; and he was dismissed without any opportunity being allowed him for his vindication , without being heard in his defence , or confronted with his accusers , as he had intreated . [ Here Mr. Paull read a copy of a letter from Mr. Atkins to the secretary at war , acknowledging the receipt of his letter of dismissal , expressing his astonishment , and requesting to be confronted with his accusers ; and the secretary 's answer , declining that proceeding , and alleging it not to be the usage of the office . ] Mr. Paull added , if this gentleman was to be dismissed for only making a disclosure which he conceived to be his duty ; it others were not also dismissed upon the same ground , it must be considered a severe hardship and injustice inflicted upon an unfortunate gentleman with a family of six children , and to whom he thought some reparation ought to be made . The Secretary at War answered , that it was to the barrack-master-general , and not to him , that Mr. Atkins ought to have appealed ; and that the papers produced would contradict almost every word which had been alleged by the hon . gentleman . thought it extremely severe and unjust to have punished Mr. Atkins upon the affidavit which was alleged as the ground of his dismissal , without hearing him in his defence , and when there were three other affidavits in direct contradiction to that upon which he was dismissed.—The papers were ordered to be printed . moved the order of the day for resuming the debate upon the subject of his Financial Propositions ; which order being read , the hon . gent . observed , that the resolutions which he had to move upon this subject differed so little front the state of the public debt , as laid down by the noble chancellor of the exchequer , and agreed so closely with his statements in all the general results , that it was hardly worth troubling the house by going into a minute detail on 1193 the subject . There were , however , one or two points which called for observation . On the commencement of the present war , a hope had been pretty strongly stated on the other side of the house , by a right hon . gent. , that the war might be carried on without any new increase of the public debt ; and yet it now appeared , that , notwithstanding the ample increase of revenue which had been voted as war-taxes , and the new heavy burthens imposed upon the country , the public debt had been increased 70 millions within the last four years , although the product of the war-taxes , within that time , had exceeded their estimates by two millions . He did not wish to expatiate farther upon this subject now , in the absence of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) , who had held out to the house and to the country this flattering hope , which he ( Mr . J . ) foresaw at the time was not likely to be verified . Another subject for observation was , that , notwithstanding the productive success of the war taxes , and the very advantageous loans that had been made since the commencement of the present war , yet , comparing the four years of the present war with the last four years of the preceding , it would appear , that the loans made in both were very nearly equal ; for in the former , the sum borrowed in four years was 69 millions , and in the latter , 67 millions , while the quantity of stock at market remained still pretty much the same —The hon . gent . then proceeded to move his resolutions , which