that the Mutiny bill ought not to be clogged with those clauses ; but that they should be the subject of a separate bill , and thereby ample time allowed for discussion . The right hon . gent . had affected to ridicule the arguments of those who had before complained of delay in bringing forward those propositions , and now complained of the precipitancy of urging them to a decision : but he would ask , was it not much more ridiculous for those who had so tardily protracted their own proposition , to endeavour to atone for their delay by an unwarrantable precipitancy , in hurrying the house to a decision upon a measure without time to discuss it . Such was the consequence of that miserable botchery of legislature , so disgraceful to ministers , in twice successively coming forward with a Mutiny bill for a month , instead of taking , as he had advised the secretary at war , two months for the last Mutiny bill at once , which would have afforded ample time to discuss those propositions ! But he not only complained of the precipitancy with which the house was pushed to a decision ; but that they were called on to decide , without 480 being allowed that light upon the subject , which the opinions received from military officers of distinction , by his majesty 's ministers , would have reflected . He argued , that the great majority of those officers were decidedly against the discharge of men in time of war ; and that the opinions of marine officers , and still more especially of artillery officers , had not been consulted ; although it was their unanimous opinion , that the discharging men at the end of seven years would be the ruin of their corps , who would only have completed their training by that time . The hon . and learned member then proceeded to compare the expences at which the country would derive the services of the soldier for a hinted period , with those which it now paid for the services of the soldier for life . In the latter case , the highest bounty was but 16 guineas ; upon the former , though the hon . gent . had not condescended to name any rate , yet it could not be presumed less than 12 guineas ; and then 5 guineas for renewal of bounty at the expiration of 7 years . The weekly sixpences on the second 7 years , would amount to 9l . 2s . ; then the renewed bounty for the last 7 years , reckoned at only 3 guineas ; the weekly shillings would add 18l . 4s . more . The soldier , then , supposing he inlisted at twenty , would be aged forty-one years when he would be entitled to his discharge and pay for life , at per day ; which , reckoning it only at eight years purchase , and adding it to the former sums , would amount to a bounty , or bonus , altogether , of 230l . per man ; while , at present , the country derived the unlimited service of the soldier , for life , at a total expence of only 16 guineas ; and supposing the soldier , in the former instance , to claim his discharge at the end of 14 years , he would then have stood the country in 80l , or 90l . ; considering , therefore , the comparative expence as enormous , and the adoption of such an expence wholly unnecessary , as the country already possessed ample means of recruiting its armies without , he should oppose the motion , —The committee then divided on bringing up the clause : For the clause 254 ; Against it 125 ; Majority 129 . Upon our return into the gallery , we found the house in debate , which lasted till half past six o'clock . The ministers wished to have the clause read a second time . No less than seven divisions took place ; four of