a deficiency to a considerable amount . It was not intended that this report should remain a dead letter . Directions had been given to the Law officers of the Crown to take the most active steps for the recovery of the money , and if any delinquency should occur , that the necessary measures should be taken for punishing it ; because it appeared to him that where any delinquency , existed , the bare recovery of the money was not sufficient : for if persons could keep public money for many years , and then when the circumstance , 41 was found out , merely be called upon to pay the money , it would really be giving something like encouragement to such conduct , There was another sum which he hoped to have looked to this year , in aid of the Ways and Means of Ireland , and that was the balance due to Ireland upon the joint contribution , amounting to 860,000l . But upon examining the accounts for last year , it appeared that the excess of payment on the part of G. Britain was 560,000l . and the remaining 300,000l . was absorbed by the money advanced by England for the payment of the Lottery Prizes . He would not trespass any longer upon the time of the Committee . and he begged to return his thanks for the attention with which he had been favoured . He then concluded with moving the first Resolution . said it might naturally be expected that he should make some observations on a subject with which he was lately so much connected , and even alluded to in the speech of the rt . hon . baronet . He expressed great satisfaction in hearing that the Finances and Trade of Ireland were now in the flourishing situation represented ; but he felt regret , at the same time , in having to state , that till within these four years the exports had produced more , and therefore left the balance against us . If however , it was true , that since the year 1792 the exports were never greater than in the last year , and that the imports were also increasing , they would be likely soon to bring back the balance in our favour . The rt . hon . baronet said , that his intentions were to raise the whole quota of Ireland , for the present year by Loan , without any War Tax , or means of raising any considerable portion of the Supply within the year . If so , there was an alarming prospect of the growing debt , which he feared the country would be unable to support . In the year 1797 the Debt of Ireland Was 7,000,000l . and , proceeding in the same ratio of increase , in the year 1807 it would be 64,000,000l . ; the disparity would be very striking , if that increase were compared with what took place in the Debt of England since the Union . When that event occurred the debt of Ireland was only 32 millions , and this year it was nearly double . The Debt of G. Britain was 460 millions , and was now no more than 548 millions , which the house must perceive not to be by any means in the proportion of seven and a half to one , which was the quota settled for the contribution of Ireland . It was therefore the interest of G. Britain , as well as Ireland , to take the best means of 42 keeping down the debt of Ireland ; as when the period equalizing the joint contribution should arrive , that debt would fall upon the finances of this country . This he only stated at present , for the purpose of shewing the necessity of raising a great portion of the expence by taxes within the year . In the present year , two millions were raised for the service of Ireland , by loan , but it must be remembered , that one half of it was supplied