`` —The question being now loudly called for , on the third reading of the bill , the house divided ; Ayes , 35 ; Noes 24 ; Majority for the bill , 11. rose and moved to postpone , till Friday , the further consideration of the India Budget . felt it his duty to call the attention of the house to this most important subject ; and to express his astonishment , that affairs of such vital importance to this country , as those of India , were to be discussed in such thin houses as this business had hitherto been . Whether the India Company were to be continued by a renewal of their charter , or not , their affairs ought not to be treated with so much levity , with so thin an attendance of members , and , more especially , without the attendance of his majesty 's ministers . Their affairs , as he was taught to understand , were in a most embarrassed and deplorable situation , almost , indeed , upon the brink of ruin . It was declared in that house , that a loan , to an inconceivable amount , would be requisite to support them ; but , whether this was to be a loan of 7 millions , or 17 millions , or what not , he thought the subject was one of too much importance to be discussed in that house , without a full attend- 1188 ance of members ; and , by the blessing of God , as he never would leave it in the power of his majesty 's ministers to say he did not attend , he would make a point of taking some measure to stop the proceedings in every stage , unless there was a fuller attendance , and , more especially , of his majesty 's ministers . wished to know , upon what authority the hon . gent . stated , that a loan would be wanted for the India Company ? He certainly had made no such statement , in bringing forward the Company 's affairs : nor did he hear any such thing mentioned by any of his majesty 's ministers in that house . also disclaimed , on the part of the Company , the representation of their affairs made by the hon . gent. , and which he could not suffer to pass uncontradicted . He knew nothing of any loan proposed or desired by the Company : they stood not in need of such assistance ; nor did he hear any thing of any such proposition , with which their authority or wishes were connected : a noble lord , indeed , near him ( Castlereagh ) , in his speech , the preceding night , had thrown out a suggestion , that a loan of 5 millions might be desirable for the accommodation of the Company ; but this was a mere suggestion in the course of a speech , wholly unauthorised by the Company . defended the conduct , and approved the determination , expressed by his hon . friend ( Mr. Robson ) ; and hoped , he would persist in his endeavours to obtain a full attendance of members upon every discussion on India affairs : for , notwithstanding the declaration just made by the hon . ex-director , it certainly had gone forth , that the Company 's affairs were in a desperate situation . It had been said , not by himself , but by a worthy alderman opposite to him ( Prinsep ) , that they were in a state of bankruptcy ; and , although the noble lord 's suggestion of a loan , in his speech , the preceding night , might not be admitted by the hon . ex-director , as an official authority upon the point , yet his hon . friend had a right to consider such a declaration , coming from the noble lord , as good authority upon a subject , namely , the situation of the Company 's affairs , in which the noble lord 's own character