him to be of considerable importance . A rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) had stated , that the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland was bound to lay on this duty , because it had been imposed in Great Britain . It was very true that when Ireland was admitted into a share of the colonial trade , she was bound , by what was called the Colony Compact , to lay on the some duties upon colonial articles as Great Britain ; but he contended that the colony compact was merged in the union , and that Ireland now shared with Great Britain in the sovereignty of the West India Islands ; and therefore the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland had a right to use his own discretion upon the subject . admitted that the colony compact was done away by the union , but the spirit of it still existed , for it could not be contended that Ireland should have a preference over Great Britain in her own colonies . complimented Mr. Foster for the exertions he had made when he was in office , and said he would have . 61 done a great deal more if he had not been thwarted . said , he was happy to find that the rt . hon . baronet meant to adopt the regulations he had proposed ; as he was sure they would prove beneficial . protested against the produce of the present year being taken as the criterion of what it would have been under the regulations of Mr. Foster , for though he meant to adopt the greatest part of them , he also intended to superadd many and important new ones . referred to some documents in his hand , which would , he said , shew , that there was a considerable defalcation last year in the produce both of the excise and customs , though the stamps produced more than they did before . He contended , therefore , that instead of an increase of 1,200,000l . which Mr Foster took to himself the merit of having made in the revenue , compared with some former years , it would not exceed 500,000l . said , there prevailed in Ireland a strong disposition to resist the collection of the revenue ; he wished for the concurrence of all the gentlemen best acquainted with the subject , in devising measures proper to induce the people to submit to the necessary means of rendering them productive . said , that the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland had very great difficulties to contend against , and he thought the two rt . hon . gentlemen who lately held that office ( Mr. Corry and Mr. Foster ) entitled to great credit for their exertions : the former , he knew , had prepared a very strong and extensive plan for increasing the revenue of Ireland . The hon . member concluded with paying several compliments to the rt . hon . baronet who at present filled . the office of chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland.— The resolution was then agreed to . The resolutions respecting the Distilleries being read , said , he did not mean to oppose this resolution , but he merely meant to state his reason for continuing the bounty upon the 500 gallon stills ; it was because he conceived that there was a kind of compact upon the subject between the government and the distiller . said , that when 200 gallon stills were allowed to be worked by law , it was right to give a bounty upon 500 gallon stills , to encourage the use of large ones ; but when 200 gallon stills were prohibited , and that 500 gallon stills were the smallest 62 that could be legally used , he did not think they ought to have a bounty.—The resolutions were then agreed to , and bills ordered to be brought in upon them . brought up an account of the estimates for the service of the army , and for the expenses of guards and garrisons