sir Richard Sullivan , deceased ; for Buckingham , in the room of lord Proby , who had accepted the office of Steward of the Cilern Hundreds ; and for Enniskillen , in the room of Mr. King , who had accepted the Stewardship of the Hundred of Desborough.—Mr . Perceval adverted to a notice , which he had given some time since , of a motion on the subject of thanks to the managers of Impeachments . The vote of thanks before the judgment was given , in the case of lord Melville , struck him as extremely improper . He was still of the same opinion , and he wished by no means to be considered as having abandoned his determination to submit to the house a resolution for preventing the recurrence of such a practice . His only reason for not having already brought forward this resolution was , that he wished it to be unconnected with the consideration of any particular impeachment ; and if he had brought it forward so soon after the impeachment of lord Melville , it would appear to be connected with that . He renewed his notice for the next session.—Mr . Sheridan said it would be recollected , that the notice he had on a former day given of a motion relative to the crown lands , with a view to the improvement of the capital , was conditional . On communicating with his majesty 's ministers , he found that the noble lord at the hed of the treasury , and another noble lord now absent ( lord H. Petty ) , had turned their attention to the object he had in view , and had a plan which was apparently well calculated to effect it He therefore begged to withdraw his notice , and to give way to persons by whom his wishes could be best accomplished . rose pursuant to notice , to make a motion for papers on this subiect . Since the debate , said the hon . gent . which took place lately upon India affairs , could not bring down ministers to the house , it was in vain to expect their attendance upon the present occasion . Although his majesty 's ministers , however , did not think proper to come to their places , he should think it no less his duty to speak plainly of them . He had upon all former occasions submitted plain and simple motions to the consideration of the house , which if they had chosen to agree to , they . would have been by this 1253 time in possession of the means of saving several hundreds of thousands of pounds of the public money . From the unaccountable conduct of the present ministers , his motions had hitherto been rejected , although he had been told by the secretary at war the other day , that if he had divided the house upon his third motion upon this subject , it would have been agreed to . Was this all the support which ministers thought it their duty to afford to the discovery and detection of abuses ? He should still assert , that the motions which he had brought forward the other day were such as would have termed a key to discover all those abuses which he was convinced existed in the barrack department . The right hon . secretary at war had indeed placed him in a very unpleasant predicament on Friday last . He had previously been told that he ought to wait till the report of the Commissioners was presented . Although he was generally very punctual in his attendance in the house , yet it so happened that on Friday last it was 20 minutes past 4 when he entered , and on his way he met the clerk coming out with the report which had been presented and ordered to be printed . He had followed him up stairs in order to inspect it , but returned in consequence of learning that the secretary at war intended to move for and present some papers . Finding a