, that , independently of the other circumstances already mentioned , the farmers had , in the value of old iron , a deduction of little less than half the original price . But to judge of the fallaciousness of the statements circulated upon this subject , it was only necessary to mention , according to one which had no doubt been put into the hands of most members of the house , it was seriously asserted , that the proposed tax , which was only 40s . per ton , would , as to horses employed in agriculture , produce an increase of 9l . 6s . 8d . per ton . The noble lord Went on to shew , that when taxes became necessary , the attention of ministers was naturally directed to those persons who were able to bear them . Finding , then , the iron manufactory to be a flourishing trade , they very naturally thought proper to select it . That this trade was , many years since , in the year 1797 , pointed out to his predecessor in office as a fit subject of taxation , must be known to the gentlemen on the other side ; and , although the proposition was not then acted upon , he understood that it was not by any means given up , but intended to be brought forward again by the right hon . gent . alluded to . In order to shew the flourishing state of the iron manufacture , the noble lord stated that the quantity of that article manufactured in 1797 , was but 130,000 tons , and that the quantitity in the last year , amounted to 250,000 . From this improvement he inferred the superior capacity of the manufactures at present to pay the duty Which his predecessor declined to pass in 1797 . As to the operation of this tax upon 89 the machinery employed in different manufactories , it did not appear to him that any objection ought to be made on that ground , when it was considered , that from the proceedings of a certain committee ( the Woollen Manufacture ) , it was in contemplation to release this machinery from many embarrassments to which it had been heretofore liable . It was not too much , therefore , on the part of the state , to seek some return from the proprietors of such machinery . The objections urged to the proposed interference of excise officers in certain manufactories , might , if of any weight , be obviated in the committee , and therefore they could form no ground for resisting the motion before the house . With respect to the export trade of wrought iron or hardware , the noble lord begged the house to bear in mind , that the drawback proposed to be granted was more than was required by a committee of the iron manufacturers themselves , who had applied to the treasury upon the subject . The noble lord shewed the increase of the export trade of iron from 1799 to the last year , and the comparative rise in the price of the article , to shew the capacity of the article to sustain an increased duty ; and he maintained that from the nature of the drawback no diminution of the export could be apprehended from this duty . After several other observations , including particularly an answer to those who seemed to insinuate that this was the first tax upon a raw material in this country , he concluded by referring them to the taxes Upon cotton foreign wool , and malt , the noble lord pressed upon the consideration of the house , that the question now was as to a choice of evils , that money must be procured for the exigencies of the state , and that the mode now proposed was much less objectionable than any other that had been suggested . It had been recommended to him to propose other taxes . A right hon . gent . had pushed the adoption of a tax upon coals in the pit