inclusive . '' commented upon several parts of the statement of the right . hon . secretary . It was intended , it seemed , very much to reduce the cavalry . This measure he highly disapproved of . The late government had added two troops to each regiment of cavalry , and in so doing he thought they had acted most wisely . British cavalry enjoyed a high and deserved reputation . They would be found most useful either in defence of our own country in case of invasion , or in any foreign expedition that might be determined upon ; and he therefore characterised their reduction as a very extraordinary proceeding . The mode by which the right hon . secre- 310 tary had calculated the expence of the army , if the late ministers had continued , was unfair . With regard to the diminution of the waggon-train , the propriety of this was , under any circumstances , questionable ; and , until the establishment of some large central depôt , he thought such a diminution highly inexpedient . Above four months had elapsed since the 21st of January , when the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) had come down to the house , and declared , that such was the dangerous situation of the country , that four days ought not to be allowed to pass without the interposition of some effective measure , tending to increase our military strength , and to put our regular army on a better footing . What had the present ministers done after this declaration ? They had lived like drones , on the collected stores of their predecessors . To the able arrangements of the late administration , the country owed every advantage that it had derived since the present administration came into power . To that administration was to be attributed the glorious victory at St. Domingo . To that administration was to be attributed the capture of the Cape of Good Hope . And here he would observe , that notwithstanding the brave and successful exertions of the officers who commanded in that expedition , notwithstanding they had effected a landing in the face of a superior force , and had beaten that force , yet the thanks of the house had not been voted to them , simply , he was convinced , because the plan on which they had acted originated with the late administration . The present Board of Admiralty had not chosen to reward sir Home Popham for his services on that occasion , because that gallant officer was not a favourite with certain persons out of the house . To the measures adopted by the late administration , was likewise to be attributed the recent capture of the Marengo and the Belle Poule . In fact , although he trusted that the country would yet derive some advantage from the exertions of his majesty 's present government , still nothing was more certain than that hitherto nothing had resulted from them . He had been accused of entertaining unreasonable expectations . Those expectations were grounded on the speeches of the right hon . secretary for the war department , when he was on the opposition side of the house ; —speeches which naturally induced the country to look for a new military era , as soon 311 as that right hon . gent . came into power , to expect from him another harvest of Cadmus . Four months however had elapsed since that event , and nothing had been done . It was above two mouths since the right hon . gent . made his long military speech in the house ; what had ensued ? Let any one candidly examine the conduct of the present ministry in military affairs , and he would find no great cause of satisfaction or confidence . In the first place , on the motion of a noble lord , a very unconstitutional grant of 18 millions and a half had been voted for , the army in that house , before the distinct appropriation which was intended to