from this country ; which , with two other petitions , from other merchants , to the same effect , were ordered to lie on the table until the second reading of the bill , which , upon the motion of Mr. Foster , was deferred till Wednesday next.—A new writ was ordered to be issued , for the election of a representative for the county of Somerset , in the room of W. Dickenson , esq . deceased.—Sir J. Anderson presented a petition from the curriers of London , against the bill for repealing the Flaying Act.—The house , upon the motion of lord Temple , resolved itself into a committee for taking into consideration the Foreign Thread Lace Duty act , and the propriety of increasing the duties thereon . Resolved , that it was expedient to increase the several denominations of duties . Ordered to be reported on Friday.—A message from the lords announced their lordships ' concurrence in the Irish Spirit Duty bill , the Irish Butter Regulation bill , and several private bills.—Mr . Speaker acquainted the house , that in answer to the communication of the thanks of the house voted to admiral sir Richard Strachan , and the officers , seamen , and marines , under his command , for their gallant services against the enemy , he had received a letter from that officer , dated on board the Cesar , at sea , the 19th of May , 1806 ; and which he should read . The letter , in substance , acknowledged the receipt of the letter from Mr. Speaker , communicating to sir Richard the honour done him by the house of commons , in their vote , approving the services of himself and the officers and seamen under his command ; that he should feel sincere pleasure in performing the duty entrusted to him , of communicating the sense of the house of Commons to the officers , seamen , and marines under his command ; 366 and as to himself , he begged leave to express his hope , that his readiness , on all occasions , to devote his life to the service of his country , would prove him not unworthy the honour conferred upon him . pursuant to the notice he had given , rose to bring forward his , promised Charge against the marquis Wellesley , with reference to his conduct to the Nabob of Oude . It was not his wish , he said , to trespass unnecessarily upon the time and attention of the house . The charges he meant to submit to their consideration , he had written , and were in his hand ; he would read them , if it was the pleasure of the house , or , with their permission , he would move , without reading them , to lay them on the table.—The Speaker said , the hon . member might use his own discretion , and had certainly a right , if he chose , to use his privilege of laying them on the table . Mr. Paull immediately did so , and moved that the charge be now read . The charge was accordingly read by the clerk at the table , and is as follows : `` Article of Charge of high Crimes and Misdemeanours committed by Richard Colley Marquis Wellesley , in his transactions with respect to the Nabob Vizier of Oude . `` That Richard Colley Marquis Wellesley was appointed , constituted , and actually became a servant of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies , in the month of October , in the year of our Lord 1797 , and in the year of the reign of his majesty the 37th . That the office which he was appointed to fill was that of governor-general of Bengal , and subsequently of captain-general of all the king 's and company 's forces serving in the British territories in the East Indies . That he arrived , and took possession of the government committed to his charge , in the month of May 1798