as were proud he would offend by talking lightly of their services and efficiency , and such as were of force he would disable from serving by depriving them of their pay . contended that the measure was perfectly constitutional , as every one must be convinced , who had read the history of the country . He looked on this as a permanent measure , and in that view he thought that the soldiers who would be discharged under a former bill , would be exceedingly useful in being officers for this force . This nation ought not to trust for its defence merely to the opinions and inclinations of individuals , as it must in a great measure do , if the volunteer system alone was depended on for that purpose . Whoever sat on the throne of France after Bonaparte , though a Bourbon , must act and conduct himself as the head of a great military people , and there was no way of meeting this danger from our enemies , but by rendering this nation in some degree military , through the great mass of its population . He did not disapprove of drilling on Sundays , as he thought patriotism a religious duty . It was to the great attention paid to the training of the population , even from the earliest youth of the people , that the recovery of Jersey was owing , after 824 the enemy had entered St. Helier 's . The volunteer system would afford the gentleman an opportunity of avoiding being placed between his own groom and his father 's chimney-sweeper , a circumstance so much dreaded by an hon . gent . over the way . was of opinion that the volunteers had saved the country , but that the system with respect to them was neither permanent nor intended to be so , and he saw no reason why persons in that situation should be offended , because their assistance was not sought in a way not suited to the nature of a temporary institution . A most singular objection had been made to this new project , because it had not this defect , and was permanent in its application : to him this was not an objection , but a motive for the adoption of it ; and the bill enabled his majesty to draw from the robust part of the population , 2 or 300,000 men armed for the national defence . The plan of the military service which was concurrent with this measure , by throwing annually 5 or 10,000 disciplined men into the general mass of the inhabitants subject to this service , would provide the peasantry with instructors , who equally with their knowledge and their example , would contribute to give spirit and method to those levies . By the military education this bill was calculated to give to all orders of the community , in succession , these islands would not only be rendered impregnable , but the measure would preclude every attempt on our shores , by convincing the enemy , that against an armed nation all his efforts must be ineffectual . We should then hear no more of flottillas , no more of invasions ; the enemy would say , whatever success we may have in attacking her colonial possessions , Britain is herself invulnerable . What pretence could the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) have to say that this bill would be afflicting to this country ? Could it be afflicting for men in habits of corporeal exertion daily to be collected 28 days in the year , for the purpose of training them to military duty ? parliament designed to give no cause of disgust to the volunteers : it only wished to avoid an expence inconsistent with the welfare of the country , and to provide other means not destructive of , but auxiliary to , the system under which arms were put into their hands . had waited for a long time to see whether the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) would have given any explanation of