the naval strength . I must likewise observe , that , this supposed sufficiency depends upon contingencies ; for it will not provide against casual possible disasters to our fleets.— Sir , I shall now enquire whether earl St. Vincent did keep pace with his predecessors ; and whether he did add at the rate of 6¼ sail of the line and 12 frigates annually , which it was manifestly 162 his duty to have done ; and whether he left to his successors the practicable means of doing it ? First , as to ships of the line . I beg to refer to p. 16 of the papers before mentioned , where it will appear that on the 18th Feb. 1801 , when earl St. Vincent came into office , there were 15 sail of the line on the stocks building , viz . 6 in the king 's yards , and 9 in the merchants ' yards , which , with the 4 captured , between Feb. 1801 ; and May 1804 , would , I conceive , have enabled his lordship to have added the required increase without extraordinary exertion , and by the usual and ordinary methods , without the necessity of inventing new projects , by which it has been said that 50 sail of the line might be built in the king 's yards in a twelve-month.—But I shall prove that his lordship neglected the certain productive means practised by his predecessors , and every other , mode of maintaining the navy ; for only 10 ships were launched in the 3 years and 3 months whilst he was at the admiralty ; namely , 7 out of the 9 in the merchants ' yards , and 3 only of the 6 in the king 's yards , which ships were completed without , his lordship 's assistance . For those in the merchants ' yards were of course completed according to contract , and 2 of the 3 in the king 's yards were in so forward a state in Feb. 1801 , as to be launched in June and October following , before any effect was produced from his lordship 's remissness . His lordship never used the means for completing the remainder ; for he launched but one single ship ( the Colossus ) between Oct. 1801 , and May 1804 ; and at the same time forbad recourse to the merchants ' yards . And though predecessors left him 15 sail of the line building , he left but 9 to his successors ; and 5 of those 9 were upon the stocks when he came into office . And so little was done to the ships left , that only 7 out of the 9 , as will appear by the printed accounts , notwithstanding every exertion has been made , can be launched within 3 years , from the period of his quitting the admiralty in May 1804 . From these incontrovertible facts , it is evident that earl St. Vincent was left by its predecessor with the ample means for provision equal to former years ; but instead of availing himself of those means , there were only launched 10 sail of the line in 3 years and 3 months , while he was in office ; and he left his successor with only the possibility of launching 7 , in 3 163 succeeding years , making 17 ; which with 4 captured , between 1801 and 1804 , are , in the whole 21 sail of the line in 6 years , not one half the number which had been provided by his lordship 's predecessors in the same space of time , though he had the peace in his favour . But even the full number would not have equalled what the situation of the country , and the impaired state of our navy , demanded.—I shall now make a similar statement in respect of the frigates . As lord St. Vincent paid so little attention to building line-of-battle ships , it is not surprising that he should be equally negligent in providing a