short , that the new administration had not only not increased the number of the army , but that they had not endeavoured to increase the spirits of it . He then referred to the late gallant achievement of the British force , at the Cape of Good Hope , and said , that the rt , hon . secre- 17 tary , instead of being the first to move for the thanks of the house to the officers and soldiers who fought so gloriously on that occasion , was the very first who threw an obstacle in the way of that vote . As to the defence act , whatever imperfection it might have , he thought it better than nothing , and the rt . hon . gent . had not proposed any thing as a substitute for it . He was happy to think that a minister , now no more , had founded the military establishment of this country on so permanent a footing , that so long as it continued under the fostering cave of the royal person now at its head , not all the chimerical ideas of the rt . hon . gent . would be able to overturn it . began by stating , that although by the returns on the table , it appeared that in the county he had the honour to represent ( the county of Waterford ) the parish officers had raised above 100 men , yet he could say , from his own certain knowledge , that there were not two men raised in the county in that manner . The number was entirely made up of men under the size of 5 feet 4 inches , who had been handed over to the parish officers by the serjeants who had been recruiting other descriptions of service . In England there were no less than 14 counties , in which not a man had been raised by parish officers ; and in the large county of York , which ought to have produced 5,674 , no more than 407 had been raised altogether within the last 18 months . He thought it was a great objection to the bill that , in the course of 18 months , it could not be understood by those whose duty it was to execute it . On the score of economy , it was most ridiculous to lay it down , that only 10 guineas should be given as bounty to a person enlisting for general service at once , but that 12 should be given to those who enlisted for this force , and 10 more if they should go from that to the regular army . It was only cheating ourselves , and picking our own pockets , to say that we were ready to give the same man 12 guineas in the morning and 10 more in the evening , or to put 12 guineas in one of his hands , and ten in the other , but to say , at the same time , that upon the ground of economy , we could not think of giving such a bounty as 22 guineas at one time . It would be confessed by every body , that the efficiency of the bill was rather in the breach than in the observance : it was by the infraction of the law that the object and policy of it was obtained . This was a system so contrary to all ideas of morality and good government , that were there 18 no other reason , he thought the bill ought to be repealed . As to the plan that had been proposed by the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) as a substitute for this bill , he must say , that , generally speaking , he approved highly of it , and thought it would be likely to be a very efficient and useful measure ; but there was one part of it he never could agree to ; and that was permitting soldiers to throw up their muskets , and retire during