fill the islands with disbanded negroes , who have been seven years practising the use of arms . Possibly this difficulty may not apply to the present moment , when the corps are composed of purchased slaves , and , in a great measure , I am afraid of slaves recently imported from Africa ; but if ever the moment arrives which my hon . friend so fondly anticipates , when the negro will have become enough of a citizen to be ( in his apprehension ) safely trusted as a soldier , this improved condition , combined with this improved mutiny act , must necessarily lead to the consequences which I have mentioned . —But after all , can any thing be more wild and visionary than to refer us to the distant and doubtful consequences of the success of a measure which has failed for twenty years , for the only solution which ministers , after all their deliberation , are at last prepared to give of a difficulty of their own creating ? Better almost would it have been to have confined themselves within the safer , because unmeaning , and therefore unanswerable , assertion of the right hon . gentleman on a former nights , —that he had no doubt something would be discovered to remedy the inconvenience , thought he did not pretend to be the person to discover it ! Such and so insufficient being the answers which are at last provided for the objections which have been urged against the measure in this stage , the noble lord indulges himself in a triumph over other supposed objections , which , because they have not been re-stated this night , he thinks himself at liberty to consider as altogether abandoned . 'We hear no more , ' says the noble lord , 'of the alarm which was taken early in this discussion , and which was attempted to be spread throughout the country , of the too great military force which was to be put at the disposal of the crown , to the danger of the liberties of the country : this doctrine has now given place to another of a different sort , and wholly inconsistent with it ; we are now told of the encroachment upon the prerogative of that crown whose extended power before was to fill us with apprehension . `` —Begging the noble lord 's pardon , 549 there is no such inconsistency in these arguments as he is pleased to impute to them ; nor is that one of them which has not been stated to-night , therefore to be considered as abandoned . It has not been stated to-night simply because it does not apply to the particular point now under disscussion . It was urged at the outset of these discussions as applying to the general scope and tendency of the right hon . gentleman 's whole plan , of which the measure now before us is a part : of which plan , considered as a whole , the tendency was argued , and I think demonstrated , to be the discouragement and destruction of all those species of military force , which it has been the practice and the policy of this country to employ for home-defence ; and to which , consistently with the spirit of the constitution , its internal defence may best be intrusted . It was urged , and I think un-answerably , that the tendency of the right hon . gent . 's plan , ( if not its avowed object ) was to discourage the volunteers , to undermine , and finally overturn the militia establishments ; to abolish and proscribe every mode of raising from the bosom of the country any sort of force which parliament has hitherto been in the habit of raising ; and it , was contended that the inevitable consequence , ( as it was the undisguised desire ) of the projector of this plan , was to raise and maintain a huge unbalanced regular army . It was affirmed ( and can the noble lord deny it ? ) that against