who were `` killed off . `` — ( A laugh ) .—Above all he considered the measure most embarrassing , as discharging men in time of war ; for these reasons he moved , as an amendment , that in the clause schedule it be inserted after the word `` discharged , '' these words , `` not until six Months after the termination of any war in which the country may be engaged . '' observed , that the clause to which the hon . gent . opposite principally directed their attention , did nothing more than what amounted to a declaration of the legislature , to continue for seven years , what formerly they were considered only to allow one . But the necessities of almost every state in Europe were now so much increased , that his majesty 's ministers had felt it incumbent on them to make additional demands upon the population of the country for the preservation of the whole : this was but a modification of the royal prerogative , by which the king is entitled to call on the whole of his people to rise in arms for the 543 support of his crown and dignity , as well as for the defence of the rights and liberties of a free nation . What was the army of reserve act , but an additional demand on the population of the country ? What was the additional force act but an additional demand on the population of the country ? And what had his right hon . friend done but to make the additional demand on the population of the country more simplified and effectual than it had as yet been made by any other plan that we had seen brought forward ? Much as he admired the general character of the British army , he could not avoid observing , that the desertions were now become a disgrace to that army ; but the system of his right hon . friend would be most likely to an effectual stop to the practice , by withdrawing the temptations which led men to desert ; their condition would be bettered , and they would be certain of having an opportunity to exercise their own choice at a definite period . Gentlemen said , that in a time of war we should not adopt any new theoretical experiment . He was well convinced , however , that a time of war or danger was not a time in which we should give way to any feelings of fear . This reminded him of an anecdote told of a very brave man , who , being asked 'How he would act if he were oil the top of Salisbury steeple , ' replied , 'Just in the same manner as if I were on Salisbury plain . ' And there could be no doubt that in time of danger true , wisdom consisted in acting with steadiness and courage . rose and spoke as follows.— `` I rise , sir , not only for the purpose of replying to the noble lord who spoke last , but of recapitulating as shortly as I can the leading arguments by which this measure has been opposed , and which remain at this period of the discussion wholly unanswered ; of reminding the house of the state in which the question now 'stands ; and of conjuring them to avail themselves of this last opportunity , which is afforded them by the amendment of my hon . friend ( Mr. S. Bourne ) , if not to save the regular army of the country altogether from the peril of the projected innovation , at least to disarm that innovation of part of the mischief with which it threatens to be attended.—The precise object of the amendment is to prevent the operation of the discharges during war : to prevent , if possible , the dismemberment or dissolution of the British army , at periods when the very safety of the country may depend upon its being kept together . the noble lord who spoke last has either misunderstood 544