what the noble lord had stated , that there was at present , virtually , no government general existing in India . From what had been stated by the noble lord , added to the dispatches in the gazette , which he had read within an hour of his coming to the house , he could not help feeling considerable anxiety with respect to the situation of affairs in India . His lordship gave notice of a motion respecting the government general of India for Friday , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned A new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a member for the borough of Sligo , in the room of Owen Wynne , esq . who had accepted of the office of escheater of Munster.—Mr . Williams presented the 14th report of the commissioners of naval inquiry . Ordered to be printed.—Lord Howick said , that he was about to move for some papers , to the granting of which there could be no objection . It would be proper to state to the house the reason why he asked for them . Soon after he had come into office he had been informed on good authority that in consequence of the embankments at Catwater , near Plymouth , the Sound there might in a short time become unsafe for his Majesty 's ships . Having this information from respectable authority , he had thought the matter of sufficient moment to require examination . He had accordingly ordered an inquiry to be made by engineers , whose reports , in some 868 degree , confirmed what he had heard on this point . They , however , requested time to make a more minute and accurate report , and this , by some accident , did not come to his hands till the 18th of the present month . This he stated to account for the lateness of the period at which he submitted this affair to the house . After he should have obtained the papers , his design was to refer them to a committee , which should inquire whether any injury was likely to arise to Plymouth Sound from these embankments , or if no injury was likely to arise , whether any more works of that kind should be allowed to be carried on without authority from some competent public body , or a consent on the part of the crown , such as was required in a grant of public money . He concluded by moving , for a copy of the report of the 18th , made by Messrs. Rennie and Whitby on this subject , and an extract of the other report , with the plan of the Sound . The motion was agreed to , the papers presented , and referred to a committee as proposed.—A message from the lords desired a present conference with the commons in a matter that concerned the good correspondence between the two houses . On the motion of lord Howick , the house agreed to the conference : managers were appointed and went out . On their return , lord Howick stated that the lords had communicated to them that in consequence of the examination of lord Teignmouth before the commons , relative to a charge against marquis Wellesley , they had taken the matter into their most serious consideration ; that they had searched for precedents , but could only find one , Which was that of lord Balcarras in 1779 . On the motion of lord Howick this communication was ordered to be taken into consideration on Friday next.—On the motion of sir W. Young , lord Temples proposed motion relative to the Oude charge was postponed from Wednesday to Friday.—Mr . Kerr gave notice that early next session he would move for a committee to examine the acts relative to the Irish roads.—Lord Douglas moved , that the return to the order of the house of the 8th of May , for an account of the gratuities and pensions granted by the East India company since 1793 , should be made forthwith