justice to the purity of the intentions of the right hon . gent . ; but he would contend , that he had been most unfortunate in the application of the means which the country had placed in his hands and those of his colleagues . Every measure he had proposed , so far from increasing our force , had an opposite tendency . One of the first of his measures was to get rid of an act which produced annually 18,000 men in the army ; and for what ? —for an experiment . The plan introduced appeared to him to be principally for the purpose of counteracting the excellent system laid down by the former government , and to manifest his adherence to opinions expressed , he would not say in a moment of factious , but certainly of pointed opposition . With respect to the constitutionality of the measure , he did not think that the ingenuity of the right hon . proposer , great as it was known to be , would be able to establish that . But he would be glad to learn how the principles of the constitution could be said to be preserved , if so large a proportion of the population were to be subjected to the opera- 814 tion of the mutiny bill ; to be marched from one end of the kingdom to the other , and subjected to all the privations , restrictions , and subordination , that men who had made a military life their choice , were generally liable to . The bill appeared to him to be one of the greatest infringements upon the liberties of Englishmen that had ever been attempted . stated ; that he had the greatest confidence in the superiority of a regular army , but it was impossible this country could be defended without having recourse to some other species of force . Our population was not so extensive , or our people so unemployed , as to allow us to raise a large army upon the spur of the occasion . Periods might arrive , when it would be necessary a very large proportion of the people should be ready trained and armed ; at the beginning of a war , for instance , when the strength of the enemy 's navy might be greater than it was in time of peace , and when the amount of our regular army might be less than it was in time of war . The French army , after the misfortune of general Mack , would never have reached Vienna , if there had been an armed population to obstruct their passage . It was asked , why have recourse to this measure of a general training , when you have a volunteer force ready drilled to your hands ? The volunteers , he would admit , were entitled to great praise . He admired their zeal , and in many instances he approved of their discipline ; but he would no more trust to voluntary services for the defence of a nation , than he would to voluntary contributions for the support of its finances . He would not enter much into the bill ; the execution of it might be attended with difficulties but he was so attached to the principle , that he would give it a fair trial . There were , however , two or three points on which he wished to say a few words : and , first , as to the unconstitutionality of the measure . He could perceive nothing unconstitutional in that exercise of the prerogative vested in his majesty , or in subjecting a part of the population to temporary inconveniences , to avoid greater calamities . The amount of the number of persons to be trained , was , he understood , to be 200,000 men ; a force certainly equal to encounter any danger by which this kingdom would ever be menaced . It was in this way that the French armies were first formed , by incorporating the national guards with the regulars . There was 815 another