he would have been confirmed in the necessity of such caution , rather than indeed to despise it ; for through it were only an act to repeal another , yet he had himself pointed out to the right hon . gent . on the third reading , so great and clear a defect in it , that the right hon gent . had been prevailed upon to adjourn the third reading to the next day , in order that he might have an opportunity of preparing a rider to be added to the bill , to correct that imperfection—and but for that correction , the bill would have passed , and actually deprived the families of all those men who had inlisted from the army of reserve , perhaps not less than from 30 to 40,000 men , of those allowances for their families , which the faith of parliament had pledged to them when they first enlisted ; and he said , he could not but , therefore take the liberty of recommending to the right hon . gent . to make it an invariable rule , never to attempt to bring in an act of parliament without guarding himself with the power of doing that which in all probability would be necessary , namely , that of either amending or repealing it in the same session . To come then to the clause in question , he said , that it enacted that the discharged soldier `` should become legally entitled to receive such pension , allowance , or relief , as shall have been fixed in any orders or regulations made by his majesty in relation to his cause of discharge , and in force at the time of his enlistment , and for the payment whereof money shall have been voted by parliament . '' And the last words he said , were those which were introduced on the last amendment . Now , he said , he must beg to ask the right hon . gent . what he meant by those words ? The right hon . gent . had just said to his noble friend , as a 628 excuse for not answering a speech of such strong and clear argument , that he did not like to attempt it ; that his reason for not answering it was , that he really did not understand it— '' that true , no meaning puzzled more than wit . '' Now , he said , he could not tell whether it was the total absence of meaning in this amendment , or the excess and abundance of its good sense and wit , that disabled him from understanding it , for he certainly must confess that he was completely puzzled by it . Did it mean that , to give the soldier the vested right to his pension , the money shall have been voted for the payment of it at the time when he enlisted , or that it will be enough if the money shall have been voted subsequent to his enlistment , but at the time of his discharge ? He said , he perceived that the rt . hon . gent . was looking at the words ; he really believed that they would not help him to his meaning , but he thought it rather odd , though he might have difficulty in telling him what the true construction of the amendment was as it was worded , that he could not tell him what his own meaning had been , and what he had intended to convey ; he said he was aware he was not entitled , in strict parliamentary form , to put a question to the right hon . gent in the midst of his speech , but he really wished that he would indulge him with one . Because , if he would but tell him which it was he meant , he would content himself with shewing the absurdity and inapplicability of that meaning to the right hon . gent . 's object ; but if he would not tell him ,