to any thing respecting the repeal of the general principle of the Navigation act , he certainly way uninformed ; but this was not a repeal of the general principle . He used the term `` repeal . '' The right hon . gent . must have surely meant `` suspended ; '' for the in 343 tention certainly was only to suspend , on the ground of the present necessity , and not to establish a general principle . After all that had been said by the right hon . gent. , he still continued to think , that no interest whatever , whether of Irish provisions or our own ship-owners , of the continental colonies or any other , was injured by this measure . Now , what was this bill ? The necessity was stated , and admitted , as it had already been acted upon . Now , this being granted , all we said was , that the responsibility ought not to rest with the governors . The bill , as it now stood , or , rather , as it stood when it came from the lords , empowered the king in council to suspend the Navigation law in part , in cases where there should be a necessity for it . Now , if there was a necessity for this suspension since the year 1793 , how came it , that the right hon . gent . was of opinion that this necessity had now ceased , and that a different course might be adopted . It would certainly require a good deal of argument to prove this , which was upon the face of it so extremely improbable . But , however , if that was the case , it was the duty of the ship-owners , and the other parties concerned , to contradict the statements of the West-India colonists , and to shew sufficient grounds to the council , why they should advise his majesty not to allow this suspension . Now , the governors of the colonies had no opportunity of hearing ; the ship-owners at all ; for they were surrounded by the West-India colonists , who would tell them that they were starving , and require them to allow the suspension of the Navigation laws , upon the plea that it had been done by their predecessors , to whom an indemnity had never been refused . The governors would , of course , grant the request , except they should hear good reasons against it . From whom were they to hear those reasons ? from persons who were not there ? Now , the council here might undoubtedly hear both sides . But could any governor refuse a request of this nature , after it had been granted for a period of thirteen years , and indemnity never refused ? It had been said , that the governor of Barbadoes had agreed to enforce the Navigation laws , if supported by the government here . No doubt ; but where could there be so complete a support as it the king 's council here ? Therefore , in every point of view , it was better that the power should be in the council . But , if the suspension was only in the time of war , how 344 could the interests mentioned by the right gent . he affected ? Was it proposed suspend in time of peace ? No ; the thing divided itself into two separate questions . In time of peace , the question might be , whether any relaxation ought ever to be allowed at all ? If he should then he in the house , he would give his opinion on that point ; but the question now was , whether a suspension should be allowed in tune of war , in cases of necessity ? Would any man pretend to say , that a ship less would go to the trade after the passing of this bill ? It only transferred a discretionary power , which already existed , from one less fit to exercise that power