introducing a system of reformation of abuses , which he hoped to see carried into effect in every department of the state ; under a conviction of which , the good subjects of this country would cheerfully contribute to the support of the state . This was what he in his conscience believed . complained , that the hon . mover had read one part of the letter only , respecting the stores at Dept- 205 ford , without reading the remainder , which proved that the lowest size of timber contracted for in the merchants ' yards were for 44-gun ships . The hon . gent . was incorrect in stating , that the stock of timber never was so low as in the time of lord St. Vincent 's administration . The stock at that time was all good serviceable timber . objected to the motion , because he did not see any practical good that was to arise from it . When such a serious charge was brought against any person , it should either be with a view of founding some criminal prosecution , or at least some useful regulation . If neither of those objects were proposed , the house would be fruitlessly wasting their time in the discussion . The hon . gent . seemed to have brought his charge forward , merely with the view of redeeming some sort of a pledge that he had given to the house , and declared himself quite indifferent about the fate of his resolutions , after he should have finished his speech . The hon . gent . who seconded his motion , seemed also to have taken a curious mode of setting the question at rest , which he had declared was his only object in seconding the motion . One would have supposed that the motion might as well have gone to rest , if no gentleman had been found to second it . It could not be expected that gentlemen were to consume their time in studying such an immense mass of papers as had been produced , unless some practical good was likely to result from that study . The house were not to spend their time merely in the investigation of abstract truths , unless it were to lead to some practical conclusion . Upon this ground he thought the present subject was unworthy of any farther discussion . There was one thing , however , that he thought it necessary for him to state , in consequence of what fell from the hon . admiral . He always had considered that the navy board was subject to the controul of the admiralty , which was consequently responsible for its conduct . Whatever he might think there was to blame in the conduct of the noble earl , he saw a great deal to commend , in that eagerness which he always manifested to put down frauds and abuses of every kind . Whatever faults he had were certainly not in his heart ; and he sincerely hoped his successors in office would follow the laudable example he had set them , of enquiring into abuses and waste of the public money . in explanation , said , that 206 the navy board were in the first instance charged with those controuls . There were two cases in which the admiralty would be to blame ; 1st , if they did not keep a general superintendance over the acts of the navy board ; and , 2dly , if by too great an interference , they were to hinder them in the execution of their duy . said , he would trouble the house but for a short time ; but there was a subject which had been introduced into this discussion , upon which he felt himself called to state his opinion distinctly . If the navy board should conduct itself ill , whether by improvident contracts , a waste of the public money , or else by negligence of their duty and supineness , it was the duty of the board of admiralty to controul them ; and if