wish than the noble lord has , to say any thing that may savour of an illiberal spirit with regard to America . Far be it from me to say any thing by which any commercial jealousies should prevent you from enjoying those advantages which may arise from good amity with America , and that you should not relax , for your own convenience , your own laws . Let America profit as much as she may , by any system which we adopt , while that system is serviceable to ourselves ; or , still more , let America profit as much as she may , by our adopting that which our own interest requires . But while I say this , I can not shut my eyes to the principle on which America proceeds in a sort of discussion , by which she appears not to rely on the force of reason , neither does she refer to the last resort of nations to enforce their will—the thunder of cannon . But she says , `` that she can make a commercial war upon you . '' It is one of the propositions which are most current in America `` that , by shutting up her ports , and by denying her produce to our colonies in the West Indies , she can reduce G. Britain to her own terms . '' That is the favourite topic in America . Why then , I would say , that I would not put myself more in her power . I would not become more dependant on her than I could help . Now , every body must admit , that this bill , and especially the arguments by which it is sup- 999 ported , make us very dependant upon her ; because they both proceed on the probability that we are in her power with respect to the very existence of our West India colonies ; and if you proceed on a recognition of that principle , every day your inability will increase ; because , in proportion as America gets hold of this trade , in the same proportion exactly your North American colonies are excluded from it , for it is quite impossible for your North American colonies to come in competition with America in trading to the West India colonies . You are informed , by papers on your table , that the ability of your North American colonies will decrease , clay after day , and that of America will increase in exact proportion to it ; and therefore you see , in this particular , as your power is decreasing in our North American colonies , your dependance on America is becoming greater . But satisfy yourselves first of the existence of the necessity ; and do not let us , by argument and presumption , without proof , put ourselves under America , and at her mercy , and in the state in which we are to be told , as in the year 1784 , that we could not do without America . It may be said , and we are to argue upon it , that this measure is not to touch any negotiation upon which public rumours are on foot , but we must act as if there had been no such thing ; I say that if yon go on with this trade , the British colonial system will come to an end altogether ; you will be disabled from carrying it on , because in time the whole of the British shipping will have vanished ; for in time of peace even , ships can not be restored . In the first place , it will take a course of years to bring you into the situation in a which you were ; for that reason , you should enter into an enquiry , that you may ascertain what you now have left , and what you are in possession of : for , under this system , every hour your situation grows worse , and more and more difficult . This is not like the operation