in the West Indies . These seemed but two considerations in such a case to be weighed ; first , whether the security was adequate , and secondly , whether the exigency , and the advantage likely to result , were such as justified an extraordinary interference ? If the interest of the India Company was alone concerned , he thought parliament would have a very strong inducement to lend its aid to an arrangement by which the prosperity of so great a commercial body must be materially promoted , but in the present instance the publick were in truth themselves direct parties , not merely in the more limited pecuniary sense , as entitled to share in the surplus profits , but in the larger though more remote view of the Company being the instrument by which India was to be governed and preserved to the British crown , in failure of whose resources the charge of defending those possessions must in fact fall on the state.—The great object to look to in the management of the Company 's finances , was , to have such a surplus in peace , as should make an effective progress in reducing the debt . If the suggestion which had been made added at once 800,000l . a year , to whatever the surplus might otherwise be , it was an augmentation of resource which , even in the more extended scale of the publick finances , could not but be attended with the most important and beneficial consequences . Those who had looked at the Company 's finances with hope and confidence , as he had done , must feel disposed to promote a measure which was obviously calculated to accelerate and secure all the advantages which the public had been taught to expect from them , and in which expectation they would not have been disappointed under any other circumstances than those of a continued War Expenditure ; but those who had been led to form mote gloomy conclusions , and to 1241 persuade themselves that India would yet prove a burthen , to the publick , ought to be the more eager , by these means , to postpone at least the evil day ; the saving to be effected by this transfer of debt being in itself sufficient , without adding to the existing charges , to enable the Company to borrow not less than from eight to ten millions , if the exigency of their affairs should require it , and consequently operate proportionably to defer any possible demand for direct aid front the publick.—The noble lord concluded by saying , that he thought it natural and proper that his majesty 's ministers should not be prepared till the actual accounts were received from India down to the close of the Mahratta war , to submit any conclusive plan to parliament upon this subject . He trusted however it would not be long delayed . It was to be presumed that the accounts which ought to have been before this time on the table , would arrive so as to admit of their being opened to parliament at the commencement of the next session . He should then hope that those immediately entrusted with the administration of India would be prepared to state the system upon which it was proposed to act . He trusted it would be one of energy proportioned to the necessity of rapidly reducing the debt abroad . He thought it ought to be preceded by a parliamentary enquiry . Whatever course his majesty 's ministers might , upon full communication with the court of directors , think fit to pursue , provided it was founded upon enlarged and operative principles , it should have his cordial support . He only deprecated postponing the necessary effort too long : if made in due time , the debt might be kept within abounds ; if not , it might hereafter , under the accumulating expenditure of war , prove fatal to the prosperity of the Company , and highly injurious to the general interests of the empire . said , he should not attempt