care of our own legislature . The difficulties attending the proper allowance of drawbacks he considered as very great . The orders for the foreign market were all made up in large casks ; and as it would be necessary to submit them to time inspection of the exciseman , he considered that the whole would be vexatious in the extreme . He was particularly anxious that the rising manufacture of unwrought iron should remain untouched . It would prove a source of incalculable riches to the country ; but should it be strangled in its infancy by the hands of the exciseman , the country would have reason to curse the hour when such a tax had been imposed . It was by our trade and manufactures , that we were enabled to hold such a distinguished rank among the nations of the world ; and while these were not discouraged by our own government , we had no reason to fear that the efforts of Buonapart ? would ever be able to drive them from the markets of Europe . They would continue to find their way into every part of the habitable globe . He therefore hoped that the noble lord would relinquish a tax that would prove so injurious ; and he could assure him , that high as his character stood , it would stand still higher in time public estimation , should he candidly listen to those strong representations that had been made , and retract a measure so impolitic and obnoxious . said , be hoped the noble lord would proceed with caution in this business He was afraid the operation of this tax would be attended with very serious and mischievous consequences to this country . He had seen statements , which said that foreign markets were . selling the same articles at lower rates than our own , such , particularly , as the grosser iron wares that were made in Sheffield . If this was the 79 case already , a tax upon the raw material here would raise the price of the several articles of manufacture so much , that the German markets would he able to undersell us . He wished some other mode might be resorted to , of raising money , rather than this , as the sum received would by no means counterbalance the inconveniencies that would arise from it , and the risk we were likely to run of the loss of our manufactures , from the extravagance of the price that must necessarily be laid on them , if this tax were to pass . expressed his entire concurrence with what had fallen from his hon . colleague , and complimented the hon . member who preceded him ( Mr. Mordaunt ) , on account of the elegant and impressive manner in which he had delivered his sentiments on the subject . He acknowledged , that the situation of the minister of finance had of late , every year , grown more and more difficult ; since almost every object of taxation had already been resorted to . It had therefore become difficult to select a tax that was not liable to some objections ; but on a fair estimate of all the arguments presented to his-mind , and perhaps also from certain prejudices which he might entertain , the present tax appeared peculiarly objectionable . It had been well observed , that the possession of iron was one of the great grounds of distinction between civilized and barbarous society ; and in the same proportion that this country had improved in manufactures and civilization , the manufacture of iron had been extended and improved , and found its way , by numerous meandering streams , into every department of civil life . The number of those employed in producing the raw material , and of those who afterwards wrought it up into every article of utility or elegance , was very great ; these were mostly men of athletic make , and great bodily vigour , which was a consideration of no small consequence , in viewing the general utility of a