expenses upon the country , without any advantage whatever . If he could prevail upon the noble lord to defer this bill till next session , to give to the former commissioners a few additional inspectors , and , in the mean time , to examine the accounts more deliberately , before doing any thing , he should be perfectly satisfied , as be was fully . convinced the noble lord would see the impropriety of the measures be was now so imprudently adopting . replied , that the measure under consideration had been adopted on the representations of those best qualified to judge of the propriety and expediency of it ; representations which , he had reason to think , had been made to the late , as Well as the present , treasury . He contended , and , when experience would afford a criterion of the tact , should contend , that this measure cotained provisions both new and efficient , both in the distinction of the boards , and the classification of the accounts into those in arrear there now under audit and the current accounts . The noble lord then refer red to the authority of the auditors themselves ; and read an extract from a letter , from them to the treasury in 1800 , to shew , that the bank accounts were part of the public accounts that ought to be audited by a separate and independent board . allowed , that the delay of auditing public accounts was an encouragement to fraud , and went to prevent proper persons from wishing to become public accountants . He spoke in commendation of 1024 the system adopted by the late chancellor of the exchequer . He bad the fullest confidence in the commissioners who composed the present board of audit , and the clerks annexed . He complained of the mode of swelling the sum now said to be unaccounted for , by including the same incidental sum several times in every accountant 's hands through which they had to pass . It was only those accountants that had a discretionary power that ought to be checked . It was the intention of the late chancellor of the exchequer , to prevent any considerable discretionary expence in any department of the public service , without the previous sanction of the treasury , which was to undertake all the responsibility.—The bill then went through a committee.—The report was ordered to be received to-morrow . The Irish Roads bill , the Irish Peerage bill , the Irish Revenue bill , the Land Tax Commissioners ' Mistake bill , and the Postage bill , were read a 2d time , and committed for the next day.—The duke of New castle took the oaths and his seat.—On the 2d reading of a bill for allowing the conveyance of a certain quantity of Coals to London by the Paddington canal , the earl of Suffolk said a few words in favour of this mode of supplying the metropolis with coals , which , he thought , did not go far enough . If an unlimited supply by the Paddington canal were allowed , it would tend materially to decrease the price of coals in the London market . Lord Eldon observed , that there being no duty on the coals by the Paddington canal , and a very heavy duty on the Newcastle coals , if the former were allowed to be brought here without limitation , they would drive the latter out of the market , and thereby destroy the nursery of those seamen to whom we were indebted for so many victories . The bill was then read a 2d time , and committed for the next day.—In the case of `` Lucina v. Crawford , '' lord Eldon , lord Ellenborough , and the lord chancellor , concurred in the opinion , that a venire facias de novo ought to issue , in order that the cause might be again tried in the Court of King 's Bench . The further consideration of the cause was postponed till the next day.—On the 2d reading of the