. An hon . gent . was mistaken who supposed , that because the fines were remitted which were due in consequence of the parish bill , that , therefore , the fines must be remitted which would become due under this bill . The reason that the fines were remitted to the parishes on the former bill was , that it was conceived unjust that they should be fined for not raising men , when it was impossible that they could have raised them-Nobody , however , would say , that there was any impossibility to prevent the service of those who should be balloted under the present bill . thought , that whatever there was of good or of evil in the present bill , should be extended as well to Scotland as to England . He did not like a gratuitous and unnecessary distinction be- 850 tween one part of G. Britain and the other . He thought the principle of the present bill was generally applicable to Scotland , for there was not more than a fourth of the whole population of that country under the circumstances which were stated as an objection . There were several parts of England and Wales that lay open to the same objection , but he did not see why the whole of Scotland should be exempted on account of the Circumstances of a part . As to the volunteers of Scotland , they were entitled to every degree of praise , but at the same time , he thought , that equal credit , was due to the volunteers of England , and therefore that the argument founded on a distinction between them was entitled to little weight . was of opinion , that the experiment would completely fail , and therefore , it was not of much consequence on what scale it was tried . perceived a great inconsistency in the arguments of the supporters of the bill . At one time , they spoke of it as an experiment , which , in another year , might be extended to Scotland ; and , at another time , they spoke of it as inapplicable to Scotland , on account of the smallness of its population . This last objection had no sort of connection with the former ; for whether the experiment succeeded in England , or whether it failed , the mountains of Scotland would not disappear and the Highlands would remain just as they were . As to the argument of freeing Scotland from the burden on account of the number of the volunteer corps , he must observe , that the more volunteer corps were scattered over the country , the less would be the pressure . If there were fewer corps in England , of course it was more difficult for men to escape the operation of this act , by entering into them , as men could not in every part of the country find a volunteer corps to join . There was another argument which had been stated , but which he could by no means assent to . The mover of the bill supposed that there was great dissatisfaction in Scotland about the militia . He would confidently assert , that , although there might have been some ferment in 1797 , when the militia was first introduced in Scotland , yet , at the present day , there was no dissatisfaction upon that subject . thought that the great advantage would be rather in the enrolling 851 the men , than in the training of them . As to the enrolment , he could see no reason why that should not take place in Scotland ; and as to the training , that was a thing which might or might not be acted on according , to the circumstances of the country . said it appeared to him that it was a serious objection to bringing on a measure which would affect Scotland so much at a period when a great number of the Scotch members had gone home and were at such a distance that it could not