be accurate , ought the volunteers to be undervalued ? Sir , it is a fact most notorious , that nothing made so strong an impression on the French government , during their hostile designs upon this country , as the energy manifested by 1112 the volunteers : the effect was equally felt by Buonaparte and his minister Talleyrand ; they saw , with mortification , that the nation would be indebted , for its independence , to its own valour . The people of England did not prostrate themselves , and petition the sovereign , O king ! hire us an army , and we shall be protected ; '' but they took the weapon into their own hands , to wield it in their own cause . I fairly say , that as the motion is now worded , I can not vote for it . I shall , therefore , before I sit down , submit to the house a middle proposition , not liable to the same objections with the original proposition . What were the motives of the hon . gentlemen , in the form in which they have shaped this motion , I will not prejudge ; but they may very correctly he ascertained , by the spirit in which they receive the variation I shall suggest . The passage to which I object is retrospective ; the language is , `` it is necessary to declare . '' Why is it `` necessary , '' unless something has been done indicative of a different temper to that which the motion is intended to exhibit ? It is admitted , on all sides , that if my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) have intimated any thing at all injurious to the volunteers , it is confined to mere expressions . In his acts , it is admitted on all sides , that he has done nothing which can , justly , be deemed prejudicial to them . But , has no dexterity been employed to pervert his meaning ? Sir , I will frankly confess that , formerly , I have had differences with my right hon . friend on this subject . He , perhaps , in the heat of debate , and in the ebullition of wit , used stronger terms than his deliberate judgment would have employed ; and , possibly , having altered his situation , he is not disposed to shew , that this change has governed his opinions . The motion I should wish now to substitute , would be similar to another to which I have already referred : `` That the thanks of this house be given to the several corps of yeomanry .and volunteers , for the promptitude and zeal with which they have stood forward for the defence of the country in the moment of public danger . '' This motion was acceded to , without a dissentient voice ; and I am not aware , how those who concurred in . that proposition can , consistently , resist that which I shall presently recommend . It has been said that rumours are abroad , that the government designs to discourage the volunteers . These vague reports are , however , met by a distinct avowal , by my 1113 right hon . friend , that the measure to which he has resorted will increase , and Can not diminish , their numbers . Whether the training bill is calculated to have this beneficial effect , it is not my present business to enquire . But , be they just , or incorrect , rumours have prevailed , and an idea has gone forth , that administration is unfriendly to the volunteer system ; and no more successful means can be employed , to prevent any misconstruction with regard to the intentions of ministers and parliament , than a vote of thanks , couched in terms expressive of the sense entertained of the important services of the volunteers . Again , they say , why do you not thank the navy and army , as well as the volunteers ? Sir