of Jamaica alone , in the course of six years . But the supplies from America did not rest solely on the ground of the necessity of procuring food for our colonies in the West Indies . There was a necessity of resorting to America for articles to enable the colonists to convey their produce to the mother country . It had been ascertained , by practice and experiment , that that part of the system of the Navigation laws , passed under circumstances and in times perfectly dissimilar to the present , should be suspended in time of war , especially such a war as the present , where the extent of coast in the power of the enemy rendered it necessary to employ so large a portion of the British shipping to watch them , the crews of which might otherwise add to our mercantile naval force . That the Navigation laws could not , in this instance , be adhered to , was clear , from the circumstance of the governors of the colonies having been under the necessity of suspending these laws , upon their own responsibility , ever since the year 1793 . The 339 necessity appeared from the representations of the colonies , and Jamaica in particular , from the acts of indemnity passed from year to year , and the circumstance that such indemnity had been in no case refused . At the same time it was clear , that the governors were not the persons on whom the responsibility ought to rest . It was utterly unfit , that they should either repeal or suspend so important a law . The object of this bill , therefore , was not to repeal , or definitively to suspend , any law ; but to permit his , majesty in council to do that by law , which had before been done against law , where the necessity of the case should require it ; and to relieve the governors from a responsibility which certainly ought not to attach upon them . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill for authorising his majesty in council to allow the importation and exportation of certain goods and commodities in neutral ships , in time of war , into and from his majesty 's territories in the West Indies and continent of South America . '' said , he felt it rather uncomfortable to enter upon this most important subject in so thin a house . No one respected the talents of the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) more than he did ; but he thought he was not sufficiently informed upon this subject . The noble lord had said , that this bill would repeal no law . Why , it would certainly repeal the Navigation laws to a certain degree . But he was still more alarmed at what had fallen from the noble lord , when he said , that there was an indispensable necessity for this during the war . He would therefore state how the matter really stood . By the regulation of the trade with America in 1783 , it was permitted to import certain American articles into the colonies , in British ships , manned , for the most part , with British seamen . There were representations Made by Jamaica , and some other colonies , that the supplies could not be sufficiently provided by British ships , The matter was investigated before the privy council , in 1784 . Both sides were heard ; and the result was , that the representations were unfounded , and his majesty was advised to continue the regulations as before , and they were continued thus till 1793 ; during which time the colonies were supplied with provisions , lumber , & c , as well , and as cheap , by British ships , as they could be by American vessels , The report 340 stated , that the colonies were to be supplied from America , in British ships , with such articles as they