, who presided as crown judge , did not deem it necessary to fine any individual a single farthing . On this part of the subject , the levying of excessive fines , including the conduct of the learned judge in question , to Mr. Irwin , then high sheriff of the county of Fermanagh , his lordship expatiated at length , and reprobated the conduct alluded to in strong and animated language , as tending to establish a species of precedent of the worst kind ; and one , more than any other , likely to be injurious to the rights , and destructive to the properties , of every description of his majesty 's subjects . Considering the difficulty and danger which had for many years attended the fulfilling of civil duties in Ireland , particularly during periods of commotion , when assured security was only to be found by the well-disposed in activity , it was essentially necessary that persons in the exercise of their duties should be protected from oppression , and the hazard of having their well-intended exertions converted to their injury and shame , in a quarter where they were most intitled to commendation and protection . The key stone of the virtue of .juries was their independence ; and since the days of judge Jefferies , this was the first instance in which that independence had been attempted to be subverted . It was not their own forwardness and presumption , but the constitution of the country that put men forward into the situation of jurymen ; and if , in the exercise of their functions and honest opinions , they were to be subjected to indignity , and to have their reputation assailed by a stigma , attempted to be affixed to their names for life , their situation would indeed be lamentable , and the high-prized privilege of Englishmen converted into a curse . The case in question was not one in which the judgments of their minds could be warped by any political or private prejudices . It was a case of murder ; and entertaining a doubt , they had followed that maxim , of no mean authority , '' better that fifty guilty men should escape , than that one men should suffer unjustly : '' Yet , for having returned a verdict of acquittal , they were themselves brought into court , and a sentence of infamy and excommunication passed upon them . The noble marquis next alluded to 766 the case of Mr. Hart , who had been called to the dock , and publicly branded with opprobrium , and a Charge of perjury , by the learned judge , from the bench , for having given a character to a prisoner who had served him in the capacity of agent . The case of this gentleman , his lordship said , might have been that of any other gentleman in Ireland , who received his rents through an agent . What became of the boasted rights of the people of this country , that every man was to be considered innocent until proved guilty , if a judge was not only to determine on the guilt of the party before him , but to deter others , by a dread of censure and infamy , from expressing an opinion of his innocence , and of his general character ? What would be the situation of the country , if the power of judges was to be exercised uncontrolled ? What , if this first application to parliament on such a subject was rejected ; or , which was worse , half heard ? And what became of the compact of union , to which their lordships had pledged themselves , and to which the Irish people looked for the protection of their lives , liberties , and property ? The spirit , patience , perseverance , and zeal they had manifested to stand by those who stood by them , entitled them to have justice purely administered , and to redress , when it was vitiated or denied them . The interest and prosperity of