having given notice of a motion for to-morrow , his purpose was answered , and he meant to give way to the hon . gentleman . called to the recollection of the house , that his notice on this subject was given the day before the debate took place upon the noble lord 's motion , and he appealed to the judgment of the house , whether any delay in the prosecution of this business was attributable to him . Ld . Temple moved the 2nd reading of the American Intercourse bill ; and on the motion was , that counsel should he called in , spoke to the following effect.—No man , in this house rates the abilities of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) more highly than I do , but he has not considered this subject with the attention it merits . He says the bill under consideration repeals no law . It is true , sir , the word `` repeal '' does not occur in it ; but the enactments do effectually and expressly remove all the colonial restraints in the principle of which established as early as the time of Richard II . ; further regulations were made for the benefit of British shipping in subsequent reigns , till that of Charles II . when the system was brought to nearly its present state of perfection . Under the wise and provident restrictions of the law then passed , our naval power has grown to its present strength ; it is on that ground , I contend , no permanent alterations should suddenly be adopted distinction between a repeal and a perpetual suspension , as in this case , will be found to be rather a nice-one . The act . of the 12th of Charles II . ch . 18. provides `` that nothing shall be imported into , or exported front the plantations , '' except in British ships , on pain of forfeiting the ships , & c. Under this bill the importation and exportation in Foreign 687 vessels into and from our islands is unlimited ; but we are told , that in point of fact , this act has been supended from time to time , the truth of which , during the last and present war , partially and for limited periods , I admit ; but that was , however , done under a severe and strict responsibility of the governors of the several islands , who were amenable to the secretary of state for their conduct , and on whose representation their indemnity from parliament depended ; there was therefore reasonable security against the misapplication of their power , and that is completely rescinded by this measure . We are told indeed that the responsibility is only shifted to his majesty 's ministers ; what reliance we may have on that may be judged from what fell from the right hon . gent . who professes a decided opinion that this is indispensably necessary in time of war , and thinks it may be fit to be continued also in peace . Such sentiments from an authority so high and respectable are seriously alarming : and if acted upon , a deadly blow will be given to our naval power . I will bring under the view of the committee as shortly as I can , the regulations made for governing the trade between Great Britain and her colonies , and the American States , from the time of the separation of the latter from the former . After the conclusion of the American war , the new situation in which we were placed by this event , led to an act being passed in 1783 , to enable his majesty by orders in council to make regulations for carrying on the trade with America , under the authority whereof a proclamation was issued , confining the trade between the United States and our colonies to British ships exclusively . At that restriction the assembly of Jamaica , and the West India proprietors in general became greatly alarmed , and made lively and