observed in reply , that there would have been no difficulty in framing the warrant so as to avoid the inconvenience of an interregnum . If an illegal assumption of power was to be denominated from the woolsack a conundrum or quibble , he should feel it incumbent on himself to bring that principle to some specific form before the house.—The . question being put , the motions made by the noble viscount were rejected without a division . brought up the report of the resolutions of the committee of supply , settling the augmentations to be made to the provisions for the different branches of the royal family , & c. On their being read a second time , to make a few observations on the nature of the grants which the resolutions contained . He thought the house should pause before they voted away such large sums of the public money , at a period of such peculiar difficulty . Some of the royal dukes were already in possession of regiments , rangerships , and emoluments arising from various offices , and therefore there was the less occasion for this addition to their income . He did not allude to all the grants , some of them might be very proper , and that to her royal highness the duchess of Gloucester , he considered as too small ; but he thought the emoluments which different branches of the royal family derived from offices which they held , should be taken into account . said , that though he gave the hon . gent . full credit for , his feelings of œconomy , yet he trusted , from what he had stated on a former night , that the house would not consider the present as a lavish expenditure of the public money , at a period which called for the strictest œconomy ; and mentioned , with regard to two royal persons , that certain tables and other allowances had been lately suppressed , which had cost the public nearly as much as their additional allowances would do . expressed his full assent to the bill ; and observed , that in respect to some of the princes , the discontinuance of their allowances under the civil list , would amount to more than the augmentation in their incomes . He considered the votes to be extremely moderate , when he called to mind that 50 years ago the allowance to the then duke of Gloucester was 15,000l . As to the offices which some of the princes might hold at the royal pleasure , they should not be taken into contemplation , when the question was respecting a permanent provision.—The report was then agreed to , and bills ordered to be brought in on the first four resolutions . then moved the order of the day for the third reading of the American Intercourse bill . said , that , though he did not expect to make much impression upon , ministers , he yet thought it necessary to take this last opportunity of re-stating his objections to the bill . He regretted much the thin attendance in the house , when a subject of such great importance was discussed , and thought it unbecoming to push on the bill at so late a period of the session , and in so thin a house . From all his communications with West India merchants and planters , and those engaged in the trade with Canada , and also with the ship owners of this country , he thought the present bill hostile to the interests of our commerce . He had been informed by American merchants , that not less than one-third , and even one-half of the sailors navigating American ships , were British-born subjects . The present , therefore , was not the time to discourage our shipping and navigation interests , and to drive still more of our seamen into the American service . For some time after the first suspension of the navigation laws in 1793 , the vessels and ship owners were fully employed as transports , so that sufficient