. Ordered.—The Greenwich chest and Greenwich hospital bills were brought up , read a first time , and 869 ordered to be read a second time , and to be printed.—On the motion of Mr. Windham , the training bill was committed , When a discussion took place on every clause ; the whole , however , was at length got through , the house resumed , the report was received , and ordered to be taken into farther consideration the next day.—Mr . Yorke gave notice that he should on the third reading of the bill propose a clause , enabling his Majesty , if a sufficient number of volunteers to his satisfaction should offer , to suspend the operation of the bill . said , that seeing an hon . Member in his place , who had moved for certain papers relative to the Barrack department he wished to know whether he meant to bring forward any motion on them ? answered , that he made a motion for such papers , but that the business had been taken out of his hands by the chancellor of the exchequer , and if he did justice to the cause he had taken in hand , it would not be necessary for him to make any motion on the subject ; but if the chancellor of the exchequer did not pursue it , he would make a motion on the subject in the course of the present week . wished the hon . Member would name the day , as he had other papers to move for , which would throw more light on the subject . replied that he understood by what had passed that the chancellor of the exchequer had abandoned the business , and he therefore gave notice , that he would , on Friday , bring forward a motion on the subject . said he had no authority from the chancellor of the exchequer , who was not then in his place , to say he had abandoned the business , nor did he say any such thing . The Insolvent Debtors bill was read a third time and passed , with an amendment proposed by lord Ellenborough , the object of which was to exclude persons from the benefit of the act , who were in custody under verdicts obtained against them for any malicious injury.— Lord Westmoreland thought that every possible information that could throw light on the present state a our affairs in India , should 870 be laid before the house before the , discussion which expected to take place Friday next . He should therefore move an humble address to his majesty , praying he would be graciously pleased to give instructions for the production of the following papers , to which he did not conceive there could be any objections , viz . a copy of the warrant issued under his majesty 's sign manual , vacating the commission of the governor general of Bengal , & c. granted.—A copy of the treaties lately received from India , & c. granted.—A Copy of dispatches , if any , which might tend to explain the nature of these treaties . Also , a copy of dispatches , if any , which related to the means of meliorating the financial state of our East India possessions.—Lord Minto said , that he willingly agreed to the production of the three . first papers , moved for by the noble earl ; but he should think it improper to produce the two latter , which contained only confidential opinions , which were not intended to be made public . presented a petition from the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company , against the bill for incorporating the Globe Insurance Company , praying to be heard by counsel against the same . Referred to the committee , on the said bill . On the motion of sir J. Sinclair , the house went in to a committee , to consider the report of the committee on the Expiring Laws , in which a resolution was agreed to , that the act of the 45th of