10th of August 1804 , respecting the claims of Messrs Chalmers and Cowie . Ordered . brought up the report of the committee of Ways and Means , upon the propositions moved yesterday by sir John Newport.—The resolution being read respecting the duty on Sugar , said , that the rt . hon . baronet had proposed a temporary duty in order to provide for the interest of a permanent loan , which was not only a novel , but , in his opinion , unwise mode of proceeding . But if he understood the meaning of the rt . hon . baronet correctly , he seemed to think that it was not necessary to raise any taxes for the payment of interest as long as there was any surplus revenue . The surplus revenue of Ireland , over and above the joint contribution , was only about 700,000l . applicable to the payment of the whole of her separate charge , and the rt . hon . baronet seemed to think that as long as any of this surplus remained , it was not necessary to impose any new tax . If the rt . hon . baronet did not 57 mean that , upon what principle was it that he proposed a temporary duty to pay the interest of a permanent loan ? This duty upon Sugar in Ireland was proposed in consequence of a similar duty being laid on in this country , but the duty in Great Britain would cease with the war , and then the duty in Ireland must cease also.The rt . hon . baronet was introducing an entirely new principle , and it was a subject that deserved consideration , because they were now coming rapidly to that period when the debts of the two countries would bear that proportion to each other that they must , according to the act of Union , be united . He by no means contended that the whole of the supplies for Ireland should be raised within the year , but certainly taxes should be imposed to pay the interest of the loan . said , that he did last night , in the most distinct manner , protest against any such interpretation being put upon what he had said as that now attempted by the rt . hon . gent . He had never stated that he would not propose any taxes while there remained any surplus revenue ; but that as there were measures in contemplation that , he hoped , would very materially improve the revenue , and as he had been but a very short time in office , and had not an opportunity of fully considering the state of the country , he wished to propose taxes that should press as lightly upon the people as possible . With respect to raising the supplies within the year , why did not the rt . hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Foster ) do it when he was in office ? That rt . hon . gent . had had ample opportunity of knowing the state of the country before he came into office , whereas it was impossible for him ( sir J. Newport ) to obtain the necessary information , not being able to visit the country during the short time he had been in office . It was admitted that this duty ought to be laid on in consequence of the duty imposed in this country , but it was said that it would not be productive ; he certainly did look to it for produce ; but gentlemen ought not to press that as an argument against him , when they admitted that he was bound to propose this duty , a similar one having been laid on in this country . He might , he was sure , if he had thought proper , have estimated the other taxes higher than he had done ; but he wished to be within bounds , But , surely , it would not be contended that if all the taxes together produced the sum wanted ,