although their services were not to be deemed as entirely useless , they were certainly very inefficient . The noble persons who had then , for some time , held those 296 official situations ( lord Bute and lord Sondes ) , although they remembered tolerably well that there were salaries to be received , yet , in process of time , forgot that there were also duties to be performed ; and though they never omitted regularly to receive the salaries attached to their situations , their official lassitude sunk at least into a total neglect of those duties . The consequence was , that , the business being now much in arrear , the accounts , which accumulated during the progress of the American war , became so complicated , and expanded to such an extent , as to impress strongly upon the minds of the legislature and the public , the necessity of some more efficient plan of investigation . Foremost to participate in this feeling , the late right hon . gent. , then at the head of the finances , formed the project of instituting commissioners to enquire into the public accounts , The defect which had so long prevailed on this point was too obvious to escape the observation of his luminous mind . He saw that the auditors , whose duty it was to examine , had no authority to demand the production of accounts in any department . The parties concerned came forward , or held back , entirely at their own option ; and the fees of the officer were not in proportion to the vigilance he exerted in the investigation , but to the number of accounts he dispatched ; consequently the officer who could most speedily get through the greatest number of accounts , had the greatest share of credit with the applicant , and of course the greatest share of emolument , as that , in a great measure , consisted of a poundage upon the amount of the bills . Every account that came to them was dispatched without any other examination than the total of the marginal figures . The right hon . gent . therefore , felt it indispensably necessary to rescue the accounts of the country from such a state of confusion , and the public expenditure from the endless liability to fraud and peculation , to which it was exposed ; and he therefore brought in this bill to suppress the offices of joint auditors held by the two noble persons before alluded to , and to institute a new board of commissioners of accounts . But notwithstanding the Herculean labours encountered by the gentlemen who composed that board , and notwithstanding the immense mass of public accounts through which they waded , yet under the various vicissitudes in which the country 297 had been since involved , such an arrear of unexamined expenditure had accumulated , as to render it absolutely necessary that some system of examination should be instituted , to draw the national accounts out of the contusion in which they now stood , and , if possible , to bring up the arrear which had been so long growing , and had at length arrived at a magnitude scarcely credible . Besides the five commissioners of accounts who were appointed under the bill to which he alluded , two other commissioners , totally distinct , were appointed to investigate the military accounts ; but here again accumulation had so completely outstripped research and industry , that the principal share of the arrears had accrued under that head . For that system of controul over military expenditure , ( and it was much to be lamented it had ever fallen into disuse , ) this country was indebted to lord Godolphin . Of the system established by that wise minister , so highly important and useful to the country at that day , he should make no apology for reading a short outline . The commissioners then , or , as they were more properly called , the comptrollers of military expenditure , took cognizance of all monies issued from