the public service ? He thought that great part of the tax must revert on government , which was itself so great a consumer of the article in question , loaded as it necessarily must be with the additional expense of collection . observed , minutely , on all the arguments which had been made use of in the course of the debate . It had been stated , he said , that the house had always abstained from imposing taxes on the raw material , and particularly iron . It was but lately that iron came to be manufactured to any great extent in this country , but the taxes on foreign iron were multiplied session after session ; and , in fact , there were many other taxes which acted as a direct tax on iron , and which never were opposed ; he meant the taxes on wood and coals . He could not allow that it would destroy the great iron works , the roads and bridges ; the same argument would apply to that , which applied to the foreign trade , namely , that the fluctuation in the price never put a stop to these great works ; though it diflered so much as to be in the year 1799 , 16l . a ton ; in 1803 , 19l . ; and immediately after that to fall to 14l . ; and yet this fluctuation had no effect on the trade . The statements that had been referred to , were much exaggerated , and the drawbacks in the bill were sufficient to cover the trade from the effect of the tax . In some instances the drawback proposed to be allowed exceeded that demanded by the manufacturers ; in others they were less ; but every liberality would be extended to the wishes of gentlemen on the subject , and the drawbacks might be modified or extended so as to be satisfactory to those concerned . As to the excise , he appealed to his hon . and learned friend , ( Mr. Perceval ) , whether any harsh provisions on that head existed in the bill . Indeed , such provisions were unnecessary , because a bar of pig iron was an article that could not easily be smuggled . The tax would bear so small a proportion to the immense capital employed in such concerns , that they could not he materially affected thereby . He could see nothing in the state of the countries on the continent , to give rise to the apprehensions entertained with respect to the foreign trade . As to America , it was a country in the infancy of 85 its population , and no wise government would encourage in such a country the employment of its subjects in manufactures to any extent , that would enable them to rival this country . The population of that country would be wisely directed to the more productive employment of cultivating their country . With respect to the question put by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , he had only to say , that the quantity of iron stated to be consumed by government was considerably over-rated ; 90,000 tons in the course of the year , had been mentioned ; but on reference to the papers on the table , it would be found that the average was not more than from 15 to 20,000 . His hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had stated , that a tax on servant would be more adviseable ; but he was convinced , that if attempted , it would be the cause of the greatest complaints throughout the country . For these reasons , he hoped the hon . gent . would withdraw their opposition , and suffer the bill to go into a committee . professed that it was with reluctance he opposed any measure of his majesty 's present ministers , as he felt the greatest confidence in their integrity and talents . He was averse , however , to this bill in the first instance , though he would