ready , fairly and honestly , to render up every species and sort of their property , they were , by every consideration of justice and equity , entitled to the benefits of the compromise . The noble and learned lord , opposite , ( Eldon ) when he presented some petitions hostile to this measure of relief , had said , that they merited the particular attention of the house . In that remark he fully coincided . They did indeed merit the attention of their lordships ; but it was as objects of curiosity : and he could not help expressing his surprise , that that noble and learned lord should have presented petitions so incompatible with the principles and maxims of every regular and constitutional policy in all free states . These petitioners had inveighed against the provisions of a bill of which they were totally ignorant , and which was not known even to their lordships . Without proving to their lordships any immediate concern that they had in the express object of the bill , they had assumed the right , not of petitioning , but of delivering their conclusive opinion on the principle which was likely to occupy the attention of the legislature . One strong inducement with him why the bill should no longer be deferred was , that the , greater the delay , the greater would be the injury to the creditors , from the additional num 158 ber of debtors ? which such delay would enable to take the advantage of it . Taking this measure in every point of view , of policy , justice , and humanity , he felt the legislature imperiously called on to sanction this act of relief , for so large a portion of their unfortunate , distressed , and suffering countrymen in explanation , said , that one reason why he objected to the bill was , because it contained no such principle of discrimination as had been alluded to by the noble lord ( Moira ) ; but that it went to set all at liberty , to , discharge the whole in the gross . He was convinced , from the acknowledged liberality of British traders , that they would be found , on all occasions , ready to indulge their debtors in the most liberal manner possible ; and he would take upon him to say , that , there , was scarcely an instance where , if they perceived any inclination on the part of the debtor to act justly , to the extent of his ability , they were not always anxious to release him . He must impress upon their lordships ' mind that if this bill ; should pass into a law , the prisoners would be for ever discharged , as to their persons , without any satisfaction to their injured creditors . This was a hardship which tended to the destruction of all trade and credit , as was fully admitted by the preamble of the bill itself.—The question was then put , and the house divided ; For the commitment 10 ; Against it 5 ; Majority : 5 . The house accordingly resolved itself into a committee , proformâ A message from the lords announced their lordships ' intention of proceeding with the trial of lord Melville , at 10 o'clock to-morrow , in Westminster Hall.—On the motion of the Secretary at War , the Mutiny bill passed through a committee.— Lord Howick brought up the Report of the committee of Supply , the resolutions of which , for a provision to the family of the late lord Nelson , were read and agreed to , and leave given to bring in a bill in pursuance of the same.—Sir J. Newport brought up the Irish Stamp Duty bill , the Irish Loan bill , and the Irish Tea Duty bill , all which were read a first time . and addressed the house as follows : —Mr . Speaker , I now rise , pursuant to my notice , to call the attention 159 of the house to the papers laid on