noble lord near him ( lord Howick ) had brought forward his propositions for an increase of pay to the navy , from the admiral down to the seaman , his intention to advise his majesty to recommend a similar augmentation of pay to the army , some estimate of the amount of such augmentation ought to have been submitted to the house , and , if any substantive object , beyond the unnecessary parade of such an intimation was intended , the noble lord would have to provide for it by a supplemental budget . If this were to have been matter of separate consideration , the estimates now proposed might as well have been submitted to a final decision in March last . The expence of the projected training , which he looked upon as the most burthensome part of the plan , ought to have been included in the estimates . Was the house ever to be informed of the mode of proceeding of the right 316 hon . gent. ? On the first day of the session , at a critical period , the consideration of an important question could not be deferred beyond the day fixed ; and yet four months had now elapsed since the gentlemen had come into office , and the only thing they had done , the only symptom of life that had appeared during their ministerial existence , was to bring forward the repeal of the Additional Force acts , by a bill , containing the detestable clause relative to the re-payment of the penalties . The Irish chancellor of the exchequer , had also brought in a bill for allowing the Irish militia to volunteer their services to this country ; and as that was a measure which he had himself supported , the hon , baronet had his thanks for it ; though from every thing the right hon . gent . had said on the subject formerly , it did not appear to have met his approbation . If government could make up their minds on the subject , and he thought they were at present trembling between the difficulties of the country and the projects into which they had rashly precipitated themselves , he implored ministers , and particularly the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , to inform the house what proceedings he meant to adopt , and not to bring forward their measures one after another , whereby the attention of the house might be exhausted . He asked of his majesty 's ministers also to state , when they meant to bring their measures forward , and to allow sufficient time between their introduction and their final decision . He wished them to give the house time to consider a subject , which had taken them two months to make up their minds upon , after the disgrace and ignominy of coming so often with estimates to parliament . He did not think it fair for ministers to take credit for economy at the expence of the late government . The reduction in the cavalry they would have carried into effect , but the reduction of the waggon train he disclaimed . The statements were founded on a false principle of economy . He called on the right hon . gent . to state in what parliamentary shape he meant to bring forward his plan for limited service , which was to alter the whole system of the army , whether in a separate act , or in the mutiny bill ; and if in the latter shape , he trusted he would bring it forward in a manly manner in the face of the bill , and not attempt to introduce it sculking into the bill at a late stage of its progress . He could not see what ministers 317 had done since they had been in office , except explain away the impressions produced by the speech of the right hon . gent . said , the noble lord had railed in a very good style ; his terms were strong , and well selected for his