others entirely restrained in furnishing supplies of beef and pork , will by this bill be set free from all restraint , will by this bill be set free from all restraint , and will infallibly undersell the merchants of Ireland.— The noble lord has not yet endeavoured to shew the contrary , but has dwelt on the necessity of pursuing the system of relaxation as a necessary one , contenting himself with round assertions that the West India colonies can not exist under the West India colonies can not exist under any other ; now that is the whole matter that is at issue between us , and for which I so earnestly implore enquiry . Grant us that and we will be satisfied . If the interest of our navigation must give way to the preservation of our colonies , let us at least know that the sacrifice we are about to make is a necessary one . Many other objections to this measure occur to me , but I fear I have already tired the committee with a statement of these important points . The noble lord says it is perfectly right to shift the responsibility from the governors of the islands to the privy council , but the slightest attention will convince gentlemen , that if you release the governors from responsibility , you leave none any where ; they are the only persons to whom any either can or ought to attach , because they alone can have any knowledge whatever of the circumstances which should lead to opening the ports to foreigners ; with a severe responsibility upon them , they will never do so except in cases of real and pressing necessity , as on that their indemnity must depend . By what possible means can ministers in this country have a knowledge of famine or distress in the West Indies , in time to instruct the governors to admit supplies in American ships ? It is an insult to our understanding to talk of it . If this bill shall pass into law , there will be neither restraint nor responsibility of any sort or any where . The noble lord has , however ( somewhat unguardedly perhaps ) , assigned a reason for this measure of a very different nature from any I have yet alluded to : he has told us that the governors of the islands can not know all the political circumstances which should guide our conduct in regulating our America . That indeed opens a new and wide field for discussion ; it admits of a possibility that it may be thought right , from considerations of policy , to relax 693 not only the laws , of this country , hitherto held sacred , but what the writers of all nations have uniformly decided to be the fundamental law of Europe : that the parent state shall enjoy , exclusively , t e trade to its own colonies . In American newspapers , however , loud complaints have been made of our navigation laws having been enforced , as acts of injustice , and it is notorious there is an impression of this sort in the United States ; this is surely not the season therefore for abandoning the principle of them . I am confident no one can rationally doubt this who considers with attention the relative situation of this country and America at the present moment . We are , however , about to give up gratuitously to America an important point , which it seems she has not even asked for , either as a matter of right or of favour , and which it is more our interest now than it ever before was to withhold from her . The noble lord has told us , that although the principle of the navigation law was a wise one when it was passed , it has ceased to be so ; and that many instances may occur in which it may be expedient to depart from it . I am inclined to think , however , that his lordship has taken up that