had no reason to complain , if his object should not be ultimately attained . He must , however , be allowed to observe , that he wished the house not to separate without affording to him an opportunity of saying , that there was no idea of intending to defame Mr. Trotter . No such intention was entertained by his noble friend . He had stated , very fairly , the different characters in which Mr. Trotter had been employed by government , ever since the American war ; during which time , said the right hon . secretary , I believe he has discharged his duty to the public with very great and distinguished ability ; but the very capacity in which Mr. Trotter acted , rendered it almost impossible that there should not be great confidence in that officer ; and the security , for his discharge of the duties of his office , must rest entirely on his integrity . That his accounts are not audited , is not strictly true , for they do undergo an audit ; but that can not be so strictly done , as to prevent the possibility of frauds , and even enormous frauds . observed , that the noble lord ( Henry Petty ) had said , he should not alter his tone , on any occasion of the investigation of public affairs ; he did not desire that he should ; but his feelings and sensations were excited by what fell from the noble lord by way of observations , not upon him . but upon a right hon . friend of his , now no more . These observations were not favourable to the ministerial memory of that great and departed statesmen ( Mr. Pitt ) . Very different conduct had been observed by a right hon . gent . on the other side , for which he had a claim on his gratitude . He then proceeded it defend his own conduct in administration under Mr. Pitt . The noble lord had complained , that there was no account of the expeditions to the Helder or to Egypt . Good God ! had the noble lord forgotten the pains which 363 were taken by Mr. Pitt to accelerate all public accounts of this nature ; and that it was not his fault , that they had not been all forth-coming without delay ? By his direction , 35 or 36 clerks had been added to a public office for that purpose ; nor was Mr. Pitt contented with that ; but he followed it up with various directions for a better mode of investigation of those accounts . But the noble lord had asked him , if he thought there was no evil in the arrears of public accounts . He admitted there was an evil in it ; but it was fitting the house should know to whom the delay was owing ; it was neither to himself , nor to the late Mr. Pitt . As to the different relations in which Mr. Trotter stood towards government , he had said , and he must repeat it , that he did not know , nor had he any means of knowing , Mr. Trotter 's mode of supplying articles for the army until he became paymaster-general , and in that character he was only a mere banker , and had no discretion ; he was astonished at the payments which were made to the amount of 10 millions ; but if there was any blame imputable to Mr. Trotter , in any part of these accounts , he was sorry that the noble lord 's friend ( Mr. Windham ) was not present , to defend himself for having continued Mr. Trotter in so many different characters under government ; however , the noble lord should not put these matters to him ( Mr. Rose ) , for he was not responsible for , nor even apprised of them ; the noble lord should direct his observations to those who were concerned , and not to those who knew nothing of the matter .