; for it would not only trench upon the prerogative of the crown , like the other military bills of the right hon . gent . by taking away from the discretion of his majesty those regulations which should come from the crown 619 as boons and favours of the sovereign to encourage good conduct in the soldier , but by giving that soldier a definitive , positive , and legal claim to those boons and favours , stipulated at his inlistment , it would encourage indiscipline , and a spirit of independence of the approbation of his superiors , at all times the very soul of discipline , and in this respect it would prove also a hotbed for the produce of law-suits . No such attempt to tamper with the army of the country had ever been made since the time of the Long Parliament previous to the Revolution of 1641 . The bill , too , as it stood , held out a fallacious enactment to the recruit . Another objection was , that there had been no estimate whatever laid before the house , as to the probable expence , nor any explanation given by the right hon . gent . as to his own view of the subject , or in what manner he proposed to carry the bill into effect . Thus , the house was called upon to vote in the dark , and to hold itself up to the ridicule of the country , along with the authors of the measure , and to involve in their disgrace and contempt those members , as parties to the measure , who bad strenuously opposed it . The right hon . gent . who , for three years past , had made the alledged imperfections and absurdities of the existing military system the constant theme of his animadversion , and who , it might have been reasonably supposed , would be prepared with a faultless system of his own , to offer the moment he had an opportunity ; yet now , after a delay of three or four months deliberation and invention ; after having caused his colleague the secretary at war , to bring forward no less than four successive mutiny bills , upon as many different estimates , to give further time for the grand measure , after all came forward with a system so complicated , so unintelligible , so unsatisfactory even to himself , so impracticable , and so subversive of that old established and long-tried system , by which the military glory of this realm had been maintained , as to excite universal disapprobation out of doors and that of a great portion of the best informed members within those walls . But , the noble lord said , he did not mean to give the right hon . gent . who brought forward this bill , an exclusive monopoly for that systematic absurdity , to the participation of which his colleagues had established so many obvious and unquestionable claims : the same system of slovenly cobbling and bungling marked all their measures of financial and 620 commercial arrangement . Here the noble lord adverted to the Pig-Iron tax , and Private Brewery tax , the first obstinately maintained and then abandoned ; to the recurrence to old systems of taxation , instead of any thing new being provided ; to the obnoxious modification in the Property tax ; the American Intercourse , and the Slave Trade Prohibition bills . The oldest members of that house had not known business so unsatisfactorily transacted as during the last three months ( hear ! hear ! from the opposition bench ) , and that by a set of men who had made themselves singularly conspicuous for their censure of the measures of their predecessors.—The noble lord was proceeding to expatiate on those several measures , when he was called to order by who said that such observations were totally irrelevant to the bill before the house . resumed , however , his observations , and was again called to order by , who observed , that if the noble lord