of precluding the slightest opposition . It was drawn up according to preceding bills generally ; but care was taken that no novel proposition should obtain in it , especially in favour of the debtor . Indeed , he was free to confess , that it was far from answering all those purposes which might be expected even from a limited measure of this kind , and was , by no means , as comprehensive as the indulgence of his own feelings and opinions on the subject would have induced him to have brought forward . He was , therefore , not a little surprised , to find petitions presented to their lordships to prevent its adoption . It was his wish , as well as that of the learned and noble lord ( Ellenborough ) , to look to the interest of the creditor as well as to the interest of the debtor . In cases of this kind it was the duty of their lordships to consider the situation of both . In his mind every consideration of humanity demanded some such measure as the present . Relative to the increased frequency of such acts , he must affirm , that the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) had assumed , as a fact , what the journals of the house would prove to be incorrect . There , he would find that , in the early part of the present 149 reign they were much more frequent than they had been of later years . In the years 1764 , 66 , 68 , 1772 , 74 , 76 , 78 , 1781 , acts were passed for the relief of insolvent debtors ; they were then not only more frequent , but more extensive in their general provisions , and embraced a much greater sum ; and not until the last act , was the clause ( a clause , if he recollected right , proposed by the noble and learned lord opposite ( Eldon ) , making the future property of the debtor liable ) ever introduced . Much stress had been laid upon the fraudulency of many persons , who perhaps may be released by the provisions of this act ; but the debtor who was not fraudulent , but unfortunate , appeared to have been wholly left out of sight . The house should consider , that this person was placed in a situation suffering innumerable hardships , without the possibility of exerting himself to provide for the liquidation of his lawful debts . In answer to the alledged increased frequency of these acts , he had to impress on their lordships ' recollection , that for debtors of a different description , there was a code of laws , of a very different nature , not only perpetual , but much more extensive in their operation than any temporary act of this kind ever professed to be : he meant that code applying to the case of merchants , traders , & c. commonly called the Bankrupt Laws . Those laws afforded to a man the means of declaring himself in solvent ; by which , upon paying a certain poundage upon his debts , he was relieved from all further molestation , and his future property rendered clearly and exclusively his own . In this point of view , it was far from his intention to censure the code of laws to which he had alluded ; he most sincerely believed , that they contributed more effectually to preserve credit , as having a directly contrary tendency to those laws which regarded the concerns of inferior debtors . All that this bill claimed for the unfortunate debtors , for whose relief it was intended , was to place them upon the same level as bankrupts ; but with this material difference , that where the future industry of bankrupts was not fettered , the future property of the insolvent was expressly made liable . Thus , under every view of the case , the condition of the creditor was ameliorated , as in place of the imprisonment of the person