the day for their discussion , would be taking the house by surprise , since many members would not have returned after the holidays , on that day . He wished also that it should be understood , when the discussion took place , that the whole system proposed should be brought under review . He suggested that the first Monday after the recess was the very earliest day on which the discussion could with any propriety come on . He entertained doubts whether a call of the house might not be expedient , preparatory to a decision on one of the most important measures that ever came before parliament , and in that case it could not come on in less than a fortnight , The protraction of the discussion which had already taken place , should not now be remedied by precipitation . He thought it would also have been but fair , that some estimate should have been laid before the Louse by the right hon . secretary , of the expence likely to be incurred by the additional pay to the army , and by the levy-en-masse . Were a statement of this expence to be laid before the house , he believed that those savings , for Which ministers took so much credit to 322 themselves , would be nearly done away . It would appear that what was retained by the one hand was given away by the other . He ridiculed the idea of substituting three itinerant major-generals for inspecting the volunteers , in the room of those inspectors at present employed ; and concluded with observing , that whenever the discussion on the clause in the mutiny bill should come on , he would take that opportunity of delivering his sentiments on the whole combined system . in explanation , said , that he would certainly take the sense of the house , whether the Mutiny bill should proceed to a committee on Friday se'nnight , if any opposition was made to that proposal . It was perfectly in the right hon . gentleman 's option to debate the clause in what manner he pleased ; but he must not be angry if he and his hon . friends should decline replying to any speech which he might deliver , that appeared to involve topics extraneous to that immediately before the house . Since the union with Ireland , no call of the house had taken place ; and he could not see that it was called for by the present measure , in preference to others of equal importance that had been discussed in the house during the last session . was anxious that more time should be granted : for he was not aware of what clauses might be proposed in the Mutiny bill ; or what was the ultimate decision of the right hon . gent . respecting the leading features of his plan . What was the term and limit of service that was to be proposed to men when enlisting ? Were they to have the powers of claiming their discharge in time of war ? Was it equally to affect the cavalry and artillery with the rest of the army ? Was it to extend to the army now existing ? Surely these were important and complicated questions , to the discussion of which gentlemen could not be expected to come prepared so soon as Friday se'nnight . fully admitted the right of the right hon . gent . to put such questions , and replied , that the limitation of service was meant to apply to the corps of artillery , and the cavalry , as well as the infantry of the regular army . With regard to the period of war , and when on foreign service , he had proposed that an addition of six months to the stipulated term should take place ; and it might , perhaps , be proper to give a still farther ex- 323 tension of perhaps two or three years to this period in time of war . But he wished to have it always distinctly understood