the motion of the hon . gent. , whom he was proud to call his friend . observed , that it had been asserted for a fact , that this Atkins was dismissed on the affidavit of a man who had suffered by Atkins ' giving information of his peculations . He had no reason to suppose that the dismissal was not right , but he could wish that the matter should be stated to the satisfaction of the house . denied that the barrack-master had been dismissed on account of any information he had given , but merely because there were inaccuracies in his accounts . considered it very extraordinary , that this man , who appeared now to be the most improper of all persons , should be so long continued in a situation of trust and confidence , that none but an honest should be placed in . said , that he knew nothing of this barrack-master when he was first appointed , and had only heard that he was an officer somewhat distressed , and that there was nothing then said against his character . It was not surprising that the discovery should have been made in the manner it was ; for the fact was , that there was so little public spirit generally going , that it usually proceeded from the irritation of sonic private quarrel , that transactions of this sort came to light . He did not see how parliament could take the business into its own hands , or do more than generally recommend it to the commissioners to enquire diligently into abuses of this nature . If these commissioners did not do their duty , other commissioners should be appointed ; but he did not see how that house could examine into every separate abuse that might be complained of . thought it was the duty of the house to look diligently into abuses , when they were stated , and , as guardians of 1181 the public purse , to be generally distrustful of them . He did not expect much good from one set of commissioners being appointed to supersede another . The military commissioners had cost the nation the sum of 10,000l . for their labours the first year . He thought the punishment of the individual , by removal from his office , would do more good , in the way of example , than ten commissions . Common fame reported , that there were most enormous abuses in the barrack department : that the nation was often charged for pulling down stone buildings , convenient for lodging men , as much money as was spent in building wooden barracks in unwholesome situations . He thought the whole system ought to be examined accurately . observed , that the dismissal of any barrack-master was only done upon the report of the barrack-master-general . then said , that he never thought the right hon . secretary at war capable of discharging Mr. Atkins upon any improper ground , for it was not in his nature ; nor did he intend introducing the name of that gentleman into the debate , as his enquiries had proceeded a great way before lie ever heard of him . As it was thought right to ask him , what his objects were in this motion ? he would honestly answer , first , that he meant to save the money of the public ; and , secondly , that he might save to the amount of 500,000l . a year in the barrack department only . At present these accounts were scarcely settled in the course of two years ; and he saw no reason why they should not , like those of the board of works , be audited and passed quarterly ; and why they should not , in the same manner as that board , have a comptroller and auditor to themselves . Another of his objects was , to make the rents of the canteens pay the rents of the barracks , for which they were amply sufficient . He said , it was now intimated to