was of a Sunday , it would be so inconvenient as to be altogether impracticable . declared , that although he had as much regard for the religion of the Country as any other man , yet . he considered that the training on a Sunday ( provided that it was not in the hours of divine service ) would relieve the labouring class from a great burden . It was not only in Switzerland that this was practised , but in this country it had been the established practice in the time of Henry the 8th , and in later times , that the people should be practised in the use of arms on that day . thought , that instead of causing irreverence and disregard to the Sabbath , it would , on the contrary , exalt and dignify the duty that they had to perform . He therefore supported the clause as it now stood . declared , that he had seen many volunteers exercising on a Sunday , and he always observed that degree of decency and propriety that he thought gave a great solemnity to it . As to the prejudices of the people at large , he was convinced they were not against it , and he thought it would be extremely hard that the opinions or consciences of a few should deprive the nation of so great a benefit.—A long and desultory conversation took place . Mr. Calvert , who had moved for allowing them to be trained on a Sunday , finding the sense of the house against him , withdrew his amendment , and the clause was passed in its original state.—The chairman had leave to report progress , and the committee was appointed for Monday . Adjourned at two o'clock on Saturday morning . adverted to the intention he had intimated on Thursday , of asking a question this day , respecting the affairs of India . Seeing a noble lord ( Minto ) in his place , he wished to ask , whether there existed at present any government general of India in Bengal , and if there did , of whom it consisted ? said , he felt no difficulty in answering the questions of the noble viscount , to whom , as well as to every noble lord in the house , he wished to give every information in his power , whenever it could be given with propriety . He conceived that the same government general of India existed now in Bengal as there did when that event took place , which was so much deplored , the death of marquis Cornwallis . He had no hesitation in stating , that his majesty had been advised to issue orders for vacating the commission under which the functions of the government of India were exercised . This had been done according to the terms of the act of parliament . There was , however , a provision made in the orders sent out , that all the members of the present government should exercise their functions , until the publication of a new commission at Calcutta . There would not , therefore , be a moment 's interval between the cessation of the functions of one government , and the assumption of those functions by another . felt it necessary to trouble the noble lord with another question , which was , whether any intimation had been sent to sir G. Barlow , that he only held the government until the arrival of a successor ? said , that intimation had been sent to sir G. Barlow of the vacation of the commission of government . The vacation of the commission of course applied to all the members of the council , but only pro forma , it not being the intention of go ernment to make any change in the council . This , however , as The noble lord knew , rested with the court of directors : all he could say was , that it was not the intention of government to change any of the members of the council . maintained , from