bill.—The earl of Westmoreland presented a petition from certain merchants trading to South Carolina and Georgia against the bill , on which counsel were also ordered to be heard.—Counsel were then called in ; Mr. Adam appeared for the Bahama islands , and Mr. Scarlet for the island of Jamaica ; petitions from the agents for both which islands were presented on Monday . These gentlemen were heard against the principles and provisions of the bill , the operation of which , they stated , would be injurious both to the Bahamas and Jamaica , particularly so to the former.—Counsel having withdrawn , rose to move the 2d reading of the bill . Nothing he had heard , he said , had tended to convince him that the principle of the bill was erroneous or impolitic ; on the contrary , he still believed it to be a measure which was called for by every dictate of sound policy . The islands in the West-Indies were now nearly all of them in the possession of this country , or of our enemies ; and , if it was a clear and obvious policy that We should not give advantages to our enemies , it was surely equally clear that we should not supply their colonies with slaves , thereby affording them additional means of cultivation , contributing to increase the produce of their islands , and thus enabling them to meet us in the market upon equal terms of competition , or perhaps to undersell us . This appeared to him so obvious , that he thought it unnecessary to argue it . The first object of the bill , therefore , was to prevent British subjects from supplying foreign colonies with slaves . The same principle was also applicable to the supply of colonies captured from the enemy , and only held until peace . In the islands captured last war , and which were given up at the peace , British capital was employed to so great an extent , that the exports from those islands equalled the exports from Jamaica . All this went to benefit and enrich the enemy , and to encrease their means of rivality . Another object of the bill , therefore , was to enforce the order of council , issued to restrain this species of trade , enacting , at the same time , additional regula- 33 tions , in order to prevent the importation of slaves into the islands thus conquered from the enemy , and the consequent investiture in them of a large portion of British capital . No consideration relative to our commerce or our navigation could induce him to think that the slave trade ought to be continued . He considered it as a cruel and unjust traffic , which ought to be abolished . If , however , it was to be continued , it ought to be carried on under those regulations which might at least render it less revolting , by making it conduce to the benefit of our navigation . The third object of the bill , therefore , was to prevent British subjects from carrying on the slave trade in any other than British vessels . His lordship concluded by moving the second reading of the bill . said , he would not divide the house upon the subject , but content himself with briefly stating his objections to the bill . If we were enabled to prevent any supply of slaves from being carried to the enemy 's colonies , then he would agree to the policy of preventing British subjects from supplying them ; this was not the case : the colonies of the enemy would be supplied with slaves from other sources ; and therefore he saw no reason why the profits arising from this trade should be taken out of the hands of British subjects . With respect to the investiture of British capital , in colonies taken from the enemy , he thought that , in the event of a war ensuing after their being given up , and an attack being made upon them , the