part of the bill much remains to be explained , and we must wait to be informed upon it , and to understand it , till we come into the committee . My impression , sir , of the whole of the bill , is most undoubtedly , that it is perfectly impolitic and unjustifiable , because iris perfectly unnecessary . The authors of the measure , indeed , found it upon necessity . They tell us their reason for introducing it , is to afford necessary relief to the colonies to save them from starving , and to enable us and them to profit by their produce . If it were necessary for these objects , I should indeed agree that these objects would justify it ; but it is demonstrable , nay , it is demonstrated , that it is not necessary for them , they are attained ; they have been secured by the system , as it at present prevails , and which has been acted upon during the present war.—In all the history of parliamentary proceedings , it seems to me , therefore , there is no parallel to this measure . I know of nothing equal to the character of inconsiderate improvidence and impollicy which attaches to it . We are all agreed that the system of the navigation laws is most essential to our greatness and our existence , and should not be broken in upon , but in cases of grave necessity : yet the noble lord 's own statement , his own argument to prove that necessity , shews that it is unnecessary , distinctly proves that no such bill is required.—For the last 13 years , he-says the colonies in the West Indies have been obliged to be supplied from America with every thing they have wanted . The law , prohibiting such supply , has been obliged to be broken . Notwithstanding then the exist- 704 ence of the law , which the noble lord contends it is absolutely necessary should be altered to enable the colonies to be supplied , and to protect them from starvation , it stands admitted , that for 13 years the colonies have been in fact supplied . This I say is a practical proof that the bill is unnecessary . I say it can not be stated to be necessary to have the law altered , to enable you to do that which you have been able to do without that alteration of the law , for 13 years together . I admit , indeed , that this supply has been by an infraction of the law , and that as a general proposition , it can not be doubted that it is better , by parliamentary provision , prospectively to legalize any act , than retrospectively to indemnify the illegal performance of it : and therefore whether there is not more seemliness , more legislative propriety in suspending the law , as is intended by this bill , than to leave it to be broken , may be matter of argument , and it will depend upon the weight of the objections to be stated against such proceedings , whether it ought to be adopted or not . But it is impossible to found the measure upon that sort of necessity which the noble lord has asserted , a necessity which is supposed to be created by the utter starvation of the colonies , and destruction of their produce , which , but for this measure , would ensue ; there must be an end , therefore , of all the declamation we have heard about this starving and ruin of the colonies ; it is wholly inapplicable to the case ; it is totally beside the merits of this question ; for we find , nay , it is the foundation of the argument for the bill , that we have had an opportunity of supplying the colonies with provisions , and of bringing home their produce for 13 years during war , notwithstanding the law as it now stands ; the argument therefore , built on the necessity of