could go on very well without any addition , while , in the cases where it was allowed , there was a necessity for it . It was to prevent meritorious officers from being put in prison , or being forced to quit the service , from the absolute inability of existing upon their pay . If there was no complaint on account of the cavalry and the guards , where was the ground for complaint in the case of the militia ? knew , froth his own observation , that the militia were brought to a very high state of discipline , and this was owing to the officers . They were fit to combat with any regular troops against any enemy whatever ; and when there was so much merit on the part of the officers , it was hard to make this invidious distinction.—The bill was then ordered to be read a second time the next day.—Sir C. Pole , pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill to extend the advantages of the 35th of the king to the petty officers , seamen , and marines , in the navy , by enabling them to allot part of their wages to the support of their wives and families . Leave given . The bill was then brought up , read a first , and ordered to be read a second time the next day.—The nabob of Arcot 's Debts bill was reported , and ordered to be read a third time the next day . On the motion of Mr. Windham , the house resolved itself into a committee on the Volunteer Officers ' Rank bill . following up the principle , for which he had formerly contended , that rank should not be taken from those who already enjoyed it , moved that the words `` shall have been '' should be left out , for the purpose of inserting the words `` shall hereafter be . '' The effect of this would be , that the provisions of the bill would extend only to those who might hereafter become colonels of volunteer corps . said , that he had no unpleasant feelings whatever at the idea of being commanded , in case of his corps being called out for service , by any regular field-officer . On the contrary , he was glad that he was relieved from the responsibility that might attach to him , in case it should have been his fortune to have commanded a field-officer of the regulars . This was the feeling of every volunteer colonel with whom he had conversed on the subject . said , that it was a very , different thing to consider whether this rank ought to have been given originally , and to take it away when given . This was not a new thing . It existed when the right hon . gentleman was secretary at war . The highest rank at present was lieutenant-colonel ; but then there were full colonels of volunteers , with the rank of regular colonels in the army . But suppose there should be a regular major in a volunteer corps , it might turn out , that , in case of actual 1041 service , the major might command his own colonel . Old officers in the volunteers might , also , be commanded by in ferior officers in the army . contended , that no evil whatever could result , from allowing the volunteer officers to retain their rank . The guards enjoyed a different rank from the other parts of the army ; yet , though they had served in America , in Flanders , and in other places , no inconvenience had been felt—they had been brigaded by themselves . The militia , the volunteers , and the army , might go on in the same manner without jealousy . He would mix them all without any apprehension . He would have no apprehension that the volunteers would turn their backs , but they might be too rash . How was this to be corrected ? By discipline