open to the world ; that they should deliver their opinions in the face of an enlightened bar , from whence they would soon become subjects of public discussion ; and then the slightest error ( for judges were fallible as well as other men ) would very soon be corrected . A great advantage likewise arose from all the judges of a court hearing the arguments of counsel in the cause on which they were to decide , and their being enabled to form their opinion with as little delay as possible . In the court of session all the legal arguments , as well as the proceedings , were delivered in writing , a course of practice which necessarily consumed much time in the deliberations of the judges ; and after each had examined the written documents , unless they were unanimous , a circumstance , which , perhaps , where there were so many judges , could not be expected often to happen , another delay arose from their delivering their opinions seriatim . With this view of the subject a plan had been framed for the purpose of obviating some of the inconveniences resulting from the constitution of the court of session , and the forms of its proceeding . It was proposed to divide the court into chambers , the number to be hereafter fixed ; his opinion inclined to three chambers , as more likely to answer the purpose of speedily administering justice than two ; whilst in the latter case the objection to a great number of judges in one court would still operate considerably , though not with such great 732 force . These chambers , he proposed , should decide respectively upon the same description of causes , without allotting any exclusive jurisdiction to either . The courts here , which had originally each a separate jurisdiction over a distinct class of causes , had become by long usage equal in jurisdiction with respect to all causes , with some exceptions ; and this practice , which had grown up contrary to the original intention of these courts , was found to be infinitely more convenient than the original principle of separate jurisdiction . Individuals , being thus enabled to carry causes into either of the courts , at their option , public opinion in the increase of business , and one court over another , would soon indicate the motives of the preference , and point out whatever slight cause there might be for the decrease of business in the other ; thus leading to an uniformity of decision upon legal points , which could not be the case if each court had a separate jurisdiction over a certain description of causes . it was proposed , therefore , that parties should have an option of bringing their suits before either of those chambers , and that where there was a previous hearing before the lord ordinary , that the cause should belong to the chamber of which the lord ordinary was a member . It was also proposed that the lord president of the court of session should preside over one of the chambers , and that his majesty should be empowered to appoint judges of the court to preside over the chambers , such presidents holding their offices , like the other judges , during good behaviour . The next great object which he had in view was the introduction of trial by jury in civil causes into Scotland . For him speaking with the experience of an Englishman , and in a British legislature , to attempt to advocate the trial by jury , the benefits resulting from which were sol well known and so justly appreciated , would appear a very superfluous waste of time . This mode of trial had not , however , for a long time been used in Scotland in civil cases , although it had formerly been practised in that country , and the greatest advantages would result from its re-introduction . At present , from the mode of proceeding it was frequently impossible to give a correct decision upon a