gentlemen , and by an hon . Irish orator ( Mr. Grattan ) , who spoke early in the debate , could not agree in the good consequences that were anticipated from this plan . It was said , it would not only procure a rapid supply of men , but those of a better description . He did not conceive the army could have a better description thau that of soldiers ; and as to better orders of men , he thought the common day-labourers made better soldiers than tradesmen or clerks ; he spoke from the experience of ten years as a commanding officer ; and he could not coincide in the opinions of the hon . Irish orator . felt it necessary to say a word or two in answer to the hon . general who had just sat down , and who had thrown some of his scattering shot towards that side of the house . The hon . general , though he did not deliver his sentiments in the style of an Irish orator , seemed to betray some symptoms of an Irish understanding ; but he could wish the hon : general had evinced a little better acquaintance with Irish order . But notwithstanding the confidence of the hon . general in the opinion he avowed , he ( Mr. Grattan ) begged leave to decline his authority , either as an Irish orator or an Irish officer . replied , that though he did not profess to be an Irish orator , he hoped he should . always maintain the character of an Irish soldier . spoke at some length against the principle of discharging men during the 506 war , and considered this the great and radical objection . after complimenting the master of the rolls on his very argumentative speech , declared his main objection to the measure to proceed from the bad effect it must have on the naval service . It might happen that we had an expedition going on , combined both of naval and military force , and that one part might be entitled to demand their discharge , while the other could not . He would ask how it could be possible to reconcile the one to the idea of being bound to continue in their service while the other was discharged ? The question being then very generally called for , the house divided : For the question , 206 ; Against it , 105 ; Majority , 101 . —The blanks , were then filled up , and the bill passed through the committee without any further discussion . After which , the house having resumed , the report was brought up , and ordered to be taken into consideration to-morrow . The Temple-bar Lottery bill was read a second time.—The Irish Revenue Collection bill , and the Irish Malt bill , passed through committees , and were reported.—The Earl of Moira presented a petition from Mr. Justice Fox , which was read short by the clerk , praying that the house would take his case into consideration , and do what should seem meet to them therein . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Alexander and several other members of the commons , brought up the Irish Sugar bill , and the Irish Additional Force Repeal bill , which were read a first time . Lord Eldon rose to move the order of the day . Earl Stanhope wished previously to offer some observations to the house . Earl Bathurst moved that the house should be cleared . Strangers were immediately excluded , and the consideration of the evidence adduced on the trial of lord Melville was resumed.—The discussion continued till ten o'clock . Several questions were referred to the judges , who were to deliver their opinion , in answer , on the following Thursday , to which day the house adjourned . moved that the evidence taken before the committee 507 on the Norwich Paving bill should be laid before the house . After a few words from Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Hurst , this motion was negatived . Mr.