to which I think it my duty now to call your lordships ' attention . For want of these we are obliged to grope in the dark , and take the prevailing rumours as the grounds of our arguments . I shall first , however , be obliged to give some kind of historical account of the transaction on which the discussion of this night will principally turn , — When lord Cornwallis had undertaken the government of India , and when in his zeal for the public service , he left the banks of the Ganges , and made a distant journey for the purpose of giving effect to the negotiations for peace , sir George Barlow , considering the delicate state of his lordship 's health , and the danger he exposed himself to in his country 's service , thought it proper to quit the seat of government , in order to assist his lordship in the negotiations ; and in case of that event taking place , which has since happened , to receive his dying instructions , and to carry them into effect without delay . Sir G. Barlow had then for his instructions not only the system which lord Cornwallis actually pursued , but the orders of the Court of Directors , and the instructions given to general Lake on the 19th of September . The general principle of the negotiation with the native powers , as also the system of retrenching unnecessary expenditure , was begun by the marquis Cornwallis , and was afterwards pursued by his successor , sir G. Barlow . Such was the situation of India , as it was known in this country upon the 29th of January last , when his majesty 's ministers with great wisdom and propriety , considering that it was not proper to leave . India without the full benefit of those powers of government which had been always confided to governors general , recommended to the court of directors to give those powers to sir G. Barlow , in order that he might not be fettered either in conducting the negotiations , or in carrying on the government in India . With this recommendation , the Court of Directors readily and cheerfully complied . No appointment was ever less complained of , and no dispatch had since been received from India that did not convey the most 949 sanguine expectation of success , from the measures pursued by the successor of marquis Cornwallis . The appointment in consequence of the recommendation of his majesty 's ministers , was made on the 25th of Feb. and upon the 8th of March the Court of Directors received am intimation of the wish of his majesty 's ministers that a successor should be appointed to sir G. Barlow . The Court of Directors were very unwilling to comply . They foresaw , or they thought they foresaw , great difficulties and great objections to complying with this intimation , Nothing effectual was done from the 8th of March till the 12th of May , when a communication was made to the Court of Directors , suggesting the recall of sir G. Barlow , and recommending the appointment of a noble lord ( Lauderdale ) high in Ins majesty 's councils . This recommendation did not accord with the ideas of the Court of Directors , and smile more delay was occasioned by the correspondence and communications that took dace on this subject . At length , at the latter end of the month of May , his majesty was advised to recall sir G. Barlow , by an instrument under his own sign manual . Since that time it has not appeared that any governor general has been appointed , or any step taken to fill up the vacancy in the government of India . In the course of the last day or two , there has been a rumour that a noble lord ( Minto ) has been appointed ; but this rumour is the only thing winch the house is now possessed of that information to which it is entitled upon so important a