that gentleman 's merry or serious arguments , was founded in gross misconception . It was true , he had been appointed to the 1043 office of a volunteer colonel in some corps in his neighbourhood , but it was an appointment not of his choice or seeking ; besides , he never knew that the corps alluded to , the Felbrig volunteers , had not the same proportion of subaltern officers , as other corps of the like description . had only argued from the fact , as it appeared by the papers on the table ; and if there was a mistake , it was owing to his friends in office . The corps , however , was as good a corps as one without officers could be expected to be . He believed it had not even a constable , but it appeared that at the time the right hon . gent . Knew so little about his own corps , that it was not till now he was enabled to correct the mistake . But the right hon . gent . did not adopt his own principle to its full extent , otherwise it would apply to the militia . He ought rather to have recalled the commissions of the volunteer colonels . He was now reducing them to the very thing which he bad described them to be . They were now really `` the painted cherries . '' Nothing could lower the officers more , in the eyes of the country , than allowing them the title of colonels , without the effective rank . said , that if the right hon . gent . favoured the volunteers , they were very ungrateful , for they did not give him credit for it . He asked , whether there were any regulations for doing away the allowances of pay and clothing , as it was understood to be the intention to suffer the volunteers to moulder away ? thought that if the volunteer officers had eagerly put themselves forward , there might be some ground for the measure ; but a lieutenant Bayley , who had served at the Havannah with great applause , and who now commanded a corps of 4000 volunteers , had modestly stood aside when they were inspected . Of this corps , captain Gore , whose services in America would be well remembered , was the major ; and yet these men were to be degraded . admitted that these were officers of experience , but they were particular exceptions . It would be unpleasant in time of service for inexperienced volunteer officers to command regular field-officers , and this feeling had been expressed by the colonel of the light-horse volunteers , in whose favour an exception might be made , if in any case . Mr. Ryder wished , that the right hon . gent . had condescended to answer his hon . 1044 friend 's question as to the pay and clothing , as it might be necessary to have a clear understanding on this point , with a view to the subject which was to come on the next day . said , that there was no occasion for his answering what he had stated over and over again , especially as the question was asked with a view to the motion of the next day , the nature of which had not been communicated to him , nor to the house . This might be a stratagem of war against his majesty 's ministers , but it was not very candid to the house . considered it hard that he should suffer for the fault of another . said , that he certainly had no inclination to answer , merely on account of the motion for the next day ; but he had before distinctly stated , that the pay and clothing was not to be allowed such volunteers as should enter in future.—The amendment was then negatived . On the motion of lord Morpeth , it was ordered , that the several Accounts and Papers , which have been presented to the house in