have done well to recollect , that my lord Grenville , with whom he now acted , was then secretary of state , and very active in promoting that very salutary measure . ( A cry of hear ! hear ! ) He said he meant not to make any charge against the noble lord on that account , but he doubted if the right hon . secretary ( mr. Fox ) was dealing fairly by his colleagues and associates , by stating that as improper conduct , which would involve them in the disgrace . was anxious to rescue the character of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) from the imputation of having been party to the disgraceful jobs , and other artifices , employed for the purpose of effecting the union with Ireland . That noble lord , as secretary of state for foreign affairs in England , could not , under the widest ideas of responsibility that could be conceived , be made at all accountable for the corruption practised in Ireland , at the time that Ireland was in independence , and therefore could not be implicated in the conduct of those alluded to by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) . His lordship then entered into a general defence of the measure before the house , observing , that the new commissioners would have to audit West India accounts to the amount of several millions , which remained unsettled for the last eight years , and that the additional number was required on account of the additional inquiries which still remained 668 to be made.—The committee then divided on the amendment ; Ayes 41 , Noes 91.—Majority 50. moved the order of the day for the second reading of the American Intercourse bill . did not think it right that this measure should be now brought forward , the house being already exhausted by a long debate ; he , therefore , hoped , that it would be postponed to a future day . felt the force of what the learned gent . had said ; but he did not think it too much to ask , though gentlemen seemed determined to give every opposition to the measures of his majesty 's ministers , that the bill should be now read a second time , and that the debate should take place on the Speaker 's leaving the chair . could not agree with the noble lord : he thought the bill of such importance that it should have the fullest discussion ; and he thought it probable that he would have to divide the house , not only on the second reading , but also on the question of the Speaker 's leaving the chair . reminded the house , that there was a petition on the table against the bill , and that there was an order to hear counsel . said he gave way , not to the suggestion of the learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) , but to the convenience of the house . observed , that his hon . friend had merely said , that it would not suit the convenience of the house , that a measure of such importance should come on at midnight . did not think the noble lord should have spoken with so much warmth , as to tell his learned friend , that he did not give way to his suggestion . The house had a right to debate on every stage of the bill , and he demanded the opportunity . thanked his noble friend , but declared that he did not think the noble lord had spoken so warmly as was supposed . said , that any warmth he might have manifested , was entirely owing to the rough manner in which the learned gent . had desired him to postpone the second reading . conceived the bill to be highly useful , but could not allow it to be by any means of the importance described . It was by no means a measure of a permanent na- 669 ture , but one altogether temporary