motion , is the junction of another learned body , who have been overlooked on this occasion , but who , it would be exceedingly proper , should also be requested to join in this enquiry . The learned body to which I allude , sir , is that of the Royal College of Surgeons . If we are to enter into a minute investigation at all , and endeavour to receive information from men of science as a general rule for our Conduct , why ought we not to make that enquiry and research as general and extensive as possible ? A subject of this kind does not require us to confine our investigation to physicians alone . Upon that footing , sir , I shall take the liberty of suggesting to the noble lord , that a provision should be inserted for the purpose of referring the question as to the vaccine inoculation also to the Royal College of Surgeons . I can not help stating , that I still persevere in the opinion I formerly entertained , that if this discovery 894 be of that utility and advantage , which I trust and hope it will prove to be , it will find its way against all opposition , and that the learned doctor , who has been the discoverer of this great and important secret to mankind , can not in such a country as this , fail of obtaining his due reward , by the immense extension of his medical practice . Add to this , that the learned doctor , who has made this valuable and beneficial discovery , certainty must also gain a considerable additional advantage , in consequence of this inquiry now about to be set on foot , in order to quiet the fears , and strengthen the conviction of the people , which leads me to think that Dr. Jenner will find himself well remunerated without any thing further from parliament . As to the question of compulsion , which has been touched upon in the course of this discussion , I can hardly think that my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who has shewn himself so well acquainted with this general principles of liberty upon all occasions , meant to recommend any compulsory measures , that would infringe upon that freedom , which even allows prejudice to work its way . You may be assured , sir , that there is a sense in the people of England , which will not long oppose truth ; that even without the aid of parliament , without enquiries through the means of committees or investigations and reports made out by a College of Physicians , prejudice will at last disappear , and truth will ultimately prevail . As the mode now proposed , however , certainly tend either to expedite on the one hand a conviction of that truth which it is so desireable to assert , or , on the other , to expose the fallacy of those arguments which have been adduced in favour of the discovery , without any undue means being used to support the one , or the other , I shall certainly vote for the motion which has been made by the noble lord . —I do not rise , sir , for the purpose of discussing the real merits , as to the effect of this wonderful discovery , relying that we shall in the end find , that it will turn out to our most sanguine expectations , and consequently well worthy the further liberality of parliament . I merely wish to make a few observations upon a subject which is of such vast importance to the public at large , that I do not think a few 895 minutes will be at all mis-spent upon this occasion , although there is to be an ulterior discussion . I can not help thinking with the honourable gentleman who spoke last , that if there were also to be a reference to the College of Surgeons as well as to the College of Physicians , considerable advantage would be