Newport brought up the bill for regulating the collection of the Irish revenues , and for appointing additional commissioners of the revenue in Ireland ; also a bill for the repeal of the Irish Additional Force bill ; which were read severally a first time.—Mr . Vansittart presented an account of the amount of arrears and balances in the hands of the receivers of the revenues of the crown lands , and of the collectors of the land tax.—A message from the lords informed the house that their lordships had agreed to the Scoth Judges ' Salary bill , without any amendment.—Sir W. Geary presented a petition from certain maltsters in the county of Kent , against certain regulations of the act of the 43d of the king respecting the wetting of malt.—Mr . Huskisson having given notice of a motion for the production of a document , which would shew the grounds upon which the board of Treasury were induced to relieve lord Melville from the interest on the ba 284 lance of his first treasurership , begged leave to defer that motion till the final decision of the lords should be declared . He had hoped that he might he able to move for this document without in any degree interfering either with the evidence produced by the managers at the trial , or with any evidence called by the counsel for the noble defendant . On consideration , however , he thought it would be more proper to defer his motion till after their lordships ' final decision upon the case . moved the second reading of the nabobs of Arcot 's creditors bill . On the question that the bill be now read a second time , to call the attention of the house to this subject , to which it had hitherto paid little attention , though it had drawn millions out of the exchequer of England . By the statute for renewing the Company 's charter , the public became a partner in this firm , and was to participate to a certain amount in the profits . Every gentleman , at that time , did expect , and the public had a right to expect , that the time of participating would have arrived before this . This charter was a sort of deed of partnership between the country and the company ; but , although the country had hithero acted the part of a sleeping partner , et it most clearly possessed the right of examining into the affairs of the concern , and of investigating the causes which had prevented it from receiving that participation to which it naturally appeared to be entitled . When an object of that nature came before the house , it was necessary to look very narrowly into the causes which prevented this participation . In this point of view , he hoped the chanellor of the exchequer would bestow his attention to this subject , as , in the present difficulties of the country , it was a serious loss , in a financial point of view , be kept from that participation in the evenues of India , to which the country appeared entitled . All those who had tuned their attention to India accounts , must know , that for these thirty or forty year past , claims had been continually rising P , and sometimes suddenly bursting on upon the revenues of these princes . These claims , after deliberate enquiry , had been rejected by the India government abroad , but , nevertheless , did not cese to be pressed upon the court of dirtors here . That 285 court consequently gave orders that security should be given for the payment of five lacks of pagodas due to the company in 1794 , but the board of controul afterwards postponed that claim , and gave a preference to the other creditors . It had , since , however , been explained , that these last debts arose out of the violation of public orders , and had increased from small to very large sums , from the extravagant interest that was