all Offices granted in reversion in Scotland ; and a like account of all offices granted in reversion in Ireland ; '' Ordered , That the Said return do lie upon the table ; and be printed for the members of the house.—Ordered , That the order of the day , for the second reading , of the bill for the better regulation of the office of receiver general of the stamp duties in Great Britain , be now read : And the same being read ; the said bill was read a second time , and Committed to a committee of the whole house , for to-morrow sevennight , the 20th day of this instant May . Ordered , that the said bill be printed.—The order of the day being read , for taking into further consideration the report from the committee of the whole house , to whom the bill to explain and render more effectual an act , passed in the 7th year of King William the Third for preventing charge and expense in elections of members to serve in parliament , was re-committed ; Ordered , That the said report be taken into further consideration Upon Monday next.—The ingrossed bill for increasing the salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland , and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh , was ( according to order ) read the third time . Resolved , That the bill do pass . Ordered , That Mr. Alexander do carry the bill to the lords , and desire their concurrence . said , he wished to enquire of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) , whether he meant to bring forward the charge against the marquis of Wellesley , respecting his transactions in Oude , this Week ? The reason why he asked the question was , that it would be much more convenient for him to attend the discussion in the course of the ensuing Week ; as particular business required his going for a few days into the country . His object , however , at present , was , pursuant to his notice , to move for the following papers , viz . that there be laid before this house 1 . `` A Copy of a Letter to the Court of Directors in the Judicial Department , dated 6th July 1802 , from the Governor General in council , transmitting a Copy of the Answers to the Governor General 's interrogatories sent by the several judicial officers and collectors throughout the provinces . 2 . That there be laid before this house , extract of a general letter from the court of directors in the revenue and judicial department ; dated 14th September 1803 , paragraph 15 , to the government of Bengal , signifying the court 's approbation of the zeal which the governor general had manifested for the public interests , in proposing certain queries to the collectors and magistrates . 3 . That there be laid before this house , extract of a letter from the court of directors in the public department , dated 26th March 1801 , Paragraph 48 , approving of the arrangements of the governor general in council for the regulation of the press . 4 . That there be laid before this house , a copy of the minutes of the governor general lord Wellesley , dated 19th March 1801 , and recorded in the secret and political department , for improving the governor general 's office . 5 . That there be laid before this house , extract of a separate letter from the governor general in Council to the court of directors dated . 31st of July 1801 , paragraphs 28 to 40 inclusive , respecting the re-establishment of the town duties , and the improvement of the government customs ; together With any reply from the court of directors to the same . 6 . That there be laid before this house , extract of a letter in the revenue department from the Bengal government to the court of directors , dated 5th March 1800 ,