the bill was reported . A Bill was brought in , for vesting , 1093 in certain trustees , the sale of property belonging to the house of M'Dowall and Co. for the re-payment of advances made to them by government ; which being read a first time , took a view of the whole of the transaction , observing that , in consequence of the calamities which occurred in the islands of Grenada and St. Vincent 's , in 1800 , an act of parliament was passed , to enable government to make certain advances to the merchants anti planters of these islands , on sufficient security being given for the re-payment . Of this money , the sum of 240,000l . had been advanced to the gentlemen in question ; and yearly applications since made to parliament , to extend the time of the re-payment . It seemed that this money , instead of being employed in the manner proposed , had been laid out for other purposes in Scotland ; and he thought , that the outstanding of the debt to this time was highly criminal , in some quarter or other . requested the permission of the house to explain , that ever since the year 1800 , when this loan was made , he had used every possible exertion to repay this debt to government . He had ample funds , not only for paying that , but every other demand upon this firm ; but , in all his efforts to dispose of the great property he possessed in Scotland , he was , for some reason or other , constantly thwarted and impeded by the first law officers of the crown in Scotland , under the late government . Even at this moment , he had a property of 180,000l . floating in Scotland , which , for the reasons already mentioned , he could not avail himself of . He was aware that his own honour and character required a full explanation of the whole of these transactions being made to the house and the country ; and , however reluctant he might be , on some accounts , to make such a disclosure , he owed it to himself to afford it in a proper stage of the bill . The foundation of the present bill was , to permit him , by his own consent , to dispose , through the medium of trustees , of that property which would enable him to discharge the debts due to the public and the other creditors to his house . explained , that when he came into his present official situation , he found this large debt due to government ; and , for the better and more speedy recovery of it , he wished to have the sale of the property vested in 1094 trustees ; which was the whole object of this bill said , what he had principally to request was , that the house would suspend its judgment till they should be in complete possession of the whole , from documents which he should , at any time , be prepared to lay before them . said that , notwithstanding this bill for vesting the sale in trustees , he hoped the present securities for the debt would not be released , on account of any difference of opinion between the late and present law officers of the crown in Scotland . said , he objected to the principle of these loans originally ; and tile present bill was a proof , that such advances of money to individuals were not within the proper functions of the government.—The bill was then read a first time . felt himself under the necessity of calling the attention of the house to a circumstance which might involve some blame to himself ; but in which he trusted to the indulgence of the house . A bill ( sir J. Gordon 's Divorce Bill ) had been taken from the table of the house , and carried up to the lords , which had not passed this house ; the lords were