not , it would be practicable to appoint such a committee to report to the house the result of their investigations against next session of parliament , and also to ascertain whether , or not , such restrictions as those which I have now suggested , would not be attended with most beneficial consequences to the health ; welfare , and happiness of society . The plan of having this committee to procure the evidence adduced before themselves , I am convinced would be much better relished by the country than the mode proposed by the present motion of leaving that committee to form this judgment upon the previous report of the College of Physicians . The same species of evidence would still be open to them , and 889 they would no doubt be inclined to view the whole through an impartial medium ; their minds being previously quite unbiassed upon the subject , would only be susceptible of changes by the evidence before them . — The only point , sir , in which it appears to me , that we differ in opinion , as to the subject under our consideration , is , as to the mode that ought to be pursued in effecting the object we have in view . Upon this point I must say , that I am rather inclined to give the preference to the plan which has been suggested by my noble friend , who brought forward this motion . The proposition which has been just now made by the hon . gent . seems to be merely a commutation of that which has been suggested by the noble lord near me . The whole difference turns upon the question of substituting the report of a committee of this house for that of the College of Physicians . The hon . member seems to think , that an investigation and report , proceeding from a committee , would have more weight and authority with the public , than a report issuing from a body of Physicians . In this particular , however , I must beg leave to differ from him , as I think a committee of this house would be less competent to form a correct and sound judgment upon the subject , than medical men would be . Their incompetency would be felt and considered by the public , and consequently an opinion from them , as to the good or bad effects of the vaccine inoculation would have much less weight on their minds . It would not tend to allay their suspicions , nor administer a guidance for their future conduct . Far different , however , would be the effect of a report proceeding from that learned and respectable body , the Royal College of Physicians , most formally called upon by parliament . By the noble lord 's plan , I think the authority and influence of parliament would come in just in the way in which it ought to come . `` It will add a superior degree of solemnity to our sanction of what we deem a most useful and highly beneficial discovery . In the one case , the house would be grounding their procedure upon the opinion of a committee , founded perhaps upon fallacious principles , while in the other they 890 will proceed upon the surest grounds , upon the sentiments and opinions of men of experience , in a learned profession , which enables them to judge with superior accuracy and acuteness upon subjects connected with that profession . To committees of this house the common adage might be applied , Ne suitor ultra crepidam ; for it is a well-known fact , that a man is always a more competent judge of matters relating to his own profession than another who is a perfect stranger to such subjects.—On the whole , I think , that the plan of my noble friend would have infinitely the best chance of overcoming the public prejudices , and of giving validity to the opinions of those best able to judge of the real merits of this valuable discovery made by