in Leicestershire , and by his knowledge of the bill had made pretty pickings for himself , probably about fifty guineas a month , for a considerable time . In short , this famous recruiting parish officer was one of the most experienced crimps in the whole county . Thus men were raised by the most immortal means , and to the perversion of all the decorum of society , besides the tyrannical power which every overseer was enabled to exercise over the miserable wretches of his parish . He recollected to have heard the supporters of that 133 bill protesting , till they were black in the face , that they wanted the men only , not the money which they proposed to levy by way of fines on the parishes ; but the people of the parishes did not believe them : they said , `` we know better ; it is money you want , and money you shall have . '' They very clearly that the avowed object of the bill could never be attained ; and they never could persuade themselves that such was the intention of the legislature . The vestries seemed to be better judges of these matters than the politicians of Downing-street ; they therefore agreed to pay the money at once . He would only say one word more , which was in answer to the objection started by an hon . friend of his on a former night , against the clause for returning the bounties . He thought the evil of refunding was the least of the two . If those who had already paid the fines , were to be held to it , and obliged to lose the money , injustice and oppression would take place ; they had been compelled to pay for not raising men , which it was not in their power to raise , and the house should not lose sight of that excellent adage— '' Nemo tenetur ad impossibilitatem . '' This was not a tax , but a penalty ; and there was no proportion between the inconveniencies that would result from the exaction of the fines , and the expense to the public of repaying them back . Under all these considerations , he must press the third reading of the present bill . said , he could not let this subject pass without making some farther observations upon it , in addition to those which fell from him on a former night . And first , with respect to the clause in the bill which the right hon . gent . had just alluded to , it was an at that would be a disgrace to the parliament , and weaken the legislative authority . Whether this clause was looked at retrospectively or prospectively , it was most glaringly unjust . It was neither more nor less than telling the subjects of the country that they had always a means of retreat , by which they could escape in case of disobedience to the laws . His majesty 's ministers , however , blinded by their own success , and infatuated by the sweets of their situation , persisted in hurrying this measure through the house . And here he could not help observing on the triumphant manner in which the present ministers acted , with respect to this bill : they thought it a high honour to triumph over the measure of that great man , now no more , being well aware that they never could have done it in his 134 life time . But he would advise the right hon gentlemen not to be so much intoxicated with the sweets of office , as to prevent them from paying that attention to the affairs of the nation , which the circumstances of the time required . The more he considered the effect that this clause would have , the more he was convinced of its impropriety ; it would create a sort of appellant jurisdiction over the legislature of the country , and would give the great mass of the people the power of judging