be expected they would return to be present at the discussion . He could not allow that the fine proposed was any burden at all , as it was only a commutation for a duty which it was allowed by every body that the country had a right to call for . If this duty were performed , there would be no fine , and if any man wished to exempt himself from performing this duty by paying the fine , he certainly could have nothing to complain of . If he had not proposed a greater fine , the reason was that he really hoped that the bill would be efficient , and that a number of men , even of a better description ( to whom the shilling a day would be no object ) , would by their personal service , set an , example to their neighbours , and show that they conceived it no disgrace to come forward and receive that degree of instruction which would be necessary to enable them to defend their country if it should be invaded . In describing the awkwardness of serving personally , an hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Stanhope ) had rather clumsily expressed himself on a former night when the spoke of the embarrassing situation of a man standing in the ranks between his own groom and his father 's chimney-sweep . Now , if a gentleman was obliged to stand in the ranks next to a chimney-sweep , he did not see how it made the matter worse that it was his father 's chimney-sweep . All this awkwardness would , however , be done away by the present bill , for if the gentleman did not chose to enter a volunteer corps , he might still be exempted on paying his fine of 5l . thought it his duty to take the sense of the house upon the present question . The question was not merely about extending a new experiment to Scotland , but it was whether Scotland should be exempted from what it was now liable to 852 by the existing law , the levy-en-masse act ; and whether it should be freed from a burden which England was called upon to bear . As to the difference between Scotch and English volunteers , he trusted the right hon . gent . did not mean to rest on such an invidious distinction . The question , then , was merely , whether Scotland should be exempted because a part of that country was thinly inhabited ? He could not allow that there was any other objection ; for , at the time that he was in administration , had the honour to bring in the former bill , he never had heard a single word of objection from any Scotch member , on the ground of its producing dissatisfaction . Under that bill there was a complete return of the enrolling in Scotland , and he therefore saw no reason why the men who were ready to be enrolled , should not also be trained . As to the thinness of population in certain districts , that ought to be no objection . The bill should be made general and there might be clauses which would confine its operation in districts where there were any local objections . As to the late period of the session , that could not be relied upon by the right hon . gent . as an argument , as several months had elapsed since his opening speech , and he had had time sufficient to have brought in the bill perfect . observed , that there were many parts of the Highlands of Scotland , particularly in the counties of Dumbarton , and Perth , which were more populous than Wales , Cumberland , Westmoreland , and many parts of England in which the bill was to operate . As to the Lowlands , he conceived them to be exactly in the same situation as England , and that there was no reason why they should be free from this burden.—The committee then divided ,