thought the house would disgrace itself by acceding , to the motion of the noble lord ( Temple ) and that it would 938 be an evasion of justice to decide before all the evidence was adduced . said , that after what had passed , he should not persist in calling upon the house to resolve itself into a committee that night , but would propose to defer his motion till Friday , by which time the par papers might be before the house , and he hoped the business would be proceeded in.—This produced a long and desultory conversation , which ended in withdrawing the question for adjournment , and agreeing that the committee on the Oude charge should stand for next Friday ; but Mr. Paull would not pledge himself to bring the business forward this session , without a call of the house , in which he was warmly supported by Mr. Windham , and several other members . brought forward a Supplementary Charge against the marquis Wellesley with respect to his treatment of the Zemindar of Sassnee , and some other Zemindars and Rajahs therein named.—The title of the charge being read , and the question being put on the motion for its being printed , stated , that he had no objection to the charge being printed , but he should take the opportunity to request the hon . gent . would inform him and the house , whether it was his intention to bring forward any motion in the course of the present session , upon the charge now before the house ? He had conceived it necessary for him to attend regularly in expectation of such a motion , but as he had also professional duties to perform , he should be very glad to know , whether it was necessary for him to continue this constant attendance ? said , it was his most anxious wish to come to a decision on the Oude Charge , if possible , in the present session . There were still , however , very important accounts which he had moved for , and which were not furnished . He had called at the India-house on Saturday last , to facilitate them , but found that it would be near two months before they could be produced . He could not , therefore , in the present state of the session , and when the attendance was so small , give any pledge , that he should make a motion this session : but if that was impossible , he should pledge himself to do so at the commencement of 939 the next session . A charge of a most serious nature , and much connected with the present , had been expected to have been brought forward by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) , but he appeared to have abandoned it . The transactions in the Carnatic were so much connected with the administration of the noble marquis , that if that right hon . gent . chose to abandon the charge of which he had given notice , he should feel it his duty to take it up , in order to throw light upon the general system of the administration of the noble marquis . thought it would not be proper for the friends of the noble marquis to press for any hasty decision of the house , after those circumstances had been stated . Their object was not to gain a premature decision , but to obtain the solemn decision of a full house , after a minute and deliberate examination of all the documents and evidence which the hon . member could bring forward to support his case . If they ever appeared to wish to press a speedy decision , it was merely when they supposed that the hon . gent . had produced all his documents , and that the house had had sufficient time to consider them , and form their judgment upon them . It never was the intention of his noble friend ( lord Temple ) to take , in