himself . He trusted that he would have thought it decent and respectful to the house , to remove an ambiguity so perplexing and inconvenient ; aad if he could not satisfy the house that either of the alternatives in which the words might be understood , were such as the house ought to sanction , that he would at least have told them which of the two of his majesty 's ministers had in their contemplation . The bill promised on the part of the house of commons that they will make good the expence of whatever regulations his majesty may think proper to establish . Taken by itself , it was obvious that this engagement went to pledge the house of commons to an unlimited extent , and to put the public purse wholly at the disposal of his majesty 's ministers . But to cure this construction , a notable expedient was re- 643 sorted to . A proviso was added to the promise to this effect , `` if parliament shall have sanctioned the same . '' How was this ? If it was an effectual guard , it totally destroyed the efficacy of the engagement ; for to promise to pay , if at the time when payment is demanded you shall think fit to pay , but not else , was equivalent to no promise at all . What was the object of any such previous engagement ? The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) ad said— '' Security to the soldier . `` —Well then ; what was the nature of that security ? If the engagement on the part of parliament clear and unconditional , certainly the security was ample and unquestionable . Parliament engaged to make good whatever the executive government might promise . Certainly this was ample security to give to the soldier—but was it such as it was becoming to ask of parliament ! On the other hand , if the engagement was not unconditional , if by the proviso annexed to it , it was intended that the house of commons should retain a full and free discussion to be exercised hereafter , whenever the particulars of the expence incurred came before them , then where was the additional security to the soldier ! By how much more was he secure of the regulations in his favour being made good , by a pledge so vague and unmeaning as this , that parliament would make them good , if they should so think fit ! In which of these two senses then he asked , did his majesty 's ministers mean to have their bill understood ? Was it an unconditional pledge , fettering the future discretion of the house of commons , or was it a conditional promise , liable to be fulfilled or not , according to future circumstances , and instead therefore of being a security , a mere trick and delusion upon the soldier ? Neither of these senses were distinctly expressed by the bill , as it now stood ; either of them might with equal fairness be attributed to it . Was it too much to require of his majesty 's present ministers , or any one of those who stood at the head of the government , that they should have the goodness and condescension , not to argue against such feeble and unworthy opponents , and to prove their own intentions to be right—that would be too much to expect from them—but merely to let the house of commons know what it was that they commanded them to enact—in what sense their bill was to be understood—in what sense , if in any , they , in their great wisdom , understood it themselves ? — 644 But instead of giving us that reasonable satisfaction , the right hon . gent . rebuked those who required it at their hands , and charged them with the grossest inconsistency and contradiction in their arguments ; `` because , say they , your first objection to this plan was that it invaded the prerogative of the crown ; and