any case , abandoned its inquisitorial authority , and delegated it to any board of commissioners , so as to preclude itself from investigation upon any similar subject it may think necessary ? The military commissioners have now been sitting almost a year , and what have they produced ? Why , only one report ; and this report , notwithstanding the enormous , corrupt , and profligate waste of the public money which it has exposed , has now lain nearly six weeks upon your table ; and I take shame to myself as a member of this house , that it has laid there so long unnoticed . As a member of parliament , I have a right to enquire , though a commission is sitting . Do not tell me , sir , that a commission of enquiry is sitting ! Am I to be told , that the house of commons , apprised as it is of 240 such an enormous profusion of the public money , is to delegate its privilege of enquiry to any commissioners of Barracks , or commissioners of accounts , or commissioners of any sort , military or civil ; and then wait a year or two until those commissioners shall think proper to report their opinions ? I can admit of no such argument . What do I sit in this house for , but as a guardian of the public purse ? What is the duty of the house of commons , but to watch over and controul the public expenditure ? Am I then , as a member of parliament , to be denied the right of calling for papers , to inform myself , arid the house , upon the subject of public expenditure , in order to institute enquiry , if necessary ? I never will listen to such an argument , as that parliament is bound to wait ; year after year , the slow progress of a board of commission , before it can proceed to the prompt steps necessary on the discovery of any prominent or enormous instance of profusion or peculation . What appears by this report ? Why , that 184 unsettled accounts were then before the commissioners , not yet entered upon . Let not this house be told , then , that this subject is already before commissioners of enquiry , who may sit year after year , before the result of their enquiries are known ; while the house is , in the mean time , called upon to vote , year .after year , new and enormous supplies , without enquiring how the past has been expended . The house without the grossest dereliction of its duty ; can not any longer persevere in such a mode of proceeding . How long , I would ask the noble lord , has this account of the Barrack department been bandied about from one office to another for investigation , without effect ? First , it was sent to the treasury ; from thence it was referred to the auditor of public accounts ; then it was sent to the secretary at war ; and , at last , the system blew itself up , and corruption and venality have wrought their own reform . But the fact not to be denied , is , as I stated four years ago , that the expenditure in the Barrack department has grown to an enormous amount . Why , I ask , has not parliament done its duty and prevented the progress in time ? The purpose I have in view , is to examine the old accounts , in order to prevent similar profusion from occurring in future . I wish also to procure the protection and justice of parliament for many of those person . who have had the misfortune to give credit 241 to a considerable amount to the Barrack department , whose accounts now remain ten years unsettled , and whose families may be driven to ruin and beggary while they are waiting the tardy investigation of the military commissioners . I do not mean to