am not now arguing the expediency or inexpediency of the limitation of service ; I am not talking of the merits or demerits of the project I shall come to that by-and-by : but I am at the outset protesting against the course which ministers have followed , which is such , that even if the measure itself were in my judgment unexceptionable , I should still object to the mode of its introduction . If limited service be ever so desirable an experiment , still why incorporate it in the mutiny act ? Why make it the subject of legislative enactment at all ? Why not pass the mutiny act according to its usual form , for the purpose of giving to parliament the constitutional control over the crown and its army ? ( which the mutiny act alone enables the crown to raise and maintain ) , which it alone enables the crown to pay ; and under that controul , why may not the mode of raising and maintaining the army be safely left , as it has always hitherto been , to the executive government ? If there be one political truth more undeniable than another , it is this , that no good has ever arisen from the interference of public assemblies with the military force of the state . Any attempt on the part of such assemblies to become popular with the army , is sure to lead to difficulty , and in the end , not seldom to confusion . The plain proof of this is what we know to be historically true , and what we feel at this moment in our own instance , that every such act of interference must be accompanied with a donative or largess , as a sort of compensation for our intrusion ; we have at this moment an estimate on the table , of an additional charge of 300,000l . annual expenditure—the first fruits , and , we may depend upon it , the 458 very least part of what 'we may expect from restless and meddling spirit of regulation ; and this price we pay for liberty to confer what is represented as a benefit to the army—the change of the term of service . How , if some years hence , when this device shall have failed , and it shall become necessary to repeal it , how shall we find funds sufficient to accompany and alone for such an alteration ? I think , sir , we have seen symptoms that this truth is felt , and that its consequences extend beyond the army even , to the other services of the country . I grudge .nothing that is given in bounty or in kindness ; but I think the recommendation to such acts is best and most safely lodged with the crown ; and I am not willing to purchase , at an unnecessary expence , a right of interference which I think dangerous in its exercise . The right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) has contended , that in new-modelling the army according to his plan , parliament , will be doing no more than it has been accustomed to do at all times , but especially since the beginning of the present war . What , he asks , has been the business and occupation of the administration which preceded the present , but to frame measure after measure , and to propound law after law , for the augmentation and regulation of the military force of the country ? —Undoubtedly for the augmentation and regulation of that part of the military force , which is more immediately of the cognizance of parliament ; which can not otherwise be raised than by parliamentary measures ; which is obtained from the country by different modifications of a compulsory process , none of which the crown could possibly be enabled to originate or to apply , without the specific authority and detailed regulation of parliament . The militia , the army of reserve , the additional force , are all of this description ; constituting the defensive and limited