, nor did the records of the Company shew a greater number of testimonies of approbation of the conduct of any individual that ever was in their service . The former administration had concurred with the Company in their opinion of his merits ; for when marquis Wellesley was about to depart from India in 1802 sir G. Barlow was the person whom they had named as his successor . When , however , lord Cornwallis was recommended to supersede sir G. Barlow , the Court of Directors gave no opposition , and he himself readily gave way to the appointment of the noble marquis . Sir G. Barlow received marquis Cornwallis with open arms , because he knew that his appointment was made merely on public grounds , and for the public good ; but when it should appear that an appointment was made from other motives , it can not be expected that it Would be acquiesced in so cheerfully . Sir G. Barlow most readily joined in all the plans introduced by marquis Cornwallis both for securing the tranquillity of India , and for the retrenchments 953 that were to be made in the expenditure . In speaking on that subject , I beg that I may not be considered as giving any opinion on the conduct of a noble marquis ( Wellesley ) , winch is now the subject of conversation . If , upon the appointment of sir G. Barlow , there was much joy and exultation , that joy was quite suppressed , when in ten short days after that appointment , government intimated their wish to have him recalled . If this were done capriciously , and without sufficient reason , ministers were much to blame ; but if it were done for the purpose of seizing the patronage of India , it was worse—it was a direct violation of the spirit and the meaning of the act of parliament . I have heard it , however , surmised , that in the original recommendation of sir George Barlow , the government never deceived the court of Directors , but they told them at that time , that the appointment was merely temporary and liable to be changed . This appointment , however , which lasted but ten days , would not enable him to do any good , while the suddenness of his recall must be felt by him as a mortification and disgrace . It would have been a Very different thing to have left him in a subordinate situation , from what it was to appoint him governor-general , and recall him after he had keen only ten days appointed . It certainly appeared like some disgrace , or as if , in the course of ten days , ministers had found out something in his conduct that rendered him unworthy of their confidence . The reason would not be confined to the cabinets of Downing street or of Leadenhall-street , but it would be reported through the metropolis , and the report would reach to India , that sir G. Barlow , in whom they had been accustomed to repose great confidence , was found unworthy to retain the government of India . I should therefore now wish , that the correspondence on the subject between the directors and the board of controul should be laid before the house . It can not be said to be a secret : not only the 24 Directors , but their children , their wives , their daughters , and their servants , must all of them be acquainted with the nature of this correspondence . As I have no official document to go on , and am obliged to rest upon reports , I must state , that it is also reported that the principal reason for recalling sir G. Barlow is , that it is the system of the present administration that none but men of rank in this country should ever be appointed to the 954 situation of governor-general in India . I do not know how this doctrine will be relished by the gentlemen in India , who