service . But if he was of opinion that the plan . was a misfortune , even if it succeeded , how could he suppose that it would be able to meet all the waste which it would be called upon to supply ? He adverted to the experiment that had been made of limited service during the American war , on grounds more inviting than at present , and stated , that in one year during that war , 25,000 men had been procured , but that during the late war , 42,000 men had been recruited in one year . But we were not without the means of forming some estimate of the effects of limited service on the recruiting even at present . About 500 parties had been lately recruiting for general service , and they had in one year raised above 11,000 men for general service , and for life , while 260 parties , recruiting for limited service , had raised only 4,500 men . He further supported his argument by adverting to the recruiting for general and limited service from the militia at different periods , and especially to the recruiting from the Irish militia , where a bounty of ten guineas was offered by marquis Cornwallis for limited service , and of twelve guineas for general service . In that instance , 9000 had accepted of the 12 guineas for general service , and 300 only had accepted the ten guineas for limited service , and that too by the advice of their colonel . Now after this , what dependence could be placed upon limited service , considered as an inducement to the recruits ? He contended that , in giving a vested right to the soldier to a future advantage , the crown must be degraded in his eyes , and the principle was , besides , fallacious even us to its own objects . The incentives which the ; right hon . secretary held out to induce men , to enter the service , would have but little .effect with inconsiderate people , who would .prefer half-a-crown at the moment , to any prospect of future advantage . But the right hon . secretary was alarmed at the waste which his plan would occasion , and accordingly , in order to guard against it , reduced himself to greater and greater difficulties . By his plan a soldier who had served 8 years , might have a pension of 18l . though he served more . But , as to the discipline of the troops , there was no doubt that this would be superior in troops who served for life , than in the army which would be established upon . his mercantile principles . But there were two bad effects of the plan which 488 could not be denied by the author of it . He had often , while on the opposition side of the house , declaimed against the plan of re-enlisting men , yet his army would be liable to this objection in a high degree ; and besides , how were the places of those men to be supplied , whose time was almost out , when a regiment was to be sent on colonial service ? An hon . colonel ( Craufurd ) had said that they might be supplied from the second battalions ; but this was resorting to the old abominable system of drafting After all the discussion on this plan , then , we were only to come to this , that , in stating these evils , a hope was expressed that they might be remedied . The right hon . secretary had either very modestly or very boldly stated , that he would not enter upon a detailed calculation of the waste and the expense that would attend his plan . But as . he had not done it , it was the more necessary that others should do it . His lordship then took the number of the army , including cavalry , artillery , and non-commissioned officers , at 250,000 men ; which was as high