, as now , the period might be 10 years , the danger was greatly diminished . Here the instance of the East-India Company 's troops was peculiarly applicable , and it was of the strongest sort , on account of the distance to the East being so much greater than that to the West Indies : besides , in that service the men were only enlisted for 5 years . The most perfect good faith was kept with them , and the India Company found the benefit of recruiting for this period . They continued enlisting troops on this condition , till the government put an end to it on account of its interfering with the ordinary recruiting of the army . Had he not experience on his side then ? Could he despair of success in an instance where the adverse circumstances were not by any means so strong ? These were the heads of the inconveniences that were set against the hopes which might , upon the soundest principles of reason , be drawn from this measure . This was the only change from which he could see the least chance of procuring the proper numbers to supply the army . This change too would so much enhance the value of the service , that multitudes who would not before have entered 435 the service , would now resort to it . The character of the service would thereby be raised , and a prodigious facility given to our , recruiting . The great objection to the army , amongst persons who had a regard to character , or to the respectability of their situations , was , the people of which it was in some measure composed , in consequence of our recruiting it with convicts and persons of bad repute . It had been denied that distress principally drove men to our ranks ; but this was a resource which it was unfit for this country to depend upon . By these things the army had been brought into disrepute , and the person who had engaged as a soldier , was considered as having degraded himself , and as gone for ever . From the description of people that was introduced into the army , the discipline was necessarily more severe : and this very severity itself prevented respectable people from enlisting , when otherwise they would have done it . These were the evils that called loudly for remedy . The experience of our own service was against the gentlemen on the other side , when they said that limited service would lower the character of the army , for they might have witnessed many instances to the contrary . As to the inconveniences of the colonial service , these ought not for a moment to be put in competition with the advantages which would be derived from the plan of limited service . Then came the parting with them in time of war . He had , by calculation , clearly found that the inconvenience in this respect would be very trifling ; besides that the evils , small as they were , must be at a great distance . These were the considerations which had induced him to resort to this plan ; and he was , in some measure , driven to it from necessity , by the failure of all other expedients . We could not change our population , but we might change the nature of our service ; and this was what was proposed . Now , one word as to the present situation of the army . It would be observed , that this plan was only doing that generally , which partially had existed for many years back . He protested against the argument , that because little effect was produced on this small plan , little could be expected on a larger . The plan of limited service , as it stood at present , had little effect , merely because it was partial . The effects to be expected from such a. measure as this must arise from its notoriety and solemnity .