treasury holding two , they were disqualified to resist the proposition of any new sinecures ? If the noble lord would not contend for that , upon what grounds could he call upon his right honourable friend , ( Mr. Rose ) who had got a sinecure , which was but a just reward for 30 years great public services , to shut his mouth , and say nothing upon such a measure as that before the house ? With regard to the official conduct of the noble lord , he did not believe that it was the intention of his right honourable friend to cast the slightest imputation upon it . But yet he could not help saying , that he was sorry the noble lord did not , in the administration of his office , rather act upon his own good judgment than follow the advice of others . commented upon the species of experience of which the right hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Rose ) seemed to be so very proud . This experience consisted in a knowledge , for the last twenty years , of the abuses which it was the object of the bill before the house to correct , and yet no adequate measure was ever taken by the right honourable gentleman , or his colleagues , to put a stop to them . No ; the right honourable gentleman and his colleagues were reposing on the `` bed of roses '' which they were now using every endeavour in their power to render uneasy to their successors . With regard to the bill before the house , he could not conceive any reason for the earnest opposition made to the provision for appointing a part of the proposed commissioners to inquire , in this country , into the abuses committed in the West Indies . For he could not suppose it possible that any member of parliament would carry his solicitude for public accountants , introduced to office through his patronage , so very far , as to shelter the conduct of such accountants as had taken refuge in this country , from any investigation whatever . adverting to the `` bed of roses '' alluded to by the last speaker , observed that when he first heard the phrase he was certainly rather surprised at it . But , upon subsequent reflection , seeing that the gentlemen on one side felt so much regret on leaving it , and the gentlemen on the other side so much anxiety to get into it , he could not help thinking that there was something in the place much better than he had at first imagined . With regard to the crimination and recrimination upon the 681 subject of sinecures , & c. which the house had witnessed from both sides of the house , such a practice might avail something among the parties themselves , but could have no effect for or against any proposition upon the minds of independent men , or when addressed to the dispassionate understanding of the country . It was of little consequence to those who were anxious for the right to find that both parties were wrong . In the case before the house , he thought that some of the proposed commissioners would be useless ; and it was no defence for those who proposed the bill to make out that their opponents had also created sinecures . On the contrary , whenever the present ministers should be guilty of anything prodigal or arbitrary , he would think their guilt , considering their former professions , greater in a tenfold degree than that of their predecessors . When in opposition , those gentleman were perpetually professing a love of economy , an hatred of arbitrary power , and a desire to limit the increasing patronage of the crown . For the fulfilment of these professions he had looked since their accession to office . But he had looked in vain , and he had recently seen them from the lust of patronage make a most extraordinary use of the prerogative in order