ministry , after the instances he had witnessed of their taking up measures in a crude and undigested manner , and pertinaciously persisting in them , contrary to the opinions and remonstrances of so many members of that house , and of the country . He did not even expect , that they would agree to any delay in the business , notwithstanding the declaration which the right hon . gent . himself had made , that he did not look to it as of immediate necessity , but as a permanent benefit . In this situation , and as great doubts were entertained on the propriety of the measure , he could not see why it might not just as well , stand over till next session , when it might be in their power to bring it forward in a more complete and less objectionable state . Though he did not expect , that any thing he might say would have great weight with ministers ; he did not , however , despair that he should be able to persuade some of the committee to pause , before they should adopt a measure of such mischievous tendency to the army ; before they would sanction an innovation in the system of that army , to which , in these perilous , alarming , and critical times , they were , under Providence , to look for security and protection , and that , at a time , too , when the army was admitted to be sufficient for the occasion . This subject , he insisted , depended upon fact and experience . Though he had heard the ingenious speech of the right hon . gent . with attention , he had not been able to discover a single fact , or a single calculation , on which his measure was to be grounded . It was not sufficient for that right hon . gent . to say , that he expected his measure would be successful ; he ought to have produced facts to justify that opinion . There were documents upon time table to which he should refer for facts , as to the measures that had been taken , at different periods , to remedy the defects in the army . The object of his majesty 's ministers was , not to improve the state of the army , which never was in a higher state of discipline , nor more respectable in amount . The cavalry and infantry , including 14,000 or 15,000 men for limited service , amounted 441 to 150,000 men . The number wanted on the 26th of June , 1805 , to complete them to their full establishment was 44,846 . But , as the establishment varied often , and many men had been added by the Additional Force bill , he thought that the number now wanted could not be above 30,000 , to complete the establishment of the regular army . There must , of necessity , be a large floating deficiency in an army of such an amount . The casualties , on an average , of the years 1803–4–5 , were 17,000 on the whole military force , which , after deducting for casualties in the militia and local corps , left for the regular army , casualties to the amount of 13,000 , or one-twelfth of the whole . Any measure that should be brought forward , ought to be such as to provide for the existing deficiency and the casualties ; and could the right hon . gent . suppose , that his measure would raise 33,000 within the year ? From the Revolution to the present time , the army had been recruited , as it was now , by inlisting for unlimited time and space , except in the two instances he had alluded to ; and that , he contended , was the true principle upon which the army ought to be kept up . The attempt now proposed had been made in the year 1713 , the year before the accession of the House of Hanover , by the introduction