to have expected on that night , that the right hon . secretary would have condescended to open his new plan fully and explicitly . Whatever might be his opinion of the bill itself , it was not his intention to oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair , in order that it might be taken into consideration . He felt extremely reluctant in appearing to give any opposition to measures which his majesty 's ministers declared to be , in their judgment , necessary for the security of the coun- 818 try .If he could at all separate the abstract principle of the bill from the consideration of the time in which it was brought forward , he did not see much to condemn in it . He had himself formerly given his support to a bill nearly similar to the present , which was brought forward by a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Yorke , but under circumstances very different from what now exist . He was however ready to allow , that there was one incidental advantage which might be expected to result from the present bill , and that was , that a considerable number of men would , by the operation of it , be kept in that situation , that the more regular part of our army could easily take advantage of in case of an invasion . He allowed that such a principle was good , if confined to certain limits , but for this object the plan of the right hon . secretary was too comprehensive . The number which was called for in the first instance , 200,000 men , was undoubtedly more than would be wanting to fill up the losses which might be expected in the regulars and the militia ; and as the number was greater than was necessary , so the discipline which was to be given to those men , was much less than what would be necessary , in order to make them efficient . Twenty-four days were quite too little to give that degree of discipline which would be necessary , if there were any idea of employing them with the regular troops . He was convinced that a much smaller number than what was proposed by the right hon . secretary would , with a much greater degree of discipline , be rendered more efficient for the purpose of supporting the regular army in case of invasion . The discipline which was to be obtained in 24 days , was so imperfect , that many general officers would hesitate much to employ such men , and would rather go on with their regular battalions , however they might be reduced . If it were true that the exigencies of the country required a considerable addition to our force , he should prefer in many instances the levy-en-masse bill to that which was now proposed . The principle of that bill rested on the undoubted prerogative of the crown , to call upon the services of all liege subjects in the case of invasion ; and the only power that was added by that bill , was the power of organizing and training those men who were subjects to this exercise of prerogative ; so that , in the case of invasion , the prerogative might be effectually exerted for the defence of the country . But when that bill was passed , the circumstances of the country 819 were very different from what they were at present . At the beginning of the war , in the year 1803 , when that bill was passed , the force of the country amounted to 157,000 men , whereas now its effective force , exclusive of volunteers and of artillery , amounts to 249,000 . When it was therefore considered , that at the time the levy-en masse act passed , there were few volunteers , and that at present , besides the considerable increase of our more regular military force , there is a very considerable number of volunteers who have arrived to a respectable state of discipline , the house