Vincent from the first moment he came into administration , had asserted that the noble lord had every thing prepared to his hand , and little exertion to make beyond the ordinary routine of duty . It was very extraordinary that every exertion of that noble lord should be depreciated , and the merit placed to the account of his noble predecessor ; but without any wish to diminish the merits of earl Spencer , for whose integrity and honour he had the highest respect , he begged to ask , was there no merit in the exertions made by the earl of St. Vincent on his accession to office , and his arrangements for providing what the country then wanted more than ships , namely , seamen to man the channel fleet ? For this purpose he had taken the men out of the first-rates and frigates , and thereby effected a purpose so essential to the safety of the country . The measure was certainly a bold and a strong one , and what few others in his situation would have ventured to adopt ; but it succeeded , and he deserved every credit for it ; for at the end of an 8 years ' war , he was thereby enabled to man 20 additional sail of the line , while he increased the number of frigates from 183 to 195 , and the total number of the navy from 285 to 317 . With respect to the charge of having neglected the repairs of the navy , he begged leave to observe , that after so long and arduous a war , carried on by our fleets and squadrons in every part of the world , the number of ships requiring repairs must be prodigious : for out of 220 ships , only 15 remained in ordinary , so that the whole naval strength of the country was engaged in service . If there was a considerable reduction , it was on account of the excessive repairs necessary , and the enormous expence . Several large ships were certainly broken up ; but it was because the navy-board so recommended ; and , surely , the first lord of the admiralty could not be expected to attend to the necessary operations in every department . In the small craft , certainly , great diminution took place , and a vast number of rotten old tubs had been got rid of , that were useless , and not worth repairs ; they were turned into money , the expence of ship-keeping saved , and the warrant-officers , who would have been occupied uselessly in that way , turned over to new ships that were 193 building , as a provision for them . The noble earl also gave orders , that the Ship-wrights should be kept at work upon the repairs , with increased allowances , as his object was to keep the fleet , as much as possible , in a condition ready for immediate service ; and in consequence of this determination , all the materials of the ships usually brought on shore , such as their guns , & c. were ordered to remain on board ; which was an arrangement that the hon . gent . did not think proper to give the noble earl credit for . The number of ships repaired in the king 's yards , from Oct. 1 , 1804 , to May 15 , 1805 , amounted to 61 . This , he was aware , the hon . gent . could not deny ; but he supposed he would ask why , during that time , were there not some repaired in the merchants ' yards ? To him the reason was obvious , and he thought the house would in a short time be of the same opinion . Eighteen frigates were repaired in merchants ' yards.— called the hon . admiral to order , as he digressed from the point before the house , by adverting to circumstances which had happened , perhaps , 20 years before the subject of the present charge arose .