allowed him no such opportunity . How many members had left town , without reading any of the papers ? And how far was it consistent with rational justice , to try such a case before a tribunal , reduced in its numbers , and incompetent from its very imperfect knowledge of the evidence upon which it was called to decide , to pronounce a final judgment that night , upon a subject of so much importance ? He could assure the friends of the noble marquis , that never was there any thing less calculated to give satisfaction to the public mind than a decision upon such principles ; and those men who could delude themselves into a supposition , that such a decision could have any other than a bad effect , must judge very ill indeed of public opinion in this country . said , it was not his intention to have trespassed upon the attention of the house that night with a single word on the subject ; but feeling it necessary to say something in answer to the charges of delay and procrastination imputed to him by a right hon . and learned gent . ( the Master of the Rolls ) he rose to vindicate himself from an imputation so unfounded . His first motion for papers was on the 25th of June , 1805 ; and it was not until the 20th of May last , that any of the criminating documents were laid before the house . For the truth of this he appealed to the house ; and he appealed also to the noble lord lately at the head of the board of controul , whether he had not been incessant in his applications to him to forward the production of papers in his department ; and whether the noble lord had not told him , in March last , that it was a matter of question and doubt whether some of the papers for which he had moved , and those the most important , would be produced at all ? As soon as he could obtain the chief papers for which he had moved , in five days afterwards he laid his first charge upon the table ; but there were many other papers for which he had moved , which were not produced to this day—papers to prove the most exorbitant and extraordinary demands upon the nabob of Oude , to the amount of 300,000l . He moved for the accounts six different times ; and all that he had yet been able to obtain , from all the diligence that could be used at India-house , was a return respecting the 27th light dragoons , which he found to be a most false and exaggerated account . He had said to the house , that he would be ready to bring forward his 933 charge on the 10th of June ; but the noble lord had taken it out of his hands , and proposed to bring it forward on the 18th . This precluded him from moving a single step until the 18th , when he moved for the oral evidence , which was not concluded , with the examination of sir J. Craig , until two days since , and which was not until last night in the hands of members . Having , therefore vindicated himself from the charge of delay and procrastination , he hoped the hon . and learned gent . would retract what he had said . But with respect to the subject itself , he conjured the house to consider deliberately , before they precipitated a decision upon a question of so much importance . If marquis Wellesley 's reputation was the only question at stake , he should not wish to delay the decision of the house for a single moment . He disclaimed all personal enmity to the noble marquis , who had never done him an injury ; he disclaimed all obligation to him , as never having received any favour at his hands , save an act of justice which it was his duty to render