the American war , there were many enlisted only for the war , who served in the same regiments with soldiers enlisted for life , and no such discontents were then heard of . Neither could he see that any such discontents were likely to prevail in the navy , for the sailors were in fact only serving for a limited term , and expected their discharge at the conclusion of the war . He could not allow that the plan deserved the name of a theory or a speculation ; it was built upon the general principles of human nature , and upon the known effects which the history of all nations proved to result from those principles , and in this sense it must , be said to be founded on experience . The mere opinions of an individual might be erroneous , but the great principles of human nature were unchangeable . The hon . gent . concluded , by observing on the advantages likely to result from the improvement in the system of colonial service ; and took that opportunity to state how strongly he was impressed with the idea , that it was the continuance of the Slave trade , and the state of barbarism our slaves were kept in , which principally occasioned the necessity of sending annually thousands of our soldiers to protect the whites in the West Indies , not so much from the foreign enemy , as from their own slaves ; and it was this West India service which was at the same time the greatest drain to the British army , and the greatest discouragement to its being recruited . could not avoid shortly expressing his sentiments upon the important question then before the house . He thought that his right hon . friend ( Mr. 536 Windham ) had not been handsomely or fairly treated , when plan had been so often called a whim , and a wild and fanciful Theory . The word theory was generally applied to systems and opinions hastily adopted : but the gentlemen on the other side of the house had been complaining , week after week , and day after day , of his right hon . friend having taken so much time to consider and mature his plan , before he presented it to the house . In the full responsibility of the measure , not only his majesty 's ministers in that house , but a noble lord , in the other ( lord Grenville ) , would willingly take their full share . As for himself , though he had no share in the responsibility , yet when be heard his right hon . friend charged as a rash and hasty speculator for introducing it , he must say , that he so perfectly approved of it , that he should wish his political character in that respect to stand or fall with that of those who introduced this measure . A good deal had been said in the course of the discussions that had taken place on this question , of the opinions of the general officers not being laid before that general officers not being laid before that house . The opinions of officers were given upon a question referred to them by the commander in chief , and which was different from that which was now under discussion . The question which had been referred to them was merely between limited service and service for life . There were , however , in the present plan , so many auxiliary inducements combined with proposed limitation , that the question then to be considered was totally different from that which had been referred to the general officers . As to the motives which induced men to enlist , he believed the non-commissioned officers could speak better than the generals ; but every man of common sense , and who was at all acquainted with the character of the English nation , might form a good judgment on that subject . He considered that the casualties of the army , reckoned at 15,000 annually , would not