this point , and prove the full competence of the tribunal to which he alluded , to try crimes of the present description . He mentioned the case of Mr. Holland , against whom charges was preferred by the crown , strictly of a political nature ; such as , not marching troops with sufficient expedition against 739 Tippoo Sultaun ; not forwarding with sufficient promptitude dispatches from Tillicherry to Bombay , with an account of the hostilities which had broken out with Tippoo : and the whole of the charges , with but one or two exceptions , were of a similar nature , relating to the making of war , the marching of troops , & c. This cause had a final hearing in 1794 ; 12 of the counts out of 19 were continued ; and for the other 7 , which had been rejected a writ of error was brought in the Court of King 's Pench to confirm them ; but in the interim , Mr. Holland absconded with all his property . This instance , then , he hoped would prove the acknowledged competency of such a tribunal to try crimes of a high political nature . He had been told by some gentlemen , that in the present case he had made his objection too late , and that the house having entertained the charge , was now indispensably bound to come to some decision upon it . To this he would answer , that he could not make his objection until he was aware of the full grounds and nature of the charge , which he could not be until it was laid upon the table , with the documents upon which it was founded ; and this was the very first opportunity he had had of making his objections since the charge and documents were completely before the house . Other members who had not read the documents so extensively as he had , might not be so fixed in their opinions as to the impropriety of entertaining a charge of this nature before either house of parliament ; however , he himself had let no time slip by him in making his objection upon the first fair opportunity that offered . The hon . member who brought forward this charge had an undoubted right to lay it upon the table , even though he stood entirely alone and unseconded . So far the house had entertained the charge , but no farther ; they had founded upon it no proceeding , nor pledged themselves to any , and therefore could , with the utmost propriety , dismiss it . There were precedents in point upon the journals : —the cases , for instance , of lord Coningsby and sir G. Porter , in the reign of king William , and some others . On the part of the noble lord , he was apprehensive that the dismissal would give him some pain , as it would look like refusing to hear the cause ; but he could not think of violating an important public principle , in compliment to individual feelings , or give way to a mode of proceeding , which it was so desirable to avoid . It 740 might be said , that misrepresentations had gone forth in print , and that documents had been printed by that house , in support of the charge , which rendered a speedy decision the more necessary ; to which he had to answer , that documents equally strong , in refutation of those charges , had been also printed ; and what right had the house to conclude that the public mind would only attend to the accusation , and reject the defence ? For this own part , he had studiously avoided , throughout the whole of his speech , any expression that could in the slightest degree mark the bias of his own opinion upon the truth or falsehood of the charge in question ; but in case the house should be disposed to entertain the charge , and to go into the discussion , he saw