house then resolved itself into a Committee on the Bill.—On the clause being read for the appointment of five commissioners for auditing accounts , two to act in the West Indies , and three at home , objected to it as an unnecessary and unprecedented creation of new and sinecure places , merely for the purposes of patronage . He stated , that so far was this from being sanctioned by the example of the Board of Treasury , under which he had the honour to act , that in 19 years that Board suppressed upwards of 100 sinecure places , of from 2000l . to 800l . a year . Two sinecure places of 8000l . a year , and which at this time would have amounted to 40,000l . were vacant , and in the gift of his right hon . friend deceased , ( Mr. Pitt ) ; but instead of nominating to them , and thus extending his patronage , that great minister suppressed them , as he did all the others , when vacancies occurred . There were at one time forty of them vacant , and he suppressed them all ; a fact which he was ready to prove , if any gentleman thought proper to dispute it ; for there was nothing he had more at heart , than that the conduct of that Board , 665 during the 19 years that he belonged to it , should be examined into . There was no danger of any persons now flying from the West Indies to this country , to escape inquiry , as they would be equally liable to it here , since the passing of the act of 1802 . As he considered this new creation to be a matter of patronage and mere formality , without producing any benefit whatever , he should , on a future day , move for an examination at the bar , to enquire what use they could be of . expressed his surprise that gentlemen should put this bill on such a footing , as to suppose that three commissioners here , in constant correspondence with the commissioners abroad , could be of no use to the auditors of public accounts . As to their refusing to go abroad in rotation , that was no more to be expected than in other branches of service , where gentlemen accepted of employments subject to all the contingencies that belonged to them , and indeed there was the less chance of such a refusal , as , after residing two years in the West Indies , they would also in the same rotation come back again . Amongst the many virtues of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) now at the head of the treasury , industry and attention were far from being excluded ; and he would pledge his life and reputation , that if the situations of these commissioners should turn out to be mere sinecures , instead of being laborious and operative , the board of treasury would be greatly mistaken in what it was about . then moved an amendment , `` that instead of five , there should be only three commissioners . '' argued against the clause at considerable length . The principal points he dwelt upon were , that it was an alarming thing for the house to be now called upon to create an additional class of auditors , who , if they were to be operative , would render the final auditors , to whom the country looked for responsibility , a mere sinecure . Upon the whole , he could see only three effects that could arise from it . Either this new creation would embarrass the existing auditors , or they would turn them into sinecures , or be sinecures themselves , in any of which cases he must consider the measure to be mischievous . adverted to the observation made , of its being a proof of the patronage , that he had offered these places , though belonging to a department he was uncon- 666 nected with . Now , the fact