that , in such case , the house should be empowered to order execution to issue on the judgment of such court pending the appeal . This , however , was entirely a new measure , and not standing on the same solid grounds of English experience with the other parts of the plan did , and therefore he would take further time to consider of it . One point of detail he would first mention—it was proposed to abolish , or at least to limit , as much as possible , extraction of records , documents , & c. in causes , in Scotland , which had grown into a great abuse , volumes being thus frequently made up in one cause , the expence of extracting which alone amounted to more than the value of the object in dispute . It was proposed , therefore , to confine this system of extracting to a mere exemplification of the record , the pleadings , and the interlocutors . He was aware , that , in carrying into execution a detailed system , like the present , there were many persons whose interest might be injured , and not merely interests , but whose just rights or just expectations founded upon previous study and application , with a view to particular departments , might be injured . If the proposed plan should be carried into execution , and any such instances of loss or injury should arise , he had no doubt that the justice of parliament would award a proper compensation ; with one other point also , be would trouble their lordships : it was necessary that there should be some means of preventing an aged and infirm judge from being reduced to the painful necessity of retiring with old age into poverty ; or of continuing to exercise those duties for which corporeal and perhaps mental infirmity had rendered him in a great mea- 735 sure incapabe ; a provision of this kind existed in England , and he thought ought to be extended to Scotland . He had now gone through the whole of the proposed plan , which , if it did not go so far as some might wish , rested , so far as it went , upon solid grounds of experience in this part of the united kingdom . He thought it would be highly advantageous if the practice of hearing counsel intended to be introduced into the court of review was introduced into all the Scottish courts . He would not go , however , thus far at present , and would rather prefer that the present plan should be first tried . He wished that the whole plan should undergo the most deliberate investigation , and that it should be thoroughly and maturely considered by those who were best enabled to form a judgment as to its merits , or give information upon the subject . He wished also that their lordships should have full time to consider the subject maturely , and with all the new light that could possibly be thrown upon it With that view , it was his intention to propose a number of resolutions , which , after they had passed through the committee , it was his intention should be printed ; he would then move that the consideration of the subject should be postponed till a day when it was likely parliament would not sit , in order that the final discussion upon them might be postponed till next session . His lordship concluded by moving a number of resolutions in conformity with the objects proposed in his speech . stated , that this subject had been under the consideration of the late ministry , who had taken steps for the purpose of obtaining every possible information respecting it , with the view of afterwards bringing it , with the view of afterwards bringing it before parliament . Upon his present view of the subject , he concurred with the noble lord in most of his propositions ; he thought the division of the court of session into three courts would be much