therefore , were mere matter of agreement ; but in this instance , as the motion was objected to , he hoped it would be withdrawn . said , though there was no standing order to the effect , he wished the practice to continue as laid down by the Speaker . stated the ancient usage of parliament to be , that motions might be offered without any notice . This usage was even now often applied with advantage . The recent practice , founded upon general convenience , was , certainly , that notice should be given . He was unwilling that any general unqualified rule should be established ; but that every case should be left to the sense of the house on its own individual merits . observed , that the rule was far from being uniformly observed ; for , in a late instance , the house allowed the foreign secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) to pass , at the hour of 12 o'clock at night , so important a thing as a Vote of Approbation for the conduct of earl St. Vincent , while at the head of the board of admiralty , without any previous notice . said , that the vote passed in favour of earl St. Vincent , at midnight , and without any previous notice , was a singular and Unprecedented proceeding ; and was entering more at large into that subject , when he was interrupted by who observed , that it was neither orderly nor convenient to take this opportunity a entering into the discussion of a former motion . said , that as there were many instances of motions without notice , he thought his would pass as a matter of course ; but having been opposed , he would beg leave to withdraw it , and give notice that he should renew the motion on Tuesday next ; which was agreed to.—He next observed , that one of time witnesses necessary to this impeachment ( sir J. Craig ) was ill , and unable to attend at the bar of the 783 house . He , therefore , conformably to precedents , moved that a committee be appointed to examine him , to draw up questions , and report his answers to the house , which was agreed to , and Mr. Paull , sir A. Wellesley , and Mr. Hobhouse were appointed to be the committee . moved the order of the day for the house resolving itself into a committee for the further consideration of the Oude Charge against marquis Wellesley . before the house should resolve itself into a committee , wished to call the consideration of the house to a subject which strongly affected his own mind . He thought , that from the great extent of the evidence on both sides , upon those several charges , it would be utterly impossible for members to have sufficiently considered the nature a that evidence , to enable them to come to a deliberate decision upon those charges in the present session . He was of opinion , therefore , that the best way to proceed would be to have the evidence fully gone through in the present session , and that all the documents adduced on both sides should be printed for the use of the members , who , in the course of the recess , would have an opportunity of considering and weighing the testimony maturely , and -might come the better prepared , on the meeting of the ensuing session , to give a clear , deliberate , and decided vote on the subject . The hon . gent . who brought forward the charge would be greatly injured by a premature decision of the case . The noble lord would only have the disagreeable feeling of a charge having been made against him which had not been decided , a situation to which all persons in high situations must be aware that they were exposed . But he could not see what injury he could thereby sustain . Every person who read the one part of the