out raw recruits , to whom the climate was particularly fatal . This was to render out best soldiers an indisposable force . The enormous expence was a most important consideration , when our finances laboured so vitally under the burthens brought on by this war . These burthens would make it question , whether an actual increase of out disposable force was desirable , at an expence likely to be ruinous . But when that ruinous expence was to be incurred for a trifling and uncertain increase , there was reason to hesitate indeed . He wishes the measure to be withdrawn for the present , and brought forward in a separate form , with the proper lights to direct the judgment of the house upon it In its present shape , the measure would counteract the very good it was expected to produce . Suppose it did not add to the numbers produced by the ordinary recruiting , and the vast proportion of discharge were to come on in 7 years , how would 500 they be provided for ? It was possible that he produce might be sufficient to cover the discharges ; but that , or the probability of it , should be made to appear . The discharges would operate when the men were perfect in discipline . It was true , the right hon . gent . calculated that the men would re-inlist ; but the house could not take the right hon . gentleman 's word for that , particularly when he gave the men the option of so great a benefit . A less numerous army , in a perfect state of discipline , was more desirable than a more numerous one , less perfect . When a man thought of going into the army , he did not calculate the time . Seven years was , besides , almost as much as a man 's life , with respect to a removal from any occupation to which the soldier might wish to return , after having gratified his desire of military glory . When the period was near expiring , they would think of nothing but home . he saw no reason why a man might not be content to become a soldier in life , as well as a carpenter , a blacksmith , & c. unless the disgust for such long service was created by the supporters of the present system . The instance of general Washington 's army , in the America war , afforded a most striking example . But the Americans resorted to the means from necessity ; whereas , we were about to resort to it from design , and without necessity . It was only in cases of compulsory service that a limitation had been , hitherto , adopted ; now , it was proposed to extend it to volunteers . He was of opinion that , after the removal of the ballot of the Army of Reserve act , and the Additional Force act , and competition incurred by them , the ordinary recruiting would do a great deal , and he wished the experiment to be tried . It was not so much the engagement for life that kept men out of the army ; but the things that had been connected with it . He wished the right hon . gent . would consent to withdraw the measure for the present , for the purpose of trying what we could do without it . If the right hon . gent . would not consent to that , at least that it should be sent back to the place from whence it came , to be brought forward again in a more digested form . If they would do neither of these , he must make use of the rights he had , and give his decided opposition to the measure . said , he felt as much disappointed that his right hon friend had not treated the subject in a Constitutional point of view , as his right hon . 501 and learned friend had expressed himself to be , that