has always done himself so much honour . I will not compare that authority with that of a right hon . gent . now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose talents have always so justly been entitled to admiration , and whose eloquence was never more powerfully displayed on any occasion , than in opposition to this trade . I will not compare it with that of a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) , one of your predecessors , but not your immediate one , in that chair , who though he opposed the manner in which we wished to obtain an abolition , yet as to the principle , no man ever enforced more strongly , or with more feeling , his utter detestation of it . Another noble lord also ( lord Melville ) , who took a lead in constantly opposing our attempts at a total and immediate abolition ; yet , in regard to the principle , when he prevailed in his measure of gradual abolition , recorded his opinion on the Journals , by moving , that the house considered the Slave Trade to be adverse to policy , humanity , and justice . I do not , therefore , suppose , that there can be above one , or perhaps two members in the house , who can object to a condemnation of the nature of the trade , and shall now proceed to recall the attention of the house to what has bean its uniform , consistent , and unchangeable opinion for the last 18 years , during which we should blush to have it stated , that not one step has yet been taken towards the Abolition of the Trade . If , then , we have never ceased to express our reprobation , surely the house must think itself bound by its character , and the consistency of its proceedings , to condemn it now . The first time this measure was proposed , on the motion of my hon . friend , which was in the year 1791 , it was , after a long and warm discussion , rejected . In the following year , 1792 , after the question had been , during the interval , better considered , there appeared to be a very strong disposition , generally , to adopt it to the full ; but in the committee , the question for a gradual abolition was carried . On that occasion , wh the most strenuous efforts were made to specify the time when the total abolition should take place , there were sev 583 sions in the house about the number of years , and lord Melville , who was the leader and proposer of the gradual abolition , could not venture to push the period longer than eight years , or 1800 , when it was to be totally abolished . Yet . we are now in the year 1806 , and while surrounding nations are reproaching us with neglect , not a single step has been taken towards this just , humane , and politic measure . When the question for a gradual abolition was carried , there was no one could suppose that the trade would last so long ; and in the mean time we have suffered other nations to take the lead of us . Denmark , much to its honour , has abolished the trade ; or , if it could not abolish it altogether , it has at least done all it could , for it has prohibited its being carried on in Danish ships , or by Danish sailors . I own , that when I began to consider the subject , early in the present session , my opinion was , that the total abolition of the whole might be carried this year ; but subsequent business , intervened , in the discussions of the military plan ; besides which there was an abolition going forward in the foreign trade , from our colonies , and it was thought right to carry that measure first through , before we proceeded to the other