should be appointed to succeed him in the government . What could be the object of ministers in discharging sir G. Barlow , so soon after his appointment , he felt it impossible , upon any rational ground , to estimate . As to the debt of the India company in India , his wish was , that it should travel home , and he was sure that their circumstances and credit here would be quite sufficient soon to discharge it . after paying some compliments to the noble lord ( Morpeth ) , for the fairness and perspicuity with which he had stated the result of the several accounts now before the house , addressed himself to the chairman , to the following effect : —That he had intended to confine himself to a few observations on the accounts , to which the noble lord had referred ; but that , many extraneous topics having been introduced into the debate , particularly by the noble lord who spoke last ( lord Castlereagh ) , he found himself obliged to take notice of some of those topics . A great deal has been said , without any direct relation to the India budget , on the impropriety of the revocation of sir G. Barlow . In the measure itself I have no concern , and , as I do not know the reasons on which it was adopted , I shall neither censure nor defend it . But I am sure that the arguments which I have heard this night against it , are not all conclusive . Nothing can be more clear and explicit than the power vested in his majesty by the act of 1793 , to revoke any appointment of a governor-general made by the court of directors . The act was proposed and introduced by lord Melville . The power gives the right , and the exercise of the right is trusted to the discretion of the king 's ministers . Undoubtedly , it is not to be exercised capriciously , or upon ordinary occasions . It is reserved for particular cases and circumstances , on the exigency of which the crown , by the advice of a responsible council , is to judge . Does the noble lord mean to contend that parliament has given a power , which it was intended should never be exercised ? But against whom or what can it be resorted to at any time ? The answer is , against an act of the court of directors . It can apply to nothing else . At the same time , I am ready to admit , that a wanton or interested application of the power , though according to law , would be just as abusive and criminal as an assumption of it against law . When you admit the trust , you must prove the abuse of it . The services of sir G. Barlow are extolled , and the confidence which the court of directors repose in his attachment to the true interests of the India company , is particularly insisted on . They consider him as a servant of their own in contradistinction to persons recommended by government . This is a new language , sir , considering the quarter it comes from . I have heard him spoken of in very different terms , by persons very 1058 high in the direction of the company 's affairs ; and even with expressions of indignation , at the uniform support he gave to every measure of lord Wellesley , without exception ; and particularly for never attempting to check him in the exercise of independent authority , not warranted by law . Look at their own dispatches on this subject , published by themselves . Sir G. Barlow is not mentioned by name , but he is charged by direct implication . They say , `` he is certainly guilty of a dereliction of his duty , and must inevitably incur the displeasure of the court of directors . '' In another dispatch , they say that , `` by suffering measures not regularly and legally