the noble lord seemed to argue is if to give the soldier an interest in civil , liberty , to furnish him with additional reasons for attachment to the constitution of his country , was to damp his zeal . What ! that when the pay of a soldier was increased ; when his period of service was , limited ; when he had the prospect of returning to the enjoyment of his country 's rights , that he would be less eager in her . cause ! If that were really the case , that when all the motives were afforded which ? could serve to animate a soldier 's mind , that an English soldier would be insensible ; that he would be damped ; the thing was incredible ; but , if it were so , then England was to be defended by satellites , and not by soldiers ; and the constitution was to rely , for its security , on an army in sensible to its value , and unworthy of living under its auspices . If the English were really such a.force , then the old excitement to patriotic valour , the pro aris et focis , had ceased to . have its weight . If such degeneracy had taken place , an : army of Persians , or Mamelukes , would answer as , well for the . defence of this country ; for , according to . this , our army was , become mere machines , and ceased to be English men ; if such were the case , how much had . all the provisions failed , which were taken ; to attach the military to the constitution of the country ! in fact , to interfuse , as much as was practicable , the .military with the civil character . With that view , military officers were permitted to sit in parliament , notwithstanding their dependence on the crown . This permission was always allowed , from the evident policy of cultivating an intercourse between the military and the constitution of the country . The officer from such an intercourse , was , of course , more likely to excite , in the , minds , of the soldiery , a just reverence for freedom ; and , when a soldier was furnished with a comfortable livelihood , that must naturally tend to enhance his estimate of himself and his country . Indeed , none was ever to be found , in the military character , by whom liberty had been always so highly prized , as by the old English soldiers —One of the objects of the right hon secretary 's plan was , to give the soldier a competent subsistence ; and of this he particularly approved . Every Sentiment of 495 humanity , justice , and policy , called for the assignment of an adequate provision to the soldiery , after they had become unable to serve . This , too , holding out to them the prospect of having a permanent interest in the state , formed an additional stimulus to their zeal while in the service . To create this interest had always been the policy of wise states . The Romans would admit none into the army , but those who were possessed of property ; because , without it , they did not suppose that men were likely to feel much interest in the state . In consequence of this , the population were divided into six classes ; the lowest of whom , because destitute , were deemed unworthy to be trusted with arms . That wise people were , therefore , particular about the construction and character of their army ; and so they continued until towards the period of their decline . They then changed their system ; they entrusted their defence to præorian bands , and their liberty was soon . the victim . Their hands became bad soldiers , as well as bad subjects ; and they soon waited on their emperor , to request his order to assassinate the senate . This institution having extinguished the