seemed to have fallen respecting the army which served in Egypt . The greatest part of that army consisted of men who had enlisted for unlimited service . There was not above a regiment or two , whose constitution was otherwise . said , that most of the 20th , 40th , and 80th ( Irish ) regiments were composed of men who had enlisted for limited service , limited as to space and time only . said , that he had listened with the greatest attention to the right hon . secretary for the war department , and that he thought it but right to give the plan a fair trial . He originally had great objections to enlistments for limited service , but the clause by which it was proposed to retain the men for 3 years , if it should be necessary , after the expiration of the first period of service , reconciled him , in a great degree , to the measure . His objections to it were greatly diminished , if not entirely removed by this alteration ; and he would , therefore , decline making any opposition to the clause which it was intended to introduce . said a few words in a low tone , the purport of which we understood to be in opposition to the measure . He thought the question already sufficiently understood and discussed , and he wished to come to a decision at once . and said : —I can not reconcile it , sir , to my sense of duty as a member of parliament , to suffer a question of such magnitude to be hurried to a decision in this extraordinary manner . Instead 455 of that precipitancy which now appears to be intended , we surely ought to proceed with more than usual caution in a case which involves so important an innovation in one of the most important establishments of the country . Ministers must either have a most extraordinary confidence in themselves , or expect an unlimited confidence from others , if they imagine that the house can be prevailed upon to concur in a measure of such magnitude , and to sanction changes so hazardous with no better reasons than they have yet assigned , and no more satisfactory explanation than they have yet condescended to give to the objections which have been stated . I can not but consider the manner in which this subject has been brought forward , as being , almost as great an innovation in the constitutional practice of parliament , as the measure itself is in the system of our army . This , I believe , is the first instance in our parliamentary history , in which it has been attempted to introduce a fundamental change in an established system , merely by a clause introduced in a committee upon a bill , and that bill one which must of necessity be passed within a limited time , at the hazard of leaving us without an army . The mutiny bill has already been renewed three tunes in the course of the present year : the last which we passed will expire on a given day ; and we are plainly told , that we must abridge our deliberations on this bill which is now before us , in order that it may receive the sanction of the legislature , before that which it is to replace expires . I desire the house to consider , whether this was a fair and fit situation in which to place us , for the discussion of a question requiring so much caution and deliberation . I have always understood it to be the practice of this house , when any matter of great importance , and especially any matter that goes to affect the fundamental establishments of the country , was to be submitted to its consideration , to multiply the stages of discussion , by originating the subject of the bill in a previous committee of the whole house . In that committee , it may be matter of debate , whether any measure upon