England , he could never he supposed to undervalue the services of volunteers in recommending the training of such a force as he described . But these men every where armed and ready to form on any part of the coast against ail enemy aided by detachments of artillery , before volunteers , quartered in towns , could be got together in force , must he of important service . As to the practicability of a formidable invasion suddenly , and in ships of war , he had a proof before his eyes ; for being quartered at Yarmouth some years since , when admiral Duncan commanded a fleet in the North Sea , that gallant commander came into port , and swept the sea of all the Dutch fishing-boats in his way , to prevent their giving intelligence of his return to port . By desire of the admiral , he had marched down 910 his garrison to the water 's edge , in order to try how many Men each of those schnyts where capable of conveying ; and he found that each boat could conveniently carry fifty-five fighting men , with their arms , ammunition , and knapsacks ; of such boats the Dutch have many thousands in their ports employed in the fisheries or . in smuggling to our coasts , of which they know every creek where a landing , might be effected , a ad every shoal and sand-bank over which their boats would float at any given time of the tide , with perfect safety . Seeing this to be the case and knowing it to be the firm opinion of admiral Duncan , that the landing of an enemy in such a way was practicable , he could not feel the country secure against danger even with all the protection of our formidable fleets at sea ; and , therefore he thought our force at home could not be too , formidable : for this reason , he highly approved of the bill . considered the measure as unnecessary and injurious . It was singular , he observed , that gentlemen on the other side talked of the expenditure of millions as of a matter of insignificance , and yet they rested upon economy as the great recommendation of their course of proceeding with respect to the volunteers . The hon . gent . remarked upon the facility with which the present ministers contrived to change their principles with their places . vindicated the character of tho measure under consideration , to which , he maintained , the charge of involving any breach of faith towards the volunteers was totally inapplicable . This assertion the learned gent . sustained by referring to the levy-en-masse act , from which the charge was professedly deduced , and also to the circular letter front the secretary of state , which was published subsequent to that act . From both he inferred , that nothing like a permanent pledge was given that it a certain number of volunteers offered for any district , such district should , be uniformly exempted , from the operation of any measure of the nature of that before the house . considered the bill as wholly unnecessary at present , on a comparison with the period and circumstances under which the former training bill was brought forward by his right hon . friend ; for at that time our regiments of the line were reduced to skeletons , our militia but just called out , after having been disbanded , and the regiments nut one-third full , or 911 disciplined ; our volunteer corps but just forming , and scarcely initiated in their drills ; and invasion threatening us every hour . But though he was by no means disposed to undervalue our danger , or the force of the enemy , yet he could not forget the vast difference of our comparative situation . The naval force of that enemy had been since destroyed by our fleets , while our army was increased above 100,000 men , and our volunteer force amounted now to 300,000 disciplined troops able to act