own view as in that of the country and of Europe , after all that had already taken place . When his majesty 's present ministers had come into office , it was the general impression in the country that some fundamental change would be immediately made in the military system of the country , and he left the house to judge how far such a fundamental change was consistent with the efficient state of the army , as represented in the statements of the secretary at war . So full , however , had the house and the country been of the expectation that some such fundamental change was to be brought forward , that he and his friends had suggested , with a view to afford the right hon . gent . an opportunity of maturing the measure , the expediency of passing a mutiny bill for two months . The suggestion had been acted upon , and he begged the house now to recollect in what a situation it was placed . These were the fourth military estimates which had been voted this year , and in order to give effect to these estimates , a fourth mutiny bill was to be passed . He asked whether any government had ever exhibited such extraordinary an extraordinary instance of inefficiency ? One might have expected that these fourth estimates should contain some new matter , some indication of the measures which the right hon . gent . meant to produce . Yet , stange as it was and must appear to every gentleman in the house , the estimates now proposed to be voted , differed in nothing from those that had been voted in March , except in the amount of saving from the reduction of the cavalry . He agreed with his hon . friend ( general Tarleton ) , that it was desirable to keep the cavalry on a respectable footing ; but , from the difficulty that had been felt in maintaining that body on the full establishment , he asserted that it was the intention of the late government to reduce them , according to the plan now proposed , to 800 rank and file each regiment . After all the parade , or rather farce of such frequent delays in the production of the promised measures , the present proceeding would have the effect of 315 shewing to Europe , that there existed an extreme jealousy between the parliament and the government , when such short mutiny bills were passed . The present measure was not calculated to give the parliament or the country any idea of what the principles or prominent features of the proposed measures were . And here he begged to ask the secretary at war for information respecting the subject of the volunteers , with regard to whom , considerable apprehensions had been excited by the speech of the right hon . gent. , and notwithstanding the efforts , that had since been made to explain away the impression produced on the public by that speech , the statements made that night were not calculated to remove them : but on this subject he should take another opportunity of speaking more at large , and in consenting to vote the estimates in this instance , he begged not to vote them otherwise than as matter of account , and not to preclude himself from reverting to the subject on a future occasion . The economy under the head of volunteer expenditure he considered as a contemptible consideration . The object of the right hon . gent . seemed to be to breaks down that respectable body , and to get rid of them as an effective part of the military defence of the country . When the right hon . gent. , in the present instance , affirmed that they had no designs upon the volunteer system , but rather wished to support it , they were only defending themselves against the indignant feelings of the public . But , as the right hon . gent . had intimated to the house , on the day when the