laws of quarantine have continued long enough to be enforced , and have been found to be attended with infinite advantage . These may be deemed a constraint upon the public , but having proved so beneficial , why not impose the same controul over mankind in other cases where communications with the diseased may be attended with dangerous consequences ? Now we know , sir , that the small pox has been found by long and fatal experience , to be nearly a kind of plague , so that great advantage would arise to society were we to prohibit persons who do not vaccinate their children , from allowing them , when labouring under the small pox , to go out amongst others who have hitherto escaped its dreadful consequences . This is a sort of justice , which I conceive parliament owes to the country , and a benefit , which would , by our example being followed , even extend itself to other countries . The present permission of variolated patients going abroad amongst society is not productive of any advantages , either to the children themselves , or their parents . If we found that the parents were not willing to confine their children in their own houses , would there not be an evident propriety in government having places appointed for that express purpose ? I only throw out these hints , as I think it is a thing which gentlemen ought to hold in their minds . This measure of regulation could by no possible construction be reckoned as compulsory upon the feelings of the people , or in any degree injurious to the liberty of society . It is merely an act of security , rendered necessary in order to guard the lives of some of our fellow-creatures against infection , and is both a salutary and mild restriction . It is not contrary to measures which parliament have it in their power to adopt , in regard to other cases of contagious disorders . I remember perfectly well , that soon after the discovery of vaccine inoculation , it was said that many more people had died of the small pox than before ; this however , was found to be entirely owing to the patients going into the open air , and catching infection at a time when they were most susceptible of it . I am not at all surprised that the 888 practice of vaccine inoculation has made so very little progress in this the very country where it originated , as it is owing to one of those curious circumstances which arise from the state and principles of human nature that new discoveries are viewed with greater caution and surprise in those places where they are first made , than in those countries where they are afterwards disseminated . While in other countries great labour and pains are bestowed in cultivating and improving a discovery , and in putting it into practice for the benefit of the human race , it is often found that the reputation of its original success dies gradually away in the very country which gave it birth.—Now , sir , what is the best mode of getting the better of that extraordinary antipathy which arises in the human mind upon the subject of discoveries or innovations ? Is it not to infuse information into the minds of the people by every possible means ! To hold out to their view proofs of its superior efficacy in foreign countries , and to demonstrate clearly the advantages with which it might naturally be attended in our own ? and to remove those prejudices which have arisen from the vague and unfounded reports of self-interested individuals ? These surely are the means which , if adopted , would tend to dis eminate the happy consequences of this useful and wonderful discovery throughout the inhabitants of our own country , and still farther to extend its advantages to the most distant quarters of the globe . On the whole , sir , I can not help wishing , that the noble lord would consider whether , or