and not confound the services and the periods . The manor of Woodstock was granted , and the expense of the palace provided for , in consequence of the victory at Blenheim , in August 1704 . But , it appears by the journals , that , although his services , in the year 1702 , were acknowledged in high terms , and that queen Anne desired nothing but , that the allowance of 5000l . a year , which she had granted to him , out of the post-office , for her own life , might be contained to his family , to support the honour of the dukedom , which she had lately conferred upon him , the house of commons positively refused it . No man can think more highly than I do of the services of lord Nelson . It would be invidious to enter into a comparison of personal merits between him and the duke of Marlborough . I shall , therefore , only say that , if the merits were equal , the cases would not be parallel . In the first place , queen Anne thought 5000l . a year quite sufficient to support the rank and title of a 1151 Duke ; but now it is not thought enough for the title of an Earl . But what make the essential difference , in the two cases , is that the duke of Marlborough was alive and had children living . He , who received the reward , had earned it by acts o his own . Lord Nelson 's collateral relations personally , are unknown to the public , ant can have no claim but what they derive from the accidental honour of bearing his name , and from services , in which they had no share . The gratitude , due to his memory , would , in my opinion , be better expressed with less profusion . He , who gives the public money , or his own , with moderation and economy , shews , that he value the thing he gives . Without arguing the question any longer , I adhere to my former opinion . thought it unnecessary to say any thing as to the merits of lord Nelson , whose character it would be as difficult to exalt by panegyric as to depreciate by calumny . But with respect to the measure before the committee , he observed , that it conveyed a proposition of reward for services of an unparalleled nature , far short indeed of that which was granted to the duke of Marlborough . remarked , that if 5,000l . a year was , in the days of the duke of Marlborough , deemed necessary to support the dignity of a duke , that sum now , from the comparative value of money , was scarcely adequate to uphold the rank of an earl . But he viewed this grant altogether , not so much as a provision for the family of lord Nelson , as a pledge of national liberality , held out to our navy to encourage an imitation bf that hero 's example . conceived that , if any reference were had to the case of the duke of Marlborough in order to apply that case to the measure before the committee , such application could only serve to suggest a considerable augmentation of the proposed grant . The expence of building Blenheim alone , it appeared , exceeded the amount of the provision contained in this bill . But , independently of this expence , and the other sums alluded to by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , it was to be recollected that the family of the duke of Marlborough still enjoyed a revenue of 5000l . from the post-ounce , which was originally granted in consideration of the services of that distinguished officer . Of the sum which his bill proposed to allow , the noble lord observed that 20,000l , were to be divided 1152 between the two sisters of lord Nelson , who were , he was very sorry