, in lieu of that before the house . But , he preferred the latter , and to those who seemed so anxious to present him with a substitute , he would say ; `` Timeo Danaos et `` dona ferentes . '' The noble lord disclaimed any , intention of persisting in this tax from a pertinacious adherence to his own opinion , but from a firm conviction , after the most attentive consideration of all that he had heard upon the subject , that it was the most fit and equitable tax that had been devised ; and that it was to be imposed upon those who 90 were well able , and , he had no doubt , willing to pay it . his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) having once abandoned the idea of the tax upon iron , had never changed his opinion on the subject . It appeared to him in many ways injurious to our manufactures . He remembered once , that a tax upon inland navigation was proposed , but given up as injurious to our manufactures . He considered that this would affect the iron railways in a similar manner . When the noble lord talked of the small expense of iron in his arable farm in Scotland , he supposed the horses on that farm went , as the men sometimes did in his country , without shoes . He could not believe that our prospect was such as had been stated , of increasing our exports to North America . That country was now in a high state of population , equal , as he understood , to England in that respect , and yet , notwithstanding this great population , the demand for our hardware from that quarter was not increasing . Of all manufactures this appeared to be the one which they would take up first . The Germans at present nearly equalled us , even in the finest hardware . If then the price of our goods Were still further increased by a duty , we should soon see our exports diminish considerably . Upon the whole , he earnestly recommended the noble lord to abandon this tax , and suggested to his consideration , as substitutes , taxes upon horses kept for pleasure , upon those employed in agriculture , upon male servants , and upon gentlemen 's carriages : these were sources from which , he thought , the noble lord might draw a more productive revenue than the tax before the house could promise , and at the same time avoid any kind of oppression or injury to commerce . observed , that having had the satisfaction to hear the opinions of different gentlemen , their arguments had certainly great weight upon his mind , but there was not a single argument which had been advanced in the course of that night 's debate which did not equally apply to almost every other tax that could possibly be brought forward . There was hardly one of the taxes that had been laid on for these twelve years past which he could say he thoroughly approved of . They were all laid on articles which most writers agreed in saying that they were not fit objects of taxation . But the fact was , that we were now placed in such circumstances that we were driven to 91 adopt modes of taxation which must , in some degree , affect the prosperity of one branch of our trade or commerce or another . With respect to the draw-back , which , it was said , could not be properly appreciated and apportioned in the manufacture , which contained other materials than iron , he did not see why a drawback ad valorem was not as practicable as a duty ad valorem , which had been long enforced . He was not partial to the excise laws himself , but they were exercised to the advantages of the revenue , and our necessities were now urgent . As to the substitutes that had been proposed for this tax , he had