20,000l. ? For his own part , he would cheerfully submit to a larger proportion of duty upon the class to which he belonged , provided it should be the means of exempting the lower classes . deprecated the conduct of those gentlemen who , just at the moment the bill was about to take its departure from the house , were so anxious to give it a death-blow . Such conduct was the more to be condemned , as it could not be supposed to operate against the adoption of the bill , and could serve only , as it were , to send out the measure to the world with a canister tied to its tail . contradicted the assertion , that his noble friend ( Petty ) had departed from the principles he had stated upon his first proposition of this bill , in any other instance than that in which he had acceded to some deductions , which were deemed necessary to satisfy the claims of justice and humanity . The right hon . gent . argued against the notion , that if the scale of taxation were agreed to , which some gentlemen recommended , namely , the removal of it altogether , from the poor , and the consequent advance upon the rich ; if that scale were adopted , he was satisfied that the burthen upon the richer classes Would be much greater , in proportion , than the relief to be afforded to the poorer . He would , indeed , ask the house , in answer to all that had been said , within and without , upon the subject , whether it was possible to devise a tax , which it would be practicable to collect , and which would be productive to the state , without being imposed upon the different classes of the community ? expressed his hope that , if a man who had a small interest from the funds , should , notwithstanding , be obliged to resort to parish relief , he should , not be still liable to this tax —The bill was read a third time and passed . The house having resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , to whom it was referred to consider of granting salaries to such persons as should be appointed commissioners to carry into execution any act of this session of parliament for the examination of the accounts of the expenditure of the public money in the West Indies , and to their secretaries , officers , and clerks , and of defraying the incidental expences attending the same ; upon the motion of Mr. Vansittart , it was agreed , `` That there be issued and paid , out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain , an annual salary , not exceeding 1500l . to the commissioner who shall be first named to carry into execution any act of this session for the examination of the accounts of the expenditure of the public money in the West Indies ; and to each of the other commissioners an annual salary not exceeding 1000l . ; and when any of the said commissioners shall be sent abroad , he shall be allowed such additional salary as the lords commissioners of the treasury shall think proper , not exceeding 500l . ; and that the said lords commissioners be authorised to allow , out of the said consolidated fund , such salaries to the secretaries , officers , and clerks , to the said commissioners , as they shall think proper ; and also reasonable sums of money for the incidental charges of the said commissioners . '' and other members , brought up from the commons the Property Duty bill , the Tortola Free-Port bill , the Irish Malt Duty bill , the Irish Revenue bill , and several private bills . These bills were all read a first time.—The Duke of Montrose observed , that the Tortola Free-Port bill involved questions of great importance to the commerce of the country . He therefore thought it necessary to move for some documents , which