might hesitate in adopting a system which was brought forward avowedly in opposition to the volunteer corps , which were at that time considered of so much importance , that the advantages of the training bill were to be given up , if such a number of volunteers could be procured as were now on foot well disciplined . At the time that the former bill was passed , two great measures were laid before the house , the army of reserve act , and the bill for calling out the supplementary militia ; and yet , at that time , although the dangers of the country were much greater than they were at present , when it was put to the deliberative judgment of the house , whether they would prefer a compulsory levy , similar to what was now proposed , or whether they would chuse the service of volunteers , the house almost unanimously concurred with those who were then his majesty 's ministers , that if a number of volunteers could be procured , equal to six times the number of the existing militia , the training bill should not be put into execution . Nothing then could be more clear , than that at a time of the greatest danger the volunteer system was decidedly preferred to the system of a general training , similar to that which was the object of the present bill . Not only was the volunteer system preferred , but there was a distinct assurance from his majesty , through the secretaries of state , which was most distinctly understood by the different districts throughout the kingdom , that the training bill would not be carried into execution in any county or district , that produce a number of volunteers equal to the proportion laid down of six times the existing militia . As in the comparative statement our security appeared to be much greater now than when those assurance were originally given , it appeared to him that they were a bar in good faith to the present measure . Even if the policy were undoubted , he must make some observa- 820 tions as to the necessity of the measure at the present time . He considered the present mode as less efficient than that which had formerly been proposed by his right hon . friend . If an additional force were wanted , it appeared to him much better that they should be trained according to the provisions of the levy-en-masse act , than according to the system which was to be introduced by the present bill . Those who were to have been trained by the former act were still to be liable to the exercise of the prerogative , and , in case of invasion , that prerogative would attach to them ; whereas , by the present system , the men who had been trained for a year would be disbanded at the end of the year , and could not be called upon to repel an invasion . There was another advantage in the former bill : the men were not only to be trained , but officered , whereas in the present bill , there appeared no provision or regulation for officering them . The training under the former bill was not to be limited to a certain number of days , but to continue until the persons could obtain a proper certificate of being fit to serve . The great objection , however , which occurred to him , was what this new-raised force were to be ? If they were to be an officered corps , then where were the officers to be found ? It would be absurd to suppose that country gentlemen would be forward to embark in that situation , and he feared that it might be necessary to ballot for the officers as well as for the men . It was impossible that any gentleman could voluntarily chuse the employment of officering for 24 days a number of men collected in this manner ; and as soon as these men had completed their year , another