meaning of the noble lord , but , I certainly did understand him to say , that the Americas well knew our colonial system to be a artificial and constrained system . It would be very gratifying , undoubtedly , to me to suppose , or rather to be satisfied , that a noble lord 's meaning , as conveyed , or be tended to be conveyed , by his words , did not give any degree or countenance to the provisions of this bill , as far as it has the effect of promoting that impression ; and should be glad the forms of debate cool afford to me the satisfaction of hearing the noble lord , at once disavow that sentiment . But that , I must be content to wait for , in its turn , according to the rules which , for general convenience , are made to govern our debates . If the noble lord did mean that or any thing like it then I say we must be content to surrender the whole of our navigation laws , am do a great deal more than this bill professes to do ; for , after this bill passes , the West India colonies are no more ours that they are the colonies of North America . I will venture to say , not one half so much , except that of the burthen of them ; all the profits of them will go to America . and the burthens and disadvantages of them will , alone , remain to us . For there are disadvantages , and very great disadvantages , in all cases to a mother country from her colonies , and those belong to ours in the West Indies . It is always a question of balance between the advantages and disadvantages of a colony , on which depends the policy whether you part from it or retain it ; for we are obliged to defend it in time of war , and we are under the necessity of affording a great and expensive force for that purpose ; nay , in some cases , we are obliged not only to carry on , but to commence war , on account of our colonies , and it is historically correct , that many of our wars have been on their account . Many of our wars , I say , are of that description , nor is this the only inconvenience We suffer on amend of our 1002 colonies ; for it has been a principle of our policy , to impose restraint on ourselves , for the purpose of giving our colonies an advantage in our markets over the produce of other countries ; and we have often been obliged , indeed , we are in the daily habit of obliging , our own people to pay dearer for the articles of our colonies than we can buy them for of other countries . Why ? because we have advantages from them which we can not claim from those countries who are not dependant upon us ; and the advantages , upon a view of all the circumstances , are greater than the disadvantages . But what does this bill do ? It proposes to give up all the trade , and all the benefit of the colonies , to America , and that we shall keep the expences and the burthen of them . I will ask his majesty 's ministers whether , after the passing of this bill , there will be any security that one ounce of colonial produce will ever again come into G. Britain ? Suppose the Americans , who , by this bill , are empowered to carry your colonial produce where they please , should choose to carry your colonial produce to all the markets of Europe ( for that , most undoubtedly , they may do , under the provisions of this bill , ) not one hogshead of the sugar of your colonies would come into this country . You may thus lose , at once , all the advantages , while you