attendance of other members . opposed the adjournment , and thought the speech of the hon . gent . most unparliamentary , when he proposed to take the sense of the committee to-morrow on a question which had been already decided . The noble lord then made some remarks on the propriety of taking the opinion of witness in the manner proposed , which mode of proceeding he deprecated . was decidedly of opinion that the hon . member had sufficient ground for moving the adjournment . The question of opinion had been fully debated on the examination of lord Teignmouth , the result of which was , that questions of opinion may be put to the witness at the bar . This having been the decision of last night , he was really surprised to hear the point revived in 24 hour afterwards , with a view of departing from what appeared to have been established as the practice for future proceedings in this case . concurred with the hon gent . that the departure from the practice of parliament sanctioned last night , was a sufficient ground for authorising the hon . member to move an adjournment . It was gravely and solemnly debated last night , whether questions of opinion should or should not be put to witness examined at the bar respecting this impeachment ? Although several members had spoken in the negative , yet , on the whole , the house had certainly acquiesced in the affirmative , without dividing , or coming to any specific resolution . On this ground , and from a regard to the consistency of the house , he certainly thought the motion for adjournment well founded . After some conversation , both sides of the house came to an understanding , that the question of opinion be put . In con- 778 sequence of which , sir Alured Clarke was called in , and finally examined . said , that in order to the defence of his noble relation against one of the principal charges of profusion and extravagance , it would be materially important to have the testimony of a gentleman , named Salmon , who had been the military auditor at Bengal , and who had formed the estimates upon which the sums in allusion were expended . He therefore called upon the hon . gent . who brought forward those charges , to move that Mr. Salmon be summoned to attend the committee . thought it every extraordinary , that the hon gentleman should dictate to him what witness he should bring forward in support of his charges , which he had no doubt of being able to substantiate . said , he hoped when the committee should decide upon this part of the case , it would be recollected that the hon . gent . summon a most competent witness . said , if the hon . member refused to comply with claim so fair , the house had the power , and he hoped would , for its own satisfaction , summon Mr.Salmon.—The chairman at length left the chair , and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow . Ordered , upon the motion of colonel Wood , that Mr. Salmon be summoned to attend the committee . moved the second reading of the Tortola Free Port bill . expressed his regret at the thin attendance of their lord-ships on a question which he conceived to be one of the greatest importance . He was at a loss to conceive the reasons upon which the measure was founded . The present board of trade had acted in this instance diametrically opposite to the decision of the board of trade of last year . He had hoped that upon this question the noble lord at the head of the treasury would have attended , but understanding that noble lord was prevented from attending by a slight indisposition , he must request his noble friend ( earl Spencer ) to act as umpire upon this question between the two boards of trade . The principle upon which the board of trade of last year had acted was