the country at large , at home , and her consequence and splendor abroad , equally required it . If their lordships proceeded in this charge , they would afford a solid assurance to the people of that country , that for private wrongs they had redress at law ; and for constitutional wrongs redress by the attention of that house to their application ; and would shew , that neither power nor talents , neither dignity nor reverence of situation , was sufficient to protect the possessor from the consequence of guilt and public abuse . said he should give a most decided negative to this motion . He knew , as well as any man , the importance of preserving the independence of the judges ; but there was something equally dangerous with a condition of dependence , and that was , that they should be placed above all law and all controul . He did not see how the enquiry could be dismissed , unless the evidence before the house were erased from the journals . The noble lord , who now sat on the woolsack , was well acquainted with the importance of the `` Trial by Jury , '' and had selected for his motto this 767 distinguishing character of British jurisprudence . What Would he say to the repeated violations of this mode of trial , which appeared on the evidence to have been practised by the learned judge whose conduct was the subject of enquiry ? The mode in which the examination had proceeded was not open to the objections stated by the noble lord who made the motion . It was perfectly regular , that the houses of lords and commons should jointly address the throne for the removal of an unjust judge ; and it would be in the greatest degree indecent , if such an address were not preceded by patient and deliberate inquiry . was extremely sorry , at that late hour , to solicit the attention of their lordships , but he could not avoid making a few observations . When this subject first came before their lordships , he was a member of the commons house of parliament . The learned judge , whose conduct was referred to , had applied to him to appear as counsel , but he had declined all interference , as he understood the object was to remove this high officer from his judicial functions , and that could not be done without the assent of time representative part of the legislature . From this circumstance , and the little expectation he entertained that this subject would so early be submitted to the determination of their lordships , he had not prepared himself by any previous examination of the evidence ; but holding the important situation he did , it would be absurd for him to say , that he could form no opinion on the matter now before their lordships , because the merits of it depended on the existing law , and not on the testimony collected for the purpose of this investigation . The noble and learned lord who spoke last had said , that there were indeed parts of the evidence which would attract the particular attention of him who had the honour of then addressing the house , and because he knew his sentiments , and saw upon the carriage which came to the door of their lordships , the motto to be borne with the armorial insignia of the Erskine family through all future generations—that motto was , `` Trial by Jury : '' although he ( the lord chancellor ) had been engaged in the hottest times in the defence of that cause , he did not , by the trial bu jury , mean to imply any thing distinct and separate from the judge who presided at those trials : it was the trial by judge and jury which attracted his respect and admiration , and he had learnt to di- 768 rect his veneration to it by an illustrious nobleman ( lord Camden ) whose sentiments to him were not matter of history