last guinea from his bureau for the defence of the country ! Surely , upon cool reflection , the hon . gen. ( Mr. Calcraft ) will withdraw his motion ! said , that nobody was more fond of enquiry than he was , and it was because an enquiry was actually going on , that he thought it proper to move the previous question . He advised the hon . gent . To give his papers to the commissioners , who might make a report upon them . Had he been in the house when the first question was put , he should certainly have moved the previous question upon it . said , he felt himself justified in supporting the previous question moved by his hon . friend , specifically on the grounds that the hon . gen. had not satisfied the house as to the nature of the papers for which he had moved . In supporting the previous question , however , he desired expressly to disclaim any wish of precluding enquiry , or any denial of the undoubted right of every member of that house to move for any papers he might think necessary . But the question of right was on thing , and the expediency of exercising that right in all cases quite another : there might be many rights unquestionable in the possession of many men , but there were many cases in which it might be wise and expedient to dispense with the exercise of them . The present he conceived to be one of those cases : but by opposing the hon . member 's wishes on this occasion , he by no means meant to preclude him from the fullest information he should feel it necessary to demand upon this subject at a future day , when those commissioners should have finished their enquiry which , under the authority they possessed of examining evidence upon oath , they were more competent to accomplish than any enquiry that could be carried on by that house . said , he thought it his duty to stand up in defence of a gent . Who , he was convinced , was desirous of doing good to the public , and show ought to be supported in his honest endeavours to do his duty , and was of opinion he had made out his case . asserted , that there would have been a saving of 100 per cent . on the transaction , if the letter he moved for . had , been attended to . Surely , sir , said the hon . gent. , this case is clear enough ! My , motion seems to cut upon both parties , the goers-out and the ' comers-in . The previous question is a thing that I hold cheap . Jo my motion four years ago respecting the 19l . 10s . business , when I wanted to see the bill-book , I was met with the previous question . The motion on the . 10th report was also attempted to be clone away by the previous question ; that famous report which has excited the .attention of all Europe , nay , I might say of all the world . My motion then did good , and this will also do good ; for ever since that time , government acceptances have been regularly paid.—He then moved , for a copy of proposals transmitted by the Barrack-master of the Sandown division to the secretary at war , on the part of Mr. , James Day , of Brading , for the building of a Barrack at Brading . thought it would have been much the better Way , if the hon . gent . had stated to the commissioners what had come to his knowledge about this business . agreed With the last speaker , and observed , that those commissioners had greater powers in this respect than the house itself , as they could examine upon oath . said , that as all the objects .could be obtained by the commissioners , he should move the previous question on this