reading of the bill for incorporating the Globe Insurance Company . put it to the gentlemen on the other side of the house , whether , as this bill was likely to give rise to some discussion , it would not be more desirable to put it off to some future day , to make way for the discussion of a more important measure , which was fixed for this day ; or if this bill was to go on , that there should be an understanding in the house , that the other discussion should not be brought on at a late hour . did not think the discussion of this measure could occupy much time . It was not for him to anticipate what might be the pleasure of the house with respect to calling in the counsel , but he had no difficulty in saying , that if the discussion should be protracted to any length , there would be no objection to put off the other discussion to a more convenient time.—On the question being put , that the bill be now read a second time , moved an amendment , that the bill be read a second time this day three months , in which he was supported by sir W. Curtis , Mr. Grenfell , and sir C. Price , on the ground that the bill would be an infringement upon the rights of the London and Royal Exchange Insurance Companies.—Mr . Aldm . Combe , lord H. Petty , Mr. Paull , and Mr. Alexander , supported the second reading , on the ground that a competition was favourable to the public ; that the trade and shipping of the country had been vastly increased since the charters had been granted to the companies alluded to ; and that other corporations were necessary to meet the accumulation of business , and that this company proposed to contribute 100,000l . to the public , and to invest a capital of 1,000,000l . in the public funds , and without requiring any exclusive privileges . Mr. Paull , too , stated , that above seven millions annually were insured in India for want of corporations in England for effecting insurance , more confidence being placed in companies , than in individual or private insurers.—Mr . Perceval , Mr. Shaw Le Fevre , and Mr. W. Smith , were of opinion that counsel should be heard on the bill , and the matter of the petitions against it , before the house should come to any decision . A division then took place , For the Amendment 20 ; Against it 74.—Majority 54.—On the motion that 813 counsel should be called in another division took place : for calling in counsel 39 ; against it 62 . The bill was of course read a second time , and ordered , to be committed . moved the order of the day for the further consideration of the report of the committee on the Training bill . was extremely anxious , before this question was further gone into , to come to an understanding on a point which was most material . It was very currently reported , that the only object of the right hon . secretary in the present bill , was to incorporate his own ideas with the act already in existence ; but when it should have passed , to have it , like that act , un-executed , unless some particular emergency should arise . If that were true , he should have little objection to allow the bill to proceed . It was certainly most material to the discussion , to be informed whether the bill , if passed as it now stood , was to be executed or not . said , this was the first time he had heard of any doubt that the measure was to be carried into execution . It was then ordered that the report be now taken into further consideration . It was then moved that the bill be recommitted . rose for the purpose of opposing the bill . He was willing to do