the hon . ex-chairman , always carefully blended the India aural China trade together , had vauntingly boasted of this immense export of woollens , and stated the heavy loss thereon as a sacrifice to the manufacturers of this country ; the former had asked , what would become of time 40,000 British hands now employed , were the Company to throw up that trade . In the first place , the Alderman observed , that no idea had ever been entertained by him , of invading the exclusive trade to China ; it was , if any national trade could be , the properest of all subjects for monopoly . In fact , no great quantity of woollens were , or ever would be , consumed in British India , none were exported thither , except for Sepoy 's cloathing , and the limited wear of Europeans . The argument therefore in this point of view fell to the ground . The fact was , that China was super-saturated with the Company 's woollens , and that this circumstance had kept down the price . A reference to the director 's own report on this branch of the trade , would set right the noble lord and his colleagues respecting the cause and extent of loss on this item.—But granting that British subjects did interfere , would that interference lessen the exportation if there were any demand ? would it not rather occasion a greater employ of the manufacturers of Devon , Yorkshire ? and Gloucestershire ? This thread-bare topic had long ceased to convince men of the policy of shutting out British subjects from India , and allowing neutrals to rival us in our own natural colonial trade ; to load their Ships under Our noses at every port of the united kingdom ; to range unmolested from pole to pole ; and even buy and sell at our Indian factories , on the same terms as the Company 's privileged captains and officers of the regular ships . Here the Alderman desired the committee to look at the total ex- 1213 port of the Company to India , for the 11 years past . He had moved for this important paper , separate front the China exports ; it was presented on the 5th June , and would be seen in page 94 of the Budget accounts . During the 11 last years the total export of merchandize in the first column , instead of the immense sum the last Speaker had asserted it to be , the committee would be surprised to find amounted , as he had correctly stated on a former night , to no more than 5,044,960l . little above 450,000l . per annum . ( In 1794–5 it was only 133,000l . ) The Company 's tonnage for their India trade was only 9,822 tons on 12 ships ; and , including that for private trade last year , was only 25 ships , or 17,08l tons . He compared this with the tonnage of Barbadoes , and that of a single Dutch colony , Surinam , which loaded home last year 16,493 tons . Was this , he repeated , the natural share of India trade , which the mother country was entitled to ? observe , he said , the striking contrast between imperial and individual energy ; by the document on the table it appeared , that in 1799–1800 the whole of the Company 's export to India was only 463,578l . and this exceeded the average of the 11 years to which he had before alluded . In the same year , by an authenticated paper , laid before Mr. Dundas and to be found in an able publication of a gentleman deceased ( Mr. Henchman ) it appeared , that 20 India built ships , wisely licenced by the noble lord ( Wellesley ) , an act fully justified by him in a dispatch to the directors , actually carried back merchandize from London to the amount of 615,247l . 12s . 6d . and expended here in repairs and dis bursments 202,877l . although two of