from these , the accounts of general De Lancey would be brought up by two persons specially appointed for the purpose . In addition to this , he had to state , that the expence of these commissioners was not meant to be permanent , nor , in fact , to continue longer than the exigencies of the occasion required ; and so soon as the dispatch of their respective tasks would admit , it was intended to reduce the number gradually to six , in which the members remaining of two boards would merge into the third , and aid them in expediting the completion of their enquiry . In case any member should die , government was not to have the privilege of a new appointment , without coming to parliament , and shewing that such appointment was necessary . Having now stated the measure which it Was the intention of his majesty 's government to adopt , with regards to the general accounts of the country , the noble lord proceeded to make some observations upon the state of expenditure in the West Indies , the further investigation of which was the object of the motion of which he had given notice as for that day . In that quarter of the empire , notwithstanding all the exertions which had been made by the two successive boards of commissioners already appointed to examine and check the progress of profusion and fraud , still the system had continued to be carried on by the delinquents , under every species of crime that could be subservient to their purpose . Forgery , perjury , bribery , and every stratagem which fraud could devise , had been resorted to ; and not content with false charges , false returns , and flagitious embezzlements , they had gone so far as to bribe the officers of his majesty 's customs to sign false certificates , fraudulent invoices , and other such documents , in aid of their purposes ; proofs of which had been detected , in one instance , to the amount of no less a sum than 80,000l. , and , in another , to the amount of 30,000l . actually applied in bribery , to conceal frauds of an enormous extent . Recurring again to the subject of the home commissioners , he said , it was also intended to oblige them to report annually their progress ; and to compel the auditors to pass every account referred to them within eighteen months ; 303 and , by every possible means , to render the audit of public accounts as prompt and efficient as possible . If the measure proposed should not be found amply sufficient for the purpose , then it would be felt the duty of his majesty 's ministers to come to parliament year after year , for further aid and advice , until the end should be completely attained . The noble lord concluded , by moving for `` leave to bring in a bill to provide for the more effectual examination of the expenditure of the public money in the West Indies , and for the better discovery of frauds and abuses therein . '' said , he did not mean to oppose the motion ; but he thought it necessary to offer a few observations , in elucidation of some particular points . When the business of the public accounts was so much accumulated in the American war , as to throw the audit greatly into arrear , commissioners were appointed to examine , and report what measures should be taken to expedite the examination . That commission was entrusted to men of great abilities , who exerted themselves with becoming diligence ; but it did not appear that any alteration in the mode of auditing the accounts was thought necessary , till the administration of his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , to whom the credit of that improvement was wholly due . As soon as the money was issued to the public accountants , it was from that time set down against them . There was