remove their prejudices or confirm their doubts . Such , sir , is the mode which appears to me to be the most eligible on this occasion ; and trust the house will have no hesitation in agreeing unanimously with the motion which I have this day submitted to them . Before concluding , I can not help taking notice of one other particular , which has been touched upon in the course of this discussion . It related to the remuneration which had been already granted by parliament to Dr. Jenner , to whom the world owes this invaluable discovery . As there will certainly be some ulterior proceedings upon this business , it will then become matter of future consideration , whether or not the reward , formerly conferred upon that learned gentleman , was sufficient , or inadequate , for those great services which he has rendered to mankind , and the great expence he has put himself to in bringing this subject clearly to light . If the report shall be favourable towards the successful practice of this discovery , as I have no doubt it will be , I shall think it my duty to contend on a future day , that the remuneration granted to Dr. Jenner is much more inadequate than it ought to be—On this point , however , there will be ample room for discussion , it being a case which touches the pecuniary concerns of the country , when it will be the duty of every member to state what occurs to him upon such a subject , so those who seem to imagine that the remuneration already conferred is sufficiently ample in every point of view , will have an opportu- 899 nity of further stating the grounds on which their arguments are founded.—The motion was then put from the chair , and agreed to nem . con . The royal assent was given by commission to the Additional Assessed Taxes bill , the Tortola Free Port bill , the Irish Spirit Licence bill , the Irish Mine bill , the Excise Regulation bill , the Stamp-office Regulation bill , the Gibrallar and Malta Postage bill , the Prussian Yarn bill , the Duke of Grafton 's Agreement bill , and the Temple Bar and Snow-lottery bill . The commissioners were the archbishop of Canterbury , the lord chancellor , and lord Walsingham.—The judges resumed the delivery of their opinions in the case of Lucina v. Crawford . All the judges having delivered their opinions , the lord chancellor moved to postpone the further consideration of the cause till Wednesday next . Ordered.—Lord Grenville presented two messages from his majesty , similar to those brought into the house of commons : one being the usual message previous to a vote of credit , and the other relating to continuing the annuity of 1,0001. per annum , granted to the late lord Rodney , to the present lord . His majesty 's messages were , on the motion of lord Grenville , ordered to be taken into consideration the next day . His majesty 's message of yesterday respecting a more effectual provision for the younger branches of the royal family , was then taken into consideration ; the order and message having been duly read , rose . He observed , that the communication front his majesty which their lordships had just heard , resolved itself into two heads , or might be considered in two points of view . The general object was the concurrence of their lordships in such measures as might be deemed necessary to enable his majesty to make a more effectual provision for the younger branches of the royal family ; and the present application arose , in some degree , out of an omission in the act of 1778 , under which part of the existing provisions for the younger branches of 900 the royal family was authorized . The particular circumstance , his lordship stated , which brought the omission into notice , was the loss which his majesty had suffered , in the lamented death of his royal brother , the