have spent the greater part of their lives in the service of the Company in that country , but I think it never can be taken as a general rule of conduct . If the governor-general should die in India , it must necessarily follow , that he should be succeeded in the government by the senior of the supreme council . This parson must of course exercise the office of governor-general until time should elaspe sufficient to transmit the news of such decease to this country , and until a successor should be actually appointed . It therefore appears , that on the death of a governor-general it happens of necessity that the senior of the supreme council will have that situation for a year . It will , however , be necessary , that the Company 's servants in India may know to what extent his majesty 's ministers think that confidence may be reposed in them . It would be right that they should know what situations they might aspire to , and what situations they should ever be debarred from . It should be told them at once , that the whole career that was open to them was this , that from writers they might get to be factors , and from that to be junior merchants , senior merchants , and collectors of the salt duties ; and arrive to all the lucrative situations of the country ; but that they must not , in any case , hope to attain to the honours of governor-general , which some , who passed their lives in the service of the Company , in the burning climate of India , might hope to aspire to . I myself , my lords , have often heard the private opinions of the directors of the East India Co. upon the subject of appointing unite but men of great family and high rank to the government of India . They have always thought that a person of this description , who was really distinguished for talents and the qualities desired , would be of all men the most proper , as he would arrive at India free from those partialities in favour of particular servants of the Company , which might interfere with the right administration of the country . It would , however , appear very strange in the ears of lord Teignmouth , sir Charles Oakley , and many other servants of the Company , who had held the highest situations India , to tell them , that , by the modern system , it was discovered that persons of their description ought not to have been placed in the highest situations ; and that , if they 955 had been in India in modern times , they could have no petentions to such distinction . This would be , indeed , strange music to their ears . Upon all these grounds I conceive I am warranted in stating that , prima facie , it is a most extraordinary thing that Ministers should have conceived themselves warranted in exercising the power of recall , which a clause in the act of parliament vested in his majesty . I should wish to learn from the noble secretary ( lord Grenville ) , whether the instrument , under the sign manual , for recalling sir G. Barlow , was ever sent to India ? I apprehend , that , from the repeal of the commission , there is now no existing government in India ; and I can not conceive in what manner the Court of Directors are to proceed to fill up the vacancies in the supreme council in India . If the instrument of recall has remained for two months in the pocket of the noble secretary , how are the Court of Directors to make out their warrant ? It must also be considered in what situation the temporary government that subsists in India is placed . Although the treaties may be concluded , the negociatious and the consequences of them may not vet be at an end . There were probably yet remaining many things