commented on the construction of the act by which the Company held their charter ; and said , that it clearly appeared from it , that when the Company were in straitened circumstances , the payment was only suspended , and they now were debtors to the public for 6 millions . The only excuse must be , their inability to pay ; and he hardly thought that this excuse would be resorted to , as it would amount to a confession , that they had been insolvent ever since the year 1793. rose and said : —Sir , the strictures which an hon . member opposite ( Mr. T. Jones ) has been pleased to address to me on the conduct of some of my colleagues for their absence from the house on this occasion , it is not difficult to answer . My colleagues , sir , have been occupied to day for 7 or 8 hours by very important public duties in another place . They know also that the statements before the house contain full and accurate information relative to the finances of the East India Company ; and they were aware that whatever further explanation might be required , no one is more able to give than my hon . friend , the late chairman , who would , in all probability , he present in his place at this discussion . For my own part , sir , I confess I came down to the house for the purpose of offering some observations on the speech of au hon . alderman ( Prinsep ) who the other evening entered so largely into the subject of the Company 's commerce , and with views so obvious respecting it ; and on part of the speech of the noble lord who so ably followed him , and I shall now endeavour to submit those observations to the house . With respect to the facts assumed by the worthy alderman , it is not necessary to dispute them . Without stopping to enquire into their validity , it may be sufficient to examine the structure he would build upon them in a fair comparison with that which he would overthrow . Such an examination , I am confident the hon . alderman can never have made , for , if he had , it would have enabled him to take a more enlarged view of the subject , and convinced him that the view he had before taken of it was narrow and fallacious . Hitherto the hon . alderman seems to have looked at the commerce of the East India Company through a peculiar sort of glass , which has possessed the property of hiding all its great and leading features , and all the benefits which it diffuses . The loss which he supposes the Company to sustain by their trade forms the grand foundation of his argument , to that point therefore I shall immediately direct my attention , by claiming of him what I am sure his candour will readily admit , namely , that the loss is principally , if not entirely , confined to the exports . I shall then remind the worthy alderman , and solicit the attention of the committee , to the momentous fact , that from the provision of those exports many thousands of the community derive their subsistence , and 1202 are enabled by it to contribute their proportion of the public burthens , instead of being themselves burthens on the state . To illustrate this , I will take that article of the Company 's exports on which the ascertained loss comprises a very great part of the guilt which the alderman charges to the whole of their commerce—I mean the article of woollens ; and to what is it owing that the Company sustain that loss ? Why , literally , sir , to their consulting the public interests in preference to their own—to their exporting annually woollens to the enormous amount of 1,300,000l . by which the Company sustain very great loss , but the public gain in a still greater proportion ;