, in case of his bringing forward the tax , to omit the excise clause altogether . Nothing that he had said , could warrant the misrepresentations that had been made at public meetings on this subject . No man was more averse than himself , nor had it ever entered into his head to carry the system of excise into private families . His object had been merely to give an option to families so circumstanced as to make such option desirable : he had , however , on finding that considerable difficulties were felt with respect to the introduction to the excise at all , determined to omit that part of the proposed arrangement . The principle on which the tax rested , was to make all descriptions of the consumers of beer contribute to the tax . had objected to the introduction of the excise in the first instance , and had felt much of his objections obviated by the giving up that part of the measure . He agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Coke ) in the wish not to be obliged to oppose the measures of his majesty 's ministers ; but he could not go the length with him in saying , that they were the only set of men that could save the country . He had been above thirty years in parliament ; during which period , he had voted sometimes on one side and sometimes on the other . He could not place in the present ministers the same implicit confidence with his hon . friend ; and , from the experience of the last twelve years , he was sure , that some individuals amongst them were not intitled to that confidence . thought the option of being excised or not , was no relief or accommodation whatever to the private man ; for , if he did not accept the option , he must be liable to all the same penalties as the common brewer . With regard to the proposed addition of 10 per cent . on the Assessed Taxes , it deserved to be considered , whether the increase might not be pushed so far , as to counteract the very purpose in view , and to diminish , instead of increasing , their general produce . At the 526 same time , this substitute met with his comparative approbation . was of opinion , that the tax in question was a good one , as putting the private brewer only on a footing of equality with the other consumers of beer . All that part of the measure which related to the excise , was intended to be dropped ; but he must say , that it only meant that every person should have his option ; and that if , on the principle , volenti non fit injuria , any man should choose to submit to all the inconveniences of the excise , instead of paying on the scale of the assessed taxes , he might be at liberty to enjoy his option . This was all that was intended by the word `` accommodation '' which had been used , and on which the right hon . gent . who spoke last , had dwelt . But , on the whole , whatever might be his opinion with regard to the tax , he was glad that it was postponed for the present . In the difficulties in which the country was placed , we could only make choice of the least of two evils , and it became necessary for the house to consider , principally , what tax might be the least objectionable . With regard to the addition to the assessed taxes , there was reason to believe that it would be productive in some degree . It would be found impossible to avoid pressing , either more immediately , or more remotely , on the poorer classes of society . Even the assessed taxes must have this effect to a certain extent . observed , that had the tax been persisted in , he should have congratulated