made general . it would lead to that delusion , which he was desirous of avoiding . As to the diminution it would occasion , that would be made up by the surplus upon other taxes , and the consolidated fund would be secured by giving it a credit in the war taxes . still objected to the diverting of any part or the permanent taxes , for the purpose of relief from the pressure of the temporary taxes . He concluded by moving a clause , by which it was provided that a sum equal to the amount of the exemption should be paid into the consolidated fund out of the property tax—Lord H. Petty agreed to this amendment , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time the next day . and addressed the house as follows : —I rise , sir , in pursuance of the notice I gave to the house a few days to call your attention to a subjects eneral importance . It is indeed a subject which is totally unconnected with all party principles . It however , concerns the welfare , health , and existence of a large portion of his majesty 's subjects , and , therefore , is well deserving of the consideration and support of parliament . I mean , sir , that very remarkable discovery , and the practice which has followed it , of inoculation of the cow-pox , commonly called Vaccine Inoculation , as a substitute for the loathsome small pox , an evil which has spread a dreadful desolation throughout the whole world . In submitting this subject to your notice , I shall not enter minutely into an investigation , or inquiry , as to the gradual progress which the practice of this inoculation has made among the several nations of Europe . I shall briefly mention it to be the discovery of an eminent and most celebrated physician , who for 30 years has devoted his whole mind and attention to promote its salutary effects amongst mankind . The knowledge of this important subject first commenced in the year 1777 : so early did it strike Dr. Jenner , a name which has become well known amongst all the nations in Europe , 880 and indeed throughout the whole world . That gentleman , by devoting the whole of his time , attention , and labours , to this subject , has , by a slow and gradual progress , brought the practice of his valuable discovery into very great , reputation . It was , however , in the year 1796 , when he first thought of extending its benefits by inoculation . To that illustrious character , therefore , we are entitled to ascribe our being likely to get rid of the small pox , one of the most dangerous calamities that mankind has ever been afflicted with.—In the year 1798 , Dr. Jenner having ascertained its advantages by sufficient experiments , it was extended , and soon after submitted to the consideration of this house , and under its sanction , and chiefly owing to its patronage , it was established throughout England . In the year 1799 , this discovery gained its way ever the whole continent of America , and even amongst the Indians , it has been practised with a degree of success fully answering the most sanguine expectations of him who at first suggested it . In 1800 it was adopted upon the continent ; and , under the auspices of our commander in chief , it extended to the shores of the Mediterranean . Afterwards from its favourable reception in the kingdom of Naples , and most of the Italian states , it gradually made its progress northwards . In Russia , Prussia , and Denmark it was eagerly embraced ; but I could wish to call the attention of the house in a particular manner to the success which it has met with in the dominions of the House of Austria . In the year preceding its introduction into Vienna , the average amount of deaths , occasioned by the small