amended , it in no degree 626 whatever partook of the objectionable quality which would attach to so comprehensive an act as that which he had last alluded to . For , he said , he would undertake to demonstrate , by a short examination of the clause as now amended , that so far from its conferring too great powers on the crown , it absolutely conferred none at all . One had heard , he said , of persons who were famous for doing magno conatu nihil ; of making great exertions , and those exertions ending in nothing—and the house had then before it an illustrious instance of it . The right hon . gent . had here called all the powers of legislation into action , and had gone through all its forms , and at last ushered it forth as a work of as consummate skill as it was of elaborate labour ; it was , however , actually nothing , superbum et magnificentissimum nihil . But , he said , the right hon . gent . had observed , that though the noble lord had objected to this measure as not effecting any object which the noble lord approved , or as not effecting it in the manner which he thought right , yet the right hon . gent . observed it effected his own object , and that he had all along been pursuing his own ideas ; he added , he bad no doubt that it was so ; but that it certainly appeared from what he had already said , that the ideas of the right hon . gent . had led him a very long and a very varied chase . The first idea was to bring in a bill which should contain the detail of regulations , and this the right hon . gent . pursued till he got into the committee , and there he ran down that idea ; then a new idea started , namely , that of giving an uncontrouled power to the crown to regulate , as it might be advised ; and this idea he pursued through the first committee , and could not be diverted from the pursuit of it on the recommitment . But this idea shared the fate of the former upon the report , and there it was fairly ran down and brought to its end . The third idea that then started , was the idea which the right hon . gent . was then pursuing , namely , that of giving the power to the crown to order , and leaving it to parliament afterwards to say whether the order shall prevail . And if the right hon . gent . would persevere in pursuing this last idea , he was persuaded he could prove that it would lead his clause , his bill , his measure , and himself , into one common pit of inefficiency , where all would be lost together : and this , he said , he would undertake to prove by an examination of the clause . But before he did that , he said , he 627 could not forbear expressing his regret and disappointment at not finding in this bill , that clause which was in the rt . hon . gent . 's first bill , ( the repeal of the army of reserve act ) namely , the clause enacting parliament to amend , alter , or repeal the act during the present session . The right hon . gent . when he first engaged himself in the art of legislation , dared not trust his act a whole session , he wisely provided for the possibility of amendment in the course of it . But now use has made him skilful and bold ; and he ventures on a stronger wing to take a greater flight . He said he could not but think that the right hon . gent . over-rated his strength , and that he was too ventursome ; and indeed he had hoped , by the recollection of the first bill ,