that private fortunes might be safely deposited , while there was a public bank at Genoa , at Venice , and above all , at Amsterdam , still the security of our funds was preferred by foreigners to all other . To this country they remitted their savings , and here many of them left their capital , not merely to improve or to producer , but to be safe . Where can they carry it now ? Is there another kingdom or republic , or state of any kind left in Europe , to which a rational being would remove , or where he would deposit his fortune , if he had the choice ? But , besides the real permanent proprietors , a great quantity of stock is held by other foreigners , who do not fall within that description . I speak of speculators and jobbers , who watch and understand , and avail themselves of the fluctuations in our funds , with as much skill as the Jews in Change Alley . This trade goes on at Amsterdam just as it does in London ; or rather the parties correspond with , and understand one another at the expence of those whom it concerns . These are the people , into whose pockets you pay a great part of the produce of your sinking fund , for the pretended purpose of keeping up the price of the 3 per cents . All these foreign speculations are governed by the course of exchange between London and Amsterdam , by the state of our funds or by the proba- 399 bilities of peace and war . Their profits whatever they may be , are always at the expence of this country . At the close the American war , they sold out with clear gain of 20 per cent . on the capital they had vested during the war . And do you think that speculations of this extent , and with such great objects in view , will be affected by a tax on the income ? that dealers of this quality will be deterred from such lucrative dealings in capital by a tax of 10 per cent . on the interest ? Are these speculations carried on for the sake of 3 per cent . annuity , and will they be abandoned , because this interest is reduced from ; 60s . to 54s. ? To such persons , sir , the difference of the interest is no object , compared with the speculation in the capital . On the policy of the exemption , another material question arises . Who are the proprietors whom you intend to favour ? In a political sense , what is their claim to it , or , in other words , where do they spend their fortunes , and the very income , which they receive from the heavy taxes laid upon our own people ? My answer is , In France , in Flanders , or in Holland . The place makes no difference . All those countries , and many more , are in a direct subjection to Buonaparte . As far as the expenditure of this income goes , the taxes of England contribute to the support of the French government , and to assist Buonaparte with the means of an attempt , which , if it succeeded , would annihilate this species of property as well as all the rest . If an alien spends his income in England , you tax him . If he spends it in France , you grant him an exemption . I wish to hear , in some plain intelligible language , what the merit of such a person is , what his title is to so much favour , what rational claim he has to particular indulgence , from the circumstance of his contributing , as far as his expence and consumption go , to increase a hostile power already too formidable to this country . While he does so , you favour him . But if he were to change his residence , and spend his fortune