as heretofore in British Shipping , navigated according to law , of which there is and has been a large number unemployed since neutral vessels have been permitted to enter the ports of the British West India settlements . 8thly , Because , if the Ships of the American States are permitted to enter the ports of the British West Indies , they will at the same time introduce , as they do at present , all East India and European goods , to the detriment of the British East India Company , and to the shipping , the manufactures , and commerce of the United Kingdom and its dependencies . Lastly , Because the Petitioners against this bill , who prayed that they might be allowed to state how they shall be aggrieved thereby , have been refused to be heard , notwithstanding the strong allegations stated in their petitions which they offered to prove by the most respectable evidence at the Bar of the House . brought up a Report from the Committee to examine into the Returns of the Bishops under the Clergy Residence act , and mentioned that it was his intention to proceed in the same manner every year in order to ascertain how far the Act had been efficient.—A message from the lords announced their intention of proceeding in the trial of lord Melville to-morrow , and their having passed a bill to permit the King in Council to allow certain goods to be exported from and imported into the West India Colonies in neutral vessels during the war , to which they desired the concurrence of the house—Mr . Hurst presented Petitions from the Lawyers , Solicitors , and Attorneys practising in the Marshelsea Court , against the Small Debt Court Act . Ordered to lie on the Table . Mr. Owen presented Accounts from the East India Company , pursuant to an order 118 of the House of the 27th February last . Ordered to lie on the table.—Lord Morpeth moved , that the accounts , stating the amount of the bonds , deeds , and other debts of the East-India Company , in the several presidencies , with the rate of interest , and its annual amount , presented on the 13th of April , 1805 , should be printed . Ordered.—Sir Philip Stephens presented an account of the Iron and Iron Wares furnished for the Navy , by contract , during the last five years . Ordered to lie on the table.—The Turnpike Amendment bill was read a first and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—Mr . Robson gave notice , that , on Friday next , he would move for certain papers respecting the Barrack Department.—The Irish Annuity bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The Irish Loan bill , and the Treasury Bills bill , were committed , —Mr . Parnell gave notice , that to-morrow he would move for an account of the number of Irish and English bank-notes now in circulation.—On the motion of the Secretary at War , the Mutiny bill was read a second time . Ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Mr . Owen ( from the Directors of the East India Company ) attended at the door ; he was called in ; and at the bar presented to the house , pursuant to their orders ; `` An account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company , in the Provinces of Bengal , Bahar , and Orrisa , and from Benares and Oude , under the heads of mint or coinage duties , Post Office Collections , Benares Revenue , Oude subsidy and revenue , land revenues , judicial fees , & c. customs , the receipts from the sales of salt and opium , and stamp duties , for the three years 1801–2 , 1802–3 , and 1803–4 ; together with the estimate of the same , for the year 1804–5 , and an account of the annual charges defrayed by the East India Company , in the provinces of Bengal , Bahar , and Orissa , and in Benares and Oude ,