. stated his satisfaction at this proposed regulation . rose with peculiar satisfaction on the present occasion ; as he was convinced it would be sufficient merely to state the measure , of which he had given notice , to ensure the full concurrence of the house . This measure , in which he was supported by the authority of his majesty 's ministers , went to lay open the intercourse in grain between Great Britain and Ireland ; and , he trusted , it would be merely a prelude to that free interchange of every other commodity between the two countries , which was so much to be desired . With regard to grain , an article of the first necessity , there could be no doubt that one part of the united kingdom should assist another whenever occasion demanded it ; and the only way of preventing an undue rise in the price of the commodity in any part of the country was , to remove every limit and obstruction in the way of its interchange . The measure , which he should propose , would place all the ports of the united kingdom exactly on the same footing , with regard to importation or exportation , as the different ports of Great Britain were at present , with regard to one another . It was earnestly to be wished , that the union between the two countries should become 515 every day more close ; and that the channel which divided them should no longer be considered as a barrier , but as a bond of union , and the medium of mutual and beneficial intercourse.—He then moved for leave to bring in a bill , for making the Intercourse in Grain , between Great Britain and Ireland , free and unrestrained . having appeared at the bar , with the report of the committee on the Mutiny bill , on the question that it be brought up , rose , not for the purpose of discussing this subject at present ; but to give notice , that , on the 3d reading , if no member anticipated him , it was his intention to move an amendment , that no men should be discharged in time of war . As he was on his legs , he would observe , that , 3 months ago , the right hon . secretary for the war department had received the orders of the house , to bring in a bill for the discontinuance of the Ballot , and for the better Defence of the Realm . As this was a late period of the session , he wished to ask the right hon . gent . whether or not it was his intention to bring forward this bill ? expressed his intention of bringing this bill in on Thursday . In answer to some observations from sir W. Elford , relative to the Ballot for Militia , the right hon . secretary said , that it was not his intention to propose the abolishment of the ballot ; but that when regiments had been reduced to the proposed establishment , vacancies occurring in them should not , for the present , be filled up by ballot , but by recruiting . gave notice , that on the 3d reading he should propose an amendment for confining the limited service to the 2d battalions.—The report was then brought up and agreed to . The Irish Customs bill , the Irish Revenue Regulation bill , and the Irish Malt bill , were read a 3d time and passed , and a message sent to the commons to acquaint them therewith.—The Property Duty bill , and the Irish Additional Force Repeal bill , were read a 2d time.—The duke of Montrose moved for some accounts respecting the Commerce of Dominica , with reference to the Tortola Free-Port bill , which were ordered.—Earl Spencer adverted to the order which stood for the next day , with reference to the motion 516 which his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) had given notice of his intention to bring forward , relative to the