colonies even for the gradual abolition of slavery . They had declared , that whatever steps might be taken for ameliorating the condition of slaves , these were in no degree to be considered as adopted with a view to the abolition of slavery , the perpepetual enforcement of which they regarded as their birth-right , of which they should never .be deprived . Even this language was more agreeable to him than the professions of others , who , while they pretended to wish for the abolition of slavery , yet effectually impeded it by every means in their power . It had been said that there must 595 be something impracticable in the measure , since from the year 1792 , when it had received the sanction of parliament , nothing effectual had been done for its accomplishment . Parliament had at that period been actuated by an ardent feeling which had been almost universal in the country . But it was to be regretted , that the feelings of benevolence were too apt to be evanescent , while interest was a cool and calculating principle ; and the feelings of interest had gradually overpowered the dictates of philanthropy and the compunctions of humanity . He should have preferred the immediate introduction of a bill for the Abolition of the Slave trade ; but he had submitted to the judgment of those who thought that at the present advanced period of the session there was little probability of its receiving the concurrence of parliament . The former bill which had passed this house , had not been negativated by the lords , but had been merely rejected on the ground of their not having sufficient time for its full discussion . But the present resolution would hold out the hope , that the house was now more desirous to fulfil that pledge which they had long ago held out to the country , and therefore it met with his cordial approbation and concurrence , On the whole , he conjured the house to recollect that Providence had never connected the happiness and prosperity of any country with injustice ; and that whatever apparent prosperity the slave trade might produce , it would ultimately be found rotten to the core . There would be no need of bounties for the encouragement of negro population , as had been proposed by a noble lord , if the domestic comforts of the slave were properly attended to ; and the only way of producing this effect would be the total abolition of the slave trade , which would force the planter , from a sense of interest , to improve the situation of the negro . But as long as the slave market could be resorted to , so long would the system of breeding be neglected.—As to the plan , he could have wished a Bill to have been immediately brought in for the Abolition ; but his right hon . friend had most forcibly shewn , that could not be done , at so late a period of the session ; as there would not be time for the Lords to consider the bill with that mature deliberation which the subject required . His noble friend was , however , mistaken , when he said the Bill of last year was negatived by the Lord—it was only laid aside , 596 because there was not time for a full consideration of it . He hoped , therefore , the present resolution would pass , to shew that the houses were determined to take up the question early in the next session , and evince to the world that they will , as speedily as possible , abolish a traffic which they have so repeatedly declared to be abominable in its principle , its nature , and its consequences . thought this resolution might tend to raise hopes and expectations which might have a very mischievous tendency . He would rather wish the subject had been taken up by a bill ; in which case , all the merits of the question might have been discussed in that house ,