was placed in a very disagreeable situation , and that it must be the wish of every person to escape from the labour and burthen of this enquiry , if it could be done with justice and propriety ; not so much with a view to personal inconvenience , though that was something , as on account of the difficulties to which parliament would be reduced , in managing the public business of the nation . Now , with that wish strongly impressed on his mind , he certainly assented to a great part of what the hon . gent . had said . He having recognised the right which the house of commons had to proceed by the way of impeachment ; and not only this , but having also recognised the inquisitorial power of the house as the vital principle by which the members had acquired the power to sit there , and to watch over the liberties , rights and privileges of their constituents : having done all this , and indeed it was impossible for one so well versed in history and the principles of the constitution to do otherwise , he ( Mr. Fox ) certainly went with him a great way , and even agreed with him in many of the practical observations which he had made . He admitted the importance of the inquisitorial powers of that house , but he was at the same time convinced that it was one of those powers which were best exercised when they were rarely exercised . As to the position of the honourable gentleman , that it was a power which ought not to be exercised , except in cases of absolute necessity , he certainly could not go with him that far ; taking necessity in the strict signification of the term , he admitted , however , that it ought not to be exercised , except in cases where honour rendered it necessary—that is , where no other mode of proceeding could be consistent with the the honour of the crown , of the parliament and the nation . He confessed that at first so much did he wish to accede to the proposi- 744 tion of the honourable gentleman , influenced by the difficulties of parliament , and the arguments which the hon . gent . had advanced , that he had been considering how far it was possible to support him . But there was one part of his argument in which the hon . gent . had very materially failed , and that was where he spoke of the point of time . With respect to the time at which this proposition was made , he would go half way between the hon . gent . and the learned gent . near him ( the Master of the Rolls ) The latter had observed , that when you allowed voluminous papers to be laid on the table , and entertained the matter thus far , it was necessary that you should proceed farther . He could not go with him thus far ; for if in these papers nothing should be found which could form any ground of proceeding , then you might undoubtedly stop and say , that you would not advance any father ; or if you saw good cause to go on , then you had still to consider whether another mode than impeachment , less burthen some to the members of this house , more consistent with the proper management of the public business , and equally consistent with the interests of justice , and the honour of the crown , the parliament , and the nation , might not be adopted . He could not therefore agree , that the act of allowing these papers to be laid on the table , did in itself render it absolutely necessary to proceed farther . But then the hon . gent . on the other side said , and this was the earliest and most proper time at which he could come with his proposition—he was compelled to differ with him . He could not be allowed