late duke of Gloucester ; which made it necessary to inquire how far the provisions were continued with respect to the present duke . It was found that under the former act , the provision was only of a contingent nature , consequently no transfer could be made at the time , of the charge in question , to the consolidated fund . On this head there could not exist a doubt of their lordships cordial concurrence in the necessary steps , to enable his majesty to rectify the omission , and to carry into effect what was intended on that head . With respect to the second part of the message , relative to the proposed increase of the allowances to the younger branches of his majesty 's family , he also conceived there could be no doubt as to its propriety . It was certainly necessary , in our present circumstances , that every one should make great sacrifices to maintain the dignity , preserve the honour , and secure the interests of the country , and to uphold the monarchy and the constitution . To these sacrifices every one convinced of their necessity cheerfully contributed . To keep up the splendour of the throne and support the dignity of the illustrious branches of his majesty 's royal house , was a part of the constitution , and an object to which every one who venerated that constitution , would readily contribute . There must be , he was certain , a full conviction , as the fact was , that his majesty would not have made this appeal to his parliament had there not been a real necessity for making that increase at which his majesty 's message pointed . No increase had taken place in the provision made for the younger branches of the royal family since the year 1778 , a period of nearly 30 years ; and when it was considered how much circumstances had altered in the course of that period , and how greatly the price of every article necessary to the establishment of a household had increased , when it was considered also , that the illustrious persons for whom an increased allowance was now asked , were , from their age , and period of life , compelled to an increase of expenditure , 901 he was convinced their lordships would feel no sort of surprise at such an application being now made , but be surprised at its not having been made before ; that their lordships would shew , not only no reluctance , but an anxious desire , not only out of their personal affection for his majesty , and his royal family , but on the broad constitutional grounds he had stated , cheerfully to concur in the measures to be proposed for enabling his majesty to act as desired . As to any detailed consideration of the steps to be adopted , it would regularly come before their lordships when the bill to be brought in for the purpose should come up from the other house of parliament . In the mean time , he was confident of their lordships cordial assent to the address he should now have the honour to propose . His lordship then moved an address to his majesty on the occasion of his message , assuring his majesty that their lordships were desirous of availing themselves of every opportunity of spewing their attachment to his royal person and family , and that they would cheerfully concur in the objects of his majesty 's most gracious message . On the question being put , the address was voted nem . dis . took occasion to make a few remarks on the above subject . He expressed his happiness at what had taken place with respect to it in the other house of parliament , which he trusted would tend finally to do away ( and to which effect he was ambitious of contributing his mite ) those ill-founded impressions , which obtained against that useful and salutary practice , originating in certain scurrilous pamphlets , and the assertions of interested individuals