part of the bill which he also much approved ; that which provided for the appointment of proper officers . It would destroy all the ends for which this force was to be called together , if it were to be left in a state of insubordination and confusion . As to the expence , considering the security which would be derived from the possession of such a force , he thought that a subject of very inferior regard . He could , indeed , have wished , that the men might be trained , as it took place in certain parts of the continent , free of expence ; but as that was not possible , he thought the advantages more than counterbalanced the expenditure . said , that if the bill before the committee was meant to be acted upon , he would not hesitate to pronounce it one of the most obnoxious and oppressive measures that had ever received the sanction of that house . The plan was nothing less than to call out every fourth man in the kingdom capable of bearing arms . According to the old military lists , the persons of that description amounted to 840,000 . This was three years ago . The militia service took off 40,000 of them . The volunteers took off about 240,000 more ; so that they had to raise 200,000 men out of the residue , not amounting to more than 600,000 . Where , he would ask , was the necessity for this most obnoxious measure ? Were there not volunteers more than he meant to call out by this bill ? The people of England would be led , but they would not be driven , and this was driving them with a vengeance . The expence was not the least of his objections to the bill . The shilling a day would , for the 24 days training , amount to 240,000l . other expences also would be necessary ; depots must be constructed , powder and shot purchased , arms provided , officers paid . The etceteras , he was convinced would amount to as much more . This measure professed only to apply to England . What was to be done for Scotland and Ireland ? Was the former in such a state of security , that the right hon . secretary did not chuse to meddle with it , and was the latter in that state that he was afraid to meddle with it ? He also objected to the bill , because the men who were to be called out under it were not to be under the command of the gentlemen of landed property , their neighbours , and the persons to whom they naturally looked up . As to the popularity of the measure , he could not suppose that a bill which gave 816 government the power to draft and send men to all parts of the kingdom , could have much pretensions in that respect . Did the right hon . secretary expect that it would be easily carried into execution—that there would be no grumbling ? The bill , from the perusal he had given it , appeared to him to contain every thing which the right hon . gent . condemned when he sat at a different side of the house from where he was now placed . It contained the reprobated principals of ballot , fine , and substitution . What would be the effect of that clause which went to excuse parishes from the operation of the bill : which turned out a certain number of volunteers ; but to encourage such parishes to procure volunteers at any expence ? The persons , too , who volunteered , would require excessive pay ; seven and six-pence , or perhaps more everyday ; and thus the right hon . gent . would sanction that principle which he had so often condemned . With respect to officers , he would defy any man , from reading the bill , to determine whether it was to be the serjeant or the constable . But