other groud did he object to this alteration ; because , as taxes to a large amount must indispensably be raised , his only wish was , that they should fall as equally as possible upon all classes in proportion to their means ; but his grand objection was to the unjust principle of taxing all incomes alike , whether for a short and temporary , or a stable and permanent period . He was only amazed , that such a principle was ever submitted to . thought the tax unjust . On a former night it had been said , that it should operate as a land tax , under which no exemptions were to be allowed . The policy of this principle had been formerly confuted , having been acted upon and relinquished . The hon . baronet particularly called the attention of the house to the situation of country gentlemen of about 1000l . a year , who would feel the tax beyond all others , and would be driven by its pressure from their country seats into towns , where they could not be useful in the eminent way which the antiquity of their families , and their capacity as magistrates , rendered them in their parishes ; where , by their presence and long residence , they gave to the law a weight which it would not otherwise carry . No man at any time more warmly supported the war , or saw more clearly the necessity of vigorous prosecution now , than the hon . baronet ; he wished to give all the support in his power to the ministers , and said thus much now only with a view of intimating , that he had some objections to offer to the tax in a future stage . objected to the partial operation of the bill on the landed property of the country : he did not mean to say that the landed interest were not able to support the tax , and much more that they would not pay it if the wisdom of parliament should deem it right to inflict it ; but it was extremely desirable that property should be equally assessed . The small landed proprietors with large families would feel the act with particular severity , as there were no abatements allowed for children . The great variety of expenses incidental to the support and education of large families , would , he hoped , point these proprietors out to the house as fit 53 objects to have abatements extended to.— He supposed the case of a gentleman mortgaging an estate of 1300l . a year rental , which every man knew never produced a net income of above 1000l . In such a case , the mortgagee would never allow more than the two shillings in the pound deduction upon the actual income , while the charge upon a supposition-surplus and all expenses of repairs must fall upon the proprietor . deprecated all delay , and earnestly recommended to the house to go into the committee , which was the most proper stage in which to discuss the objections now made to the several parts of the bill by different gentlemen . He professed himself a warm friend and supporter of the bill and its principle , because he was convinced that the taxes it was designed to raise , would fall more equally , fairly , and justly , uponevery class of the community , than any other mode of taxation that could possibly be devised ; and firmly persuaded he was , that if it were practicable to raise a similar sum by taxes upon articles of consumption , upon the necessaries of life , even the poor man of small income , with a large family , would pay a much larger proportion of the tax in that way , than he could possibly be called on to do , under this bill . The hon . gent . who first objected to parts of this bill , ( Mr. Smith ) , had admitted the necessity in which his majesty 's ministers were placed