family of the hero , whose high merits we meant to commemorate and reward , by any means too affluent for the situation which they were to hold in society . It was , in fact , no more than what he thought they were entitled to from the country ; and , as an incitement to heroic actions in future , he suggested that the building to be erected for the Nelson family , should be placed in such a situation as to be conspicuous to our seamen on their approach to England , or on their setting sail , perhaps , in quest of an enemy . When they beheld such a testimony of the gratitude of the country , it could not fail to inspire them with an ardent desire to imitate his glorious example . agreed in the suggestion of the right hon . gent . The idea had occurred to himself , and the trustees , in whom the money was to be vested , would , he was sure , pay every attention to it.—The Resolutions were then agreed to , and the Report was ordered to be received to-morrow . The house proceeded , as usual , to Westminster-hall , and returned about tour , when an order was made to proceed further on the Trial of lord viscount Melville the next day , and a message was sent to the commons to acquaint them therewith . Earl Spencer , in the absence of his noble friend lord Grenville , moved the order of the day for taking his majesty 's message into consideration , relative to a provision for the family 146 of lord Nelson . He was confident that every noble lord who heard him would cheerfully concur in any measure that went to confer adequate rewards for services so important and beneficial to the country as those ' rendered by the signal exploits of the late gallant and ever-to-be-lamented hero , lord viscount Nelson . His lordship then moved an address to his majesty , thanking him for his gracious message , and assuring his Majesty that the house would readily concur in promoting the object of the same.—The address was agreed to , nem . diss . the order of the day for their lordships going into a committee of the whole house on this bill . On the order being read , rose and said , that , consistently with his own conviction of the mischievous consequences of such acts , he could not suffer the present bill to go into a committee , without suggesting some observations by the way of objection to the measure . It was with reluctance that he opposed any measure , apparently founded on principles of humanity ; but , in considering the general interests of society , and particularly in this commercial country , and viewing impartially the claims of creditor as well as debtor , a sense of duty operated , in this instance , in a superior degree upon his mind . It was incredible how injurious the frequent repetition of Insolvent acts was to the course of fair trade . The professed principle upon which the bill , in the first instance , proceeded , was highly objectionable , namely , that the gaols were overloaded with prisoners . It was his opinion , that persons threw themselves into prison in order to take the benefit of an insolvent act ; and , therefore , that such an act , in relieving such a description of persons , produced great injustice . With a view of accurately ascertaining this , he had , some time since , moved for an account of such persons as had been committed to prison previous to and since the first day of Michaelmas term last . From the returns which had been made , in pursuance of his motion , and , which were now lying upon their lordships ' table , it appeared ; that , out of 204 persons confined in Newgate , 127 had been committed since the first day of Michaelmas term : in the prison of Ludgate