this means he avoided all the inconveniencies which would attend the granting of such exemptions under the property-tax ; and when he resisted the exemptions in that form , he had something like the present plan in contemplation . He concluded by moving , that towards raising the supplies granted to his majesty , there be an allowance on every assessment made or to be made , by virtue of an act of the 43d of the king , after the 5th of April 1806 , of an aditional rate of 10 per cent . on the amount of such assessment . expressed some doubts as to the produce of the tax . He rather apprehended that it would not turn out so productive as might be at first expected . There was a difference between the sum that might be calculated on the assessment and the sum that might be received in the exchequer . It ought to be recollected that the property-tax had been raised from 61/2 to 10 per cent . and the effect of this certainly would be to induce people to reduce their establishments , so as to be liable to a snider portion of the assessed taxes . having before expressed his opinion that no new taxes were necessary for the service of the present year , and having pointed out a mode ( taxing foreign property in the funds ) , by which a large sum might be procured , it could not be supposed that he could be very well disposed to any tax whatever . However he had no particular objection to this mode beyond what he would have to any other . observed , that the principle of exemption of foreign property in the funds from the property-tax , applied to the parish taxes . He was proceeding to complain of the hardships under which small annuities laboured , when he was stopped by the chairman , who stated , that the only question at present was with regard to the assessed taxes . contended that the hon , gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) was incorrect in his statement as to the effects which the raising of the property-tax would have on the produce of the tax now proposed . The fact was that every one must give an account of his establishment as it was the preceding year , and therefore could not avoid this tax for the present . said , he did not rise for the purpose of opposing the tax , or of imputing any blame to the noble lord for bringing it forward , as he had no doubt he was obliged to do so from the peculiar situation in which he found the country when he came into office . The pressure on the people was now become so very great , that taxation , he was afraid , had arrived at almost its neplus ultra . He wished , therefore , the noble lord would turn his mind towards such part of the public property , as it was called , as might be touched ; for instance , the waste lands , in order to obviate the necessity of raising new taxes another year . said , he hoped he should be able to make the waste lands come in aid of taxes the next year.—The resolution was then read and agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . moved the third reading of the Election Treating bill . objected to it , on the ground , that it was not an act to explain and amend the act of king William , but purported to be a declaratory bill , and really was not so ; for it declared it to be lawful to give money to a third person to pay the voter for loss of time , though not for carriages ; whereas , the act of king William did not allow any money at all to be given . He thought the bill was altogether unnecessary , and would , therefore , move as an amendment , that it be Lead a third