consideration the expediency of restoring to Scindeah the territory of Gohud and the fort of Gwalior . I was of opinion , that Gohud and Gwalior ought to be restored to that chief ; and I believe that the instructions to the resident with Scindeah upon this subject have been laid before this house . The reason for which the cession was not made until the conclusion of the late treaty by sir G. Barlow , is referable to the state of Scindeah 's councils from the middle of the year 1804 , until a late period in 1805 . The cession was a matter of favour from the British government to Scindeah , and was to be so considered . The committee will observe , that it is so considered by sir G. Barlow . But Scindeah 's councils were so badly composed , and their conduct was so suspicious , from the period before mentioned , that no concession could be made to Scindeah , without incurring the risk of having it attributed to motives , which never ought to influence the conduct of the British government in India . For this reason the cession was not made by lord Wellesley . The hon . gent . seems to think the fortress of Gwalior important , as a defence of the company 's territories in that quarter . The fortress of Gwalior would defend and cover nothing , excepting itself : the company 's territories are not to be defeaded by fortresses , but by armies in the field . Fortresses are useful as points of support , and as magazines to these armies ; and in this point of view Gwalior would be useful , if the object of the company was , or was likely to be , the invasion of Scindeah 's territories in Malwah . But it is of no use with a view to the defence of the company 's territories , unless garrisoned by a large body of troops , which body of troops would be more profitably employed in the field.—Upon the whole , the committee will observe , that I consider sir G. Barlow 's treaty with Scindeah to have been consistent with the spirit of that which I was the instrument of concluding at the close of the year 1803 ; and that the late gov.-gen. lord Wellesley , intended to have carried into execution that part of its stipulation which refers to Gwalior and Gohud.—Upon a former night I explained to the house , that I did not consider it to be a treaty of peace , as , in point of fact , we had never been at war with Scindeah since 1062 1803 . It is a treaty to amend and explain some articles of the former treaty of peace ; and I conceive , that every article of it deserves approbation.—In respect to the treaty with Holkar , I do not conceive that there can be any objection to it . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) has asked , whether sir G. Barlow was not obliged to conclude that treaty by the financial distresses of the government . Approving , generally , of the treaty , and not knowing the instructions from home under which sir C. Barlow acted , I do not conceive it necessary to look for the cause of his concluding that treaty , in any necessity arising from the state of the finances . The hon . gent . knows well , that when war has been carried on for 3 years in India , it is not very easy to procure money on loan ; and I certainly do not mean to extenuate the financial difficulties and distresses which existed in the year 1805 , as represented by the noble lord ( Morpeth ) , and by the papers on the table . These difficulties certainly existed ; but in possession of such a revenue as is enjoyed by the British government in India , at the present moment , and in command of such large resources , I do not conceive that any temporary embarrassment