, and Ireland . He hoped , that when the rt . hon gent . assumed credit to himself for his accuracy , he would not be forward to accuse others of inaccuracy . rose to make a few remarks upon the operation of the act in that part of the united kingdom . Every body who knew any thing about Scotland , must know that the act was in that country nothing more than a tax of 20l . upon the parishes , for scarcely a man could be raised by it . In the county of Edinburgh , a place that one would have thought very likely for procuring men , where there were a number of the idle and poor , not a single man could be got . The people of Scotland were a very sagacious people ; they kept the bounds the law prescribed them , and when they could not get the men , they paid the money . He had attended the county meeting of Edinburgh , when nothing could be done to facilitate the raising of men . Who were the parish officers ? The school-master and the sexton : but the sexton 's efforts to raise the men were found unavailing . Yet in the county of Ayr they did contrive to get men How ? by sending to manufacturing towns and employing crimps , or by giving too much money . It was a most extraordinary way of raising men under a particular act , by violating the act itself . He hoped the house would in such cases impute their conduct to their loyalty and zeal , rather than to any thing else . He did not feel himself quite competent to judge of a measure which had been introduced into the house before he had the honour of sitting there ; but from all he had heard , he had no difficulty in voting for the repeal of the act . It was useless . It was oppressive and unjust in its operation . It was destructive to the mode of recruiting for the regular army . It could only live by the breach of it . No set of men in the country were more entitled to consideration than the volunteers of Scotland , They were animated by the truest patriotism and valour . If they could he led to any misconception of the plan proposed , it must be from the accounts in the newspapers sent down to them of the speeches of to hon gentlemen 30 who so warmly opposed it . He knew that the volunteers of Scotland were sensible men , and would he the first to be satisfied with what the wisdom of the house might enact for the general benefit , to make them most useful to the country . Whatever parliament might enact , he hoped and was confident that their love for their country would be sufficient to make them continue their services with the same cordiality , loyalty , and spirit , they had hitherto evinced . wished to trespass upon the indulgence of the house for a short time . The statements which he had made in the course of a former debate had been arraigned as partial , by a noble lord on the opposite bench . He wished he bad thought proper to point out in what respect they were inaccurate . He had the documents in his hand to which he had referred on a former evening , and with the permission of the house , he would again apply to them ( loud cry of question , question ) . He perceived the house was not inclined to hear him , and he would therefore sit down . declared that it was with reluctance he obtruded himself upon the house , but the speech of the rt . hon . gent . had made it necessary for him to say a few words . He supported the statement of the chancellor of the exchequer , respecting the amount of desertions , and contended , in opposition to the rt . hon . gent