less strange and unneces- 702 sary than it improper , unless indeed we are to suppose that ministers are actuated by some political motives which they do not think proper disclose to us , or unless they may think it a will serve the shew the authority which they have in this house , that they take measures of this kind , anticipating the determination of parliament , for the purpose of displaying their own power , and the confidence which they feel that this house is prepared to sanction whatever they may think proper to dictate . And are we now to be told that we are safe in trusting to the discretion of these gentlemen , that they will make none but a right use of the legal power which this bill will give them , when we have this instance before us , even where they assumed the power before it was legal , of acting upon it with so little discretion and reserve ? What shall we say , after this , of the discretionary power to be given to such ministers by the present bill , of their limiting the exercise of it to the case of a proved emergency—when we see that before they were well warm in their seats , and before they had had time to make any enquiry into the existence of the emergency , or the probable duration of it , they assume an authority which the law had not given them , and act upon it to an extent which their friends admit would have been wrong , even if time authority had legally existed ? This order , however , is time substantial reason which his majesty 's ministers have for pressing this bill through the house ; they want an act of parliament to countenance them in the illegal act which they have committed , and if enquiry should produce time proof that no justifiable necessity exists , the same enquiry they feel would produce their own condemnation , for assuming a power which had not only not been granted by parliament , but which parliament might determine was not proper to be granted at all , Sir , what fell from the noble lord makes it difficult to know , exactly what is to be the intended operation of this bill , because , until all the clauses are gone through , we know not what articles are to be specified in the bill , as those which alone may be permitted for importation . The noble lord agrees generally to limit the bill according to the ideas of the worthy alderman who spoke last ; I know not , therefore , what power is intended to be ultimately given to his majesty in council , with respect to the articles to be imported ; but I apprehend that as the bill now stands , every article of the produce of the West India islands may be exported 703 from them to every part of the world.— ( No , no , from the ministerial side of the house . ) —As this is doubted , sir I will read the words of the act , that they may speak for themselves.— ( Here the hon . and learned gent . read the clause in the act of parliament , ending with the words , to import to , and export from any of the West India islands , & c. ) —By these words it is evident there is no limit to the exportation , neither us the quantity nor quality of articles , nor the places to which they may be carried . How all this is to be altered I know not , but so it stands at present . We have argued it , as if the importation was to be permitted only from America : it is , however , no such thing ; every neutral country , as well as , America , may under this bill as it now stands , be permitted to import any article of the growth and produce of their respective countries . On this