not regularly transmitted to the board , yet they were to be found in the detail of Bengal transactions for 1803. gave notice , that , before the close of the present session , he should move for leave to bring in a bill to allow exemptions from the Property Tax to persons , in certain cases , having low incomes and large families . It would be recollected , that , when the Property Tax bill was under discussion , he had stated his opinion , that these exemptions could not be introduced into the bill in the same form as in former bills , without materially affecting the produce of the tax ; and in this the house had concurred with him . It was desirable , however , that , in the cases to which he alluded , every reasonable relief should be granted ; and he had the satisfaction to state , that the bill , which it was his intention to bring forward in the course of the present session , would give the exemptions , without 483 being liable to any of the objections that applied to his former mode . He took that opportunity too of stating , that in consideration of the suggestions that had been thrown out by gentlemen , he meant to impose the duty on private brewing as an assessed tax , leaving out the excise clause altogether , which he had introduced only for the purpose of giving an opportunity to the party , in cases wherein it appeared to him that such opportunity would be desirable . wished to know how the noble lord proposed to ascertain who were and who were not , private brewers ? replied , that person charged to the assessed taxes , were to be required to give in a statement in their returns , whether or not they were private brewers ? moved the order of the day , for the house to go into a committee on the Mutiny bill . The house having resolved itself into the committee , and the question for filling up the blanks , in the form of the oath to be taken by the soldiers hereafter to be inlisted , with the number bevel being put , He thought that the whole of the clause relating to the limits of service should be left out . He took that opportunity of stating his objections to the clause , which the more he considered , the more forcibly convince him of the paramount duty of pressing his objections upon the attention of the house . He should , however , avoid going into the detail arising out of the question , and confine himself in that instance to the prominent features of the measure . Every member must be aware of the painful difficulties , and the embarrassing situation in which the house was placed , by being called on to decide on a detailed military question , with little notice , and little detailed information . If the right hon . secretary , with all his advantages , was four months in settling the details of his plan , it was rather embarrassing for parliament to decide upon it only three or four days after . the Chelsea , bill had been laid on the table , which was absolutely necessary in order to form any correct opinion upon it ; and there was ; additional difficulty , as the blanks in the clause were not now filled up , and as much was matter of regulation . But it was unnecessarily embarrassing , because ministers withheld that body of valuable information 484 which they possessed , and even changed their opinions on some points , before their resolutions had passed . He owned he thought that we came to the consideration of this plan under circumstances disgraceful to the character of parliament and to the government . The noble lord then proceeded to object strongly to the measure , as trenching on the prerogative of the crown . There was no occasion for bringing this to parliament at all , as it was