accept employment from the nabob . There was another gent. , however , who was attacked , he could not say in a disorderly manner , for the Speaker would have stopped any thing that had been disorderly . He must say , however , that it appeared contrary to the usual courtesy between man and man , to attack the character of a member of that house so violently , in his absence , as the hon . gent . had done , with respect to sir R. Sullivan . How could the hon . member presume to say , that sir R. Sullivan had betrayed the trust that was reposed in him by the British government ? How could he presume to say that , while in the service of the company , he had betrayed their secrets to a foreign prince ? He was not particularly acquainted with sir R Sullivan , but he could not bear to hear the characters of hon men treated in such a manner . As to Mr. Fordyce , whose name had also been mentioned by the hon . member , he must say , that he had no concern in the , original arrangement for the payment of these debts . in explanation , said , he had made no attack on any man , but only read transactions from the records of the house , which threw a light on the present question . said , this was a letter from lord Macartney , who had been prejudiced against sir R. Sullivan . expressed his surprise and regret , that any gent . should suppose this subject had become obsolete , or ever would become so . It was necessary that that enormous mass of corruption that had been carried on in India , should be sifted and exposed . As to the distance of time , it was nothing ; the present debts were modest remains of claims , which those who made them now , dared not bring forward at the period alluded to . He thought therefore , the house and the country were much indebted to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Keene ) for what he had done ; and though sir John M Pherson had since that period been made governor-general of India , he thought it necessary the house should enquire , why a bond for 100,000l. , dated in 1796 , and given to him by the nabob of Arcot , should not have been brought forward sooner ? If it should turn out to be 289 for presents , contrary to law , it would become a question , whether it ought to be allowed . What had been the history of all those debts ? It was , he said , utterly impossible that any man could read the proceedings of that period , and recollect he was an Englishman , without feeling the mixed emotions of disgust , contempt , indignation , and horror , that such proceedings should be allowed , and that 140,000l . a year should be set apart to liquidate debts , contracted under such shameful and profligate circumstances . He wished a parliamentary commission to be appointed for the purpose of enquiry into those debts , and thought that the house should not be called upon to sanction a measure that would permit the introduction of many fraudulent and unjust claims . was of opinion , that a good deal of extraneous matter had been introduced into the discussion of the present question . The house were not now called upon to sanction the agreement entered into between the East-India company and the creditors of the nabob . That agreement had already been concluded , and commissioners had been appointed under it , who were employed in carrying it into execution This agreement had also been entered into by the parties who were competent to form it ; by the creditors of the nabob on the one side , and by the East-India company , under the sanction of the board of controul , on the other . He could not see