and safety were so deeply interested : for it was no secret , that the noble lord 's conduct in those affairs was likely to become the ground of very serious charges from an 1189 honourable member of that house , who now filled an extensive space in the public eye.—The question being put , was agreed to , and the house adjourned . On the order of the day for the 3d reading of this bill , rose . His lordship deprecated any departure from those principles on which our navigation laws were founded , and to which we were indebted for our maritime superiority , and our greatness as a nation . He did not mean to contend that there might not be cases in which , from necessity , the general principle of our navigation laws must be departed from ; but the present was not such a case ; and , if an investigation was allowed to take place , he pledged himself to bring forward merchants of the highest respectability , who would declare , that such a measure as the present was wholly unnecessary . He objected , that this bill was brought forward , and all investigation refused . He thought also , that the measure was rendered worse , by enacting it for an indefinite period ; it would be , in his mind , much better , to limit the period of its duration to the 1st of July , 1807 , as , in the mean time , an investigation of this important subject might take place , and parliament become acquainted with the real state of the question . contended that nothing more was meant by this bill than to vest that power in the privy-council , which had heretofore been exercised , contrary to law , by the governors of our West-India islands . That the power of allowing our West-India islands to be supplied from America , should be lodged somewhere , was demonstrable from the fatal effects which a contrary policy , that of restricting our colonies to a supply from this country had produced in those islands , when resorted to soon after the termination of the American war . This power , he contended , could no where be better lodged than in the hands of his majesty 's privy-council , who were responsible for the exercise of it , and who were more likely to be influenced here by British interests , than the governors in the West Indies , who , from their situation , were necessarily subject to be operated upon by local influence . He was astonished at the opposition this measure met with in all its stages , particularly from those who had 1190 sanctioned the governors in the West Indies , in continually violating the law from necessity , for the purpose of admitting a supply into the West Indies from America , and who thought this of so little consequence , that they neglected , for three or four years , to pass any bill of indemnity . maintained , that there was a material difference between indemnifying the governors in the West Indies for those acts , and passing an act of parliament to legalize the principle . The great object of our navigation laws , was to preserve our maritime superiority , and they should not lightly be departed from , as it should be remembered that when our shipping and mariners were decreased , those of other nations would be increased ; and that if , in the event of a peace , there was not employment in our mercantile shipping for the numerous seamen who would be discharged , many of them might enter into foreign service . defended the bill , which , he contended , had nothing to do with the general principles urged on the other side , it being only to give a power to the privy-council , to allow the importation of certain articles from America to our West-India islands , in case of necessity ; and , in order to prevent any ill effects arising from the