house above two years since , which , however , from a variety of other indispensable avocations and impediments , he had hitherto been prevented from urging before the house . He was extremely , glad of the intention , now avowed by the 293 hon . member , and should be happy to render to that purpose every aid in his power . One part of the proposition , which he ( Mr. Rose ) had in view , was to provide employment for the poor , and thereby to render their own industry as effective as possible towards their maintenance . answered , that certainly a purpose so very important had not escaped his attention , but would form a leading feature of his plan . rose , and observed , that before he proceeded to the statement of the business , of which he had given notice , he trusted the house would indulge him with their attention for a few moments , while he said something respecting what had lately passed in the house concerning the barrack department . It would be in the recollection of the house that , when the hon , gent . behind him ( Mr. Robson ) brought forward some motions on that subject , one of them had been agreed to , while the previous question had been moved and carried with respect to the others . This , the house would recollect , had been done in the absence of all explanation , as to the object which the hon . gent . had in view , that was intelligible to him , or he believed , that could be intelligible to any person in the house . He had moved the previous question , with a view to induce the hon . gent . to come forward with the necessary information , and also with the intention , in case he should still refuse , to examine into the business himself , and find it out either with or without his assistance . He now flattered himself , that he had discovered the object of these motions . He found that they related to transactions , which took place in 1805 , respecting the barns , hired as barracks , in the division of Sandown Bay , in the Isle of Wight , which were paid for at a very extravagant rate , when a building for barracks was offered at a much more reasonable expence . He would , therefore , under these circumstances , propose all the motions of the hon . gent. , respecting which , the previous question had been before carried , and also add a new motion , which would relate to the barrack-master , who , it appeared , had hired these barns at an extravagant rent , and made an improper report , with regard to the building offered as a barrack . It was right that he should be called upon to explain his conduct , with respect to this 294 transaction . He concluded , by moving for Copies of the letters from Mr. Day , of Brading , in the Isle of Wight , to the barrack-master of the Sandown Bay division , and to the secretary at war , respecting the building of a barrack at Brading , with the answers to them , if any ; and a list of the barns , hired as barracks . In addition to these which had been previously called for , he moved for , a Copy of the report that had been made by major Davis , the barrack-master , relative to the proposals of Mr. Day , for building a barrack at Brading . rose to second the motion , and at the same time to express some astonishment at the conduct of the noble lord throughout the whole of this business . Feeling it to be his privilege and right , as a member of parliament , to call for certain documents , respecting the extravagant expenditure of public money , he had given 4 days notice of his intention to move for those documents