'' in lien of the words objected to.—This suggestion was adopted , and the motion , so amended , was agreed to . Upon the motion of sir John Newport , that the Irish Quit Rents Sale amendment bill should be read a second time . opposed the motion , on the ground that the bill proposed to dispose of , for ever , a large proportion of the hereditary revenue of the crown . This bill , the right hon . gent . observed , passed the Irish parliament in 1798 , and was meant to produce a certain sum for the supplies of that year , but it produced nothing ; and it was rather odd to have it proposed now , when the supplies of the year were provided for . Such a measure could not be acceded to , without , in his opinion , doing great injustice to his majesty 's successors ; and he begged the house to consider that the practice had never been heard of in England , of disposing of the hereditary revenues of the crown , without allowing an hereditary conpensation , which was not the case in this instance . was surprised at the opposition made to this bill , which Was introduced solely to amend a verbal inaccuracy in the Irish bill passed on this subject in the war 1798 . The right hon . baronet denied that this bill was meant for an immediate supply to the finances of Ireland ; for , from its very nature , its produce must be progressive . No minister could calculate upon the sale or . a revenue of 60 , or 70,000l . within one year . This revenue was , it must be recollected , commuted for an adequate increase in the Irish civil list ; and gentlemen must be aware that those great risks . 873 produced more arrears and insolvency among collectors than any other branch of the public revenue . concurred in the opinion of his hon . friend ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) , and maintained that , as the sum proposed to be raised by this means was one million , the object could he attained on cheaper terms , as the late loan sufficiently proved , He recommended the postponement of the proposition till next sessions . —The further consideration of the bill was agreed to be put off till Monday . presented a message from his majesty , adverting to the inadequacy of the funds at present assigned for the provision of the younger branches of the Royal Family ( similar to that presented to the House of Commons , and to which we refer ) , and desiring the concurrence of their lordships in such measures as may be deemed necessary , to enable his majesty to supply such deficiencies , & c. The message being read in the usual way , the same was , on the motion of lord Grenville , ordered to be taken into consideration to-morrow , and the lords summoned thereon . seeing a noble earl in his place ( Westmoreland ) , begged leave to address a few observations to their lordships , for the purpose of explaining and rectifying a mistake which he had made , inadvertently , yesterday , for want of proper information at the moment . What he alluded to , was his statement in the conversation which took place between him and the noble earl , on the subject of the India Papers he had moved for— '' that there had been no correspondence between the Board of Controul and the Court of Directors , on the topic of vacating the present Commission of the Government General in Bengal , after that proceeding had taken place . '' It happened , however , and which had since come to his knowledge , that some correspondence had taken place between those officers , after the circumstance alluded to had occurred ; but he felt it incumbent on him to observe , that those communications were of a nature involving such particular points and considerations , that he resist Any motion tending