or Madras , that had not been recommended by himself to the directors . If therefore the same system of recommenda- 960 tion should have been continued from the year 1801 to the present time , it would appear that the noble lord should be the last to shew any surprise upon the subject . The noble lord had undertaken to prophesy , that whatever might be the exalted character of the person whom his majesty 's ministers should think proper to recommend , however disposed the directors might be to acquiesce in his choice , still the servants of the company would be so disgusted as to make his situation painful and disagreeable . His majesty 's ministers had recommended two noblemen of the highest rank and talents for the government ( lords Lauderdale and Minto ) . He hoped the circumstances of their rank and talents would not be urged as an objection to either of them ; but when he heard the noble viscount talk of the prejudice of sending men of rank to India in the situation of governors-general , he could not forbear asking , if the affairs of India did not go on well when lords Cornwallis , Wellesley , Powis , sir A. Hamilton , and many other persons of consequence , none of whom were servants of the company , were employed in the government ? He believed there had been many persons of distinguished merit in India , who had not been recommended by the noble viscount , and who could not claim the honour or the recommendation of being his personal relation . If the correspondence that was now moved for should be granted , it would destroy all the confidence and harmony which ought to subsist between the board of controul and the court of directors . The late administration had appointed sir G. Barlow as successor of marquis Wellesley , and almost immediately superseded him for marquis Cornwallis , who was a man of that high rank that the noble viscount now appeared to think ought not to be employed . Lord Cornwallis , however , although he possessed every other quality , wanted the essential qualities of youth and health . It was generally supposed in London that he never could bear the voyage to India , or that if he did arrive there , he would survive it but a very short time : although that was the prevailing opinion , yet the ministers at that time were so remiss upon the subject , that they made no provision for the event which had happened , and what might have been expected to happen . It was from this criminal neglect in the preceding administration that his majesty 's present ministers were informed , only 24 hours after kis- 961 sing his majesty 's hand on their appointment , that marquis Cornwallis was dead and that by neglect of their predecessors , no governor general existed in India . It could not be expected of the present administration that in the first twenty-four hours , after they were in office , they could find a proper successor for lord Cornwallis and obtain the assent of the court of directors . Neither could it be expected , that in the first twenty-four hours they were to be perfectly acquainted with the talents of sir G. Barlow or his fitness for the situation of governor general Their first idea was , to give him the full powers of governor general , in order to compleat the negotiations he had then in hand . They therefore recommended it to the court of directors to give him the necessary powers , but they never thought of this appointment as being any thing more than a mere temporary appointment . It appeared , however , that what the noble lord called ten days , or ten little , days was in fact a period of near three months . He certainly had no personal prejudice against sir G. Barlow : that honourable baronet had anxiously and zealously cooperated in the measures of lord Wellesley , whose government was , in .