bill to Scotland , in the first instance , was , that the experiment might not be tried on too great a surface , but that it ought to be confined to the country were it was most applicable . As to the act of 1803 , it was to be considered that it had not been carried into effect ; and it was questionable whether , at the time it was brought in , it was intended to be carried into effect . contended , that whatever might have fallen from the hon . secretary , the volunteers of England were not one jot behind those of Scotland either in discipline or in zeal . Besides , there was no certainty whatever of raising men under the present bill . It was in fact a money bill , since upon paying a fine of 5l . any man might be exempted from its operation ; 847 and he thought that all who were by any means able to afford it would rather pay the fine . This would make the bill liable to the same objections as the parish bill . Was not Scotland bound to bear a share in the general expence of the country , and why should a burden be imposed on this country from which Scotland was exempted ? He spoke with great warmth of the enthusiasm of the volunteers in that part of the country with which he was best acquainted . and thought that the defence of the country might be safely intrusted to them . If the volunteers of Scotland were well disciplined , they had also been liberally paid , since a much greater number of corps had been there upon the June allowance , than in his country . observed , that gentleman argued as if he had said that the lateness of the session precluded him from doing what he would otherwise have done . He had said no such thing , for though this might be a motive for the house to oppose the amendment , he allowed that it was no justification of ministers . But he had said , that at whatever time the measure might have been brought forward it ought not to apply , in the first instance , to Scotland . As to the general principle of applying to one part what was not applied to another , the gentlemen on the other side ought to think of their own practice , and not insist on the principle of equality too broadly , because in that view Ireland also ought to be included . There night be reasons why the bill should not apply to Scotland for two or three years . Perhaps it might never apply , although he rather thought that it might some time hence . The militia ballot too , was in force in Scotland , and this would be a motive for the volunteers to continue in their corps . As the situation of Scotland was not so favourable to this bill , we might , in applying it , also lose the good will of the people . said , that the right hon . gent 's arguments did not appear at all satisfactory to his mind . If he wished to make an experiment merely , he should recommend it to him to try it on a. much narrower scale , and to confine , for the present , this boon of his to the county of Norfolk with which he was best acquainted . As to Ireland , no argument whatever could be founded on its not being proper to apply the bill to that country , in favour of the exemption , of Scotland . The state 848 of the two countries were totally different . The circumstance of the militia-ballot being still in force in Scotland pointed out to him a defect in the right hon . gent 's military system , of which he had not before been aware . The militia-ballot was to be given up here because it injured the recruiting service . But now it appeared that it was