the evidence , which a right reverend prelate , much to his honour , had so great a share in eliciting , that alone would convince their lordships how the traffic outraged every principle of humanity . A celebrated writer on the subject , who was an advocate for the trade , admits , that the far larger portion of the slaves taken from the coasts of Africa , was procured by the crimes of those who brought them ; this acknowledgement , nothing but the innate force of truth and justice could bring such a writer to make . All the natives who now acknowledged the divine precepts of Christianity , or even those who were civilized at all , had relinquished the traffic , as hostile to the first principles of humanity . The traffic , in the first instance , was now confined to the natives of Africa , whose incentive was the consequence of the avarice of those in this country , who still persisted in it . His lordship then glanced at the consideration of the middle passage , the miseries and horrors of which were acknowledged by all , save those whose hearts were steeled against every emotion of humanity . With respect to this , long experience had proved , that no really effectual remedy could apply , but total abolition . No circumstance or situation , on the face of the habitable globe , could exhibit so great a portion of human misery , condensed into such a narrow compass , as did this middle passage . This he had often occasion to expatiate upon ; but he trusted their lordships ' vote of that night would render the present the last occasion he should have . They would next have to consider the object of this middle passage ; which was to tie and shackle the unhappy wretches who survived it , to hopeless bondage and never ending labour , in the burning climate of the West Indies ! rising up and laying down , day after day , under the lash of an imperious and unfeeling task master ! to those `` Hope never comes which comes to all ! '' The exercise of uncontrouled , arbitrary power , was the never-failing corrupter of the human heart . Notwithstanding all that had been advanced on that part of the subject , the West India planters had not 804 done all in their power to alleviate the sufferings of the slaves ; and even if they had , the end could not effectually be obtained . Having concluded this division of his subject , the noble lord proceeded to the consideration of the case , with respect to the principles of justice . With respect to this , he contended that it militated against every principle of distributive justice . It could be no recommendation of that or of any other consideration of outrage , or robbery , to say , that it was lucrative ; and , on that ground , a great part of the argument , in favour of the traffic , was rested . What right can any planter in the West Indies , or any merchant in England have to the labour of the inhabitants of Africa ? In what code of the law of nations , or in what system of religion , could such a right be founded ? The third question , which the Resolution he should move their lordships to concur in , involved , was , whether the trade was consistent with sound policy ? On this head , he set out with contending for the broad principle , that it never can be wise or politic in nations to persevere in a course of inhumanity and injustice . Another consideration essentially connected , was the practical principle , that the labour of slaves was not equally valuable with the labour of freemen . On this head , his lordship referred to the authority of a great man ( Mr. Pitt ) now no more , whose loss this country had every reason to deplore , who had given a great