, has even France with all the extravagance of her pretensions , ever been bold enough to ask you to suspend your navigation laws ? I do 727 not say that America asks you to do so ; but I. do say , that in the situation in which you stand you ought to take care to be above even the suspicion of an undue compliance . This measure , on the face of it , carries the appearance of a concession at a moment wherein it is your duty to stand upon you rights ; it is at least liable to this construction , and if you pass it at the present moment it will be so thought of in America . Once again , where is the necessity for this measure ? Can not our West India plantations be supplied with every thing they want without it ? Will they not be supplied exactly in the same manner whether this bill passes or not ? If there is no necessity for it , think of the danger there is in passing this bill into a law , not only on account of the injury you sustain by the suspension of your navigation laws , while that suspension continues , but also because you will by such a suspension as this bill provides , make it difficult , if not impossible , to revert to your former system . It is not denied that it is an evil to suspend the navigation laws ; but the evil is in some degree unavoidable . Be it so ; but why aggravate what you can not altogether avoid ? Why make that suspension permanent which when temporary and occasional has fully answered every purpose ? You say , you are only doing what has been already done for many years , that you only mean to do the same in a different manner . You may mean what you will ; but certainly the effect of your bill will be to suspend permanently laws which have hitherto only been suspended temporarily , to take responsibility from those who acted from knowledge of the necessity of each particular ease , and rendered an annual account of each act of discretion , and to place it in the hands of others who already have shewn us what an extravagant use they mean to make , and how little account they propose to render of it , who have already anticipated for the whole of the war the existence of a necessity , which has hitherto been ascertained annually , and never acted upon until ascertained.—And you do this at a time and under circumstances which induce inevitably the suspicion that while you are thus sacrificing the leading principles of your navigation system , as well as the interests of that class of men , by encouraging whom you would encourage the maritime power of the country , you are making this sacrifice to a foreign power at present no way favourably disposed to you , and in whom the appearance of concession is likely to beget 728 an encreased spirit of encroachment : and all this you are doing rashly and precipitately , shutting your eyes against the facts which are offered to be proved to you , and relegating the evidence of those best capable , of giving you information , to a period when it can neither be received with the same confidence , not listened to with the effect , when the mischief will have been incurred , and when the means of remedying it will be incalculably diminished —This is the way in which you are passing this most unnecessary and mischievous bill ; these are the pretexts on which you endeavour to recommend it to this house ; these are the dangers to which it will expose you ; these are the evils which it will produce . I think it . likely to be fatal to the best interests of the country , and therefore I shall give it my decided opposition . observed that the gentlemen who said any thing against this bill , seemed to