, he could not accede to it . In point of effective men , those raised during the present war were , in general , better men than those obtained last war , and , in all cases , than those in the American war . If the right hon . gentleman 's argument was 443 worth any thing , if he meant any thing in his statement , he must have meant , that his system would be sufficient to keep up the army to its establishment , and to supply the ordinary casualties ; but the right hon . gent . ought also to look to the extraordinary casualties that might take place in the event , which he hoped would not happen , of the enemy being to be met here or in Ireland , by the loss that would be the consequence of a great battle lost , or of a great and bloody victory gained . That should be in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers . It the measure which they now brought forward had failed in the American war , why , in die name of God , were they then called upon to sanction it ? The right hon . gent . had stated some of the inconveniencies of the measure ; many of which he could not get over . But what had been the state of the army in the American war ? He proposed to consider that question in three views : first , the state of the army in North America and the West Indies , in 1779 ; 2dly , the casualties therein in the years 1778 , 1779 , and 1790 ; and , 3dly , the amount of all the troops that bad been sent out to supply that army . The army 1779 was an establishment of 25,299 , in America and the West Indies , wanting 11,249 to complete it , being nearly one-third . The casualties , including desertion , & c. amounted to an average of 17,855 ; and , with all the efforts that could have been made with the system in full activity , the number of troops sent out , including 13 new regiments , did not exceed 19,161 , leaving a balance , after deducting the casualties , of 1296 , been only as a supply for an army that was fighting for the brightest jewel of the British crown , and for the dearest interests of the nation . When they had such an experience , therefore , of the system , he asked gentlemen , who might not have made up their minds , previously , to vote on one side of the question , whether they ought not to pause , before they should again consent to adopt it ? He came then to consider a paper that had been presented that day , which , when it should be printed , would give gentlemen much useful information . By this paper it appeared , that the numbers wanted in 1781 , to complete the army to its establishment , exclusive of cavalry , which at that time did not exceed 5,000 , was 25,279 ; in 1782 , was 22,000 ; and in 1783 ; was 26,000 , being one-fourth of the whole , then 101,116 men ; whereas , the number now deficient , of a force of 150,000 , was only 444 one-fifth ; a circumstance for which they were indebted to the salutary operation of those measures that had been so much abused . He would ask any man , whether the system proposed would afford a prospect of supplying the ordinary and extraordinary casualties of the army ? In the debates on the peace in 1783 , it had been stated , in that and another house , in justification of its terms , without a contradiction , that the army wanted 30,000 men of its complement . But this was not all : the limited service occasioned a mutiny in the army , which exposed the country to the most serious dangers : the expectation of being