courses . What are the meditations of the prosecutor on this same notable series of supposed facts ? He also reflects , juries acquit , judges mitigate , kings pardon—and what ? That nobody is ever hanged ? —No . He is seized with a fit of trembling , on arriving at the conclusion , that every body is hanged ; and he , of course , declines to prosecute . So that from the same premises they arrive at different conclusions , the one that nobody is hanged , and the other that everybody is hanged , and thus the one , devoid of terror , continues his depredations , and the other , full of terror , forbears to prosecute . Supposing these premises from which prosecutors and criminals reason , to be correct , it would not be very easy , according to any theory of our passions , to explain how it happens that they arrive at such different conclusions . I do not limit my observation to the premises which I have stated , or to the manner in which I have stated them . But I wish gravely to observe , that supposing the criminals and prosecutor equally to contemplate the existing state of the law , and the mode of its administration and of its application , it would not be very easy to explain how they can arrive at such different conclusions . For 638 whether men are most disposed to believe what they wish , or to believe what they fear ; whether in the lottery of good and evil , we expect more intensely to acquire the good or apprehend more intensely to incur the evil , the problem is equally of difficult solution . But the problem is not worth solving , for neither the criminal or the prosecutor do in fact so reason or so act . Prosecutors , naturally enough , are unwilling to prosecute , and happy to avail themselves of any pretence which may seem creditable . Men do not even enforce their civil rights by legal process . They acquiesce in civil injuries , injuries often of considerable magnitude , sooner than incur all the harrassing and uneasy circumstances of suits at law . But is the civil code therefore useless , because men decline to call it into action ? Indeed it is much more conducive to the general happiness of the community , that men should occasionally acquiesce in evil , and should temporize , manage , mitigate , compromise , than that they should be always appealing to the contentious intervention of the law . I do not know that it would be an advantage to the community , that every crime should be prosecuted , and nothing left to morals and workings of men 's hearts towards each other . So also as to witnesses . Witnesses keep out of the way in civil cases , as well as in criminal , from delicacy , indolence , pusillanimity ; and they always endeavour to assign , and often succeed in assigning , some reason which may be creditable . With many , the dread of fatigue , inconvenient hours , bad air , confinement , weighs much . To some , the mere circumstance of appearing in court , all eyes and ears directed towards them , the forms of examination and cross examination , seem perfectly terrific . To all they an ; very irksome and unpleasant . How frequently do we find prosecutors declining to prosecute , in cases of misdemeanor , and even in cases of great personal injury . Must we alter the laws respecting misdemeanors on this account ? Witnesses here also conceal themselves . Even , while , the misdemeanor is being committed , they will turn their backs , run away , that they may not see what happens , lest they may be called as witnesses . In cases of simple felony , we all know how unwilling men are to prosecute , and how continually they decline so to do . The truth is , that the duty of prosecuting is