terminated in the environs of Lisbon—that lord Wellington set out with a determination to defend Spain—ther undertook to protect Portugal—and is now contented with merely covering Lisbon Why , Sir , even admitting this representation of the hon . general to be correct ( which , however , I utterly deny , though for the sake of the argument I am , willing to admit it ) I still contend , upon the general principle which I have already laid down , that , whilst there was a possibility of defending Spain in Spain itself , it was 226 the duty , the policy , the essential interest of Great Britain to make every practicable effort for that purpose . that when untoward circumstances rendered it inexpedient to prosecute the contest in that country , Great Britain was bound to maintain it in Portugal—and , if even the vicissitudes of war should have reduced us to the mere possession of the city of Lisbon itself and the strong positions in its environs , even there Great Britain is as much bound in honour as she is impelled by a just sense of her own interest , to make her stand . Never should we give up our hold of the peninsula , while we are able to continue the contest not with prospect of success alone , but without danger of absolute destruction to our army . But I must not by any means be understood , Sir , as giving into or adopting any part of the views taken by the hon . general of the operations of the last campaign . On the contrary I maintain , that the hon . general 's views are as clearly at variance with the facts as those facts are happily at variance with what that hon . general and his friends thought proper arbitrarily to anticipate last year , of the probable success of our operations in the peninsula . If indeed we were to draw a comparison between the present state of affairs , and such a one as , without due consideration and comparison of means and probabilities , we might conceive to be desirable , we must admit that much is wanting to bring the result up to the standard of our wishes : we must admit that much remains to be done—but we are not therefore to give up the contest as hopeless , or to abandon the cause to despair . But we have a right to resort to another standard of comparison ; we have to compare the present state of the peninsular war with the insolent vaunts of the enemy and with the gloomy predictions of many amongst ourselves . We have aright , in forming our estimate of the prospect before us , to compare the present state of things with what it was when the whole of the peninsula was in the power of the enemy—when all its strong fortresses were occupied by French troops , when not a breath of resistance was any where to be heard—when the eagles of France were planted , not only over the walk of Madrid but upon the ramparts of Lisbon . This is the comparison , Sir , which we are entitled to make ; and from this I am authorised to draw inferences far different from those of the hon . general . As I never was party to those dismal anticipations , 227 which we have too often been condemned to hear in this House ; as I knew the talents and skill of the British general—as I was convinced of the valour and discipline of the British army—and as I confidently anticipated the best effects from the instruction and example of English officers on the physical and moral qualities of a brave nation , I have all along looked to the contest in Portugal with hope—a hope qualified undoubtedly by a mixture of anxiety but wholly unalloyed by any thing like despair . Nor has the result disappointed my expectations . If lord Wellington has arrested , in its career of victory , that mighty military power , before whose overwhelming