hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had cheered him . He had however believed that the right hon . gent , thought them of the highest importance , as the safeguard of our religion and church . But , at any rate , if a dead letter , they were most odious to the sight , and ought to be removed . hoped , 223 if the hon . gent , viewed the plan as others had done , that he would not increase existing difficulties by introducing , unnecessarily , a subject on which particular feelings existed , and which might lead to useless altercations . The inconveniences anticipated were not practically felt by those Catholic soldiers already in this country ; and were they to suppose them more likely to be felt by the militia who might hereafter arrive ? Some had objected at first to drafting into the regulars from the militia , and objected on the ground that it would prove ruinous to the discipline of the militia ; but this , he trusted , had not been found the case . As this was not the time for going into the subject of the late campaign , he did not wish to say any thing on that head . Though he was anxious it should not be understood , that ministers gave up that campaign , or that they surrendered lord Wellington to those who were disposed to condemn his conduct , it was , however , remarkable , that the hon . general was now as forward in predicting disasters , as he was last session in saying the English could not make a stand at all against the enemy . As the prophecy he then made had not been realized , the hon . general had nothing new to say on the subject at present , but could only repeat his old prediction . The hon . general had spoken of the opportunities lord Wellington had had , and had failed to improve . He had spoken as if he might have crushed the enemy at Ciudad Rodrigo , and at Almeida . Why , if that were the case , what became of his censure of the plan of that campaign , and of those who had planned it , seeing , if that statement were correct , though they engaged with an enemy who could bring ten to one against them , they had nevertheless furnished lord Wellington with sufficient means to crush that enemy . This general , however , who had been so severely censured for not attacking the . enemy at Ciudad Rodrigo , and afterwards been as severely censured for suffering the enemy to attack him at Busaco . The attempt of marshal Massena was to be looked upon merely as an experiment , they had been told . He wished it , however , to be remembered , that it was an experiment which Massena did not think fit to repeat . If they looked back to what had been done , it would at least be found that lord Wellington had disappointed the enemy , and that he had done more than be had been expected to do by many in 224 this country , though he had not annihilated the French army . The contest , it was true , could not be carried on without a great expence to this country , but it ought to be remembered that the cause was great , and that the cause was our own ; and great as the expenditure unquestionably was , it was nothing to what it must be if we were obliged to engage with the enemy on our own shores . It was our interest to prevent that as long as we were able , and that reflection , he trusted , would reconcile the people , not only to what they had already borne , but what it might yet be necessary to call upon them to bear . observed , that the right hon . gent . had spoken as if he had attacked the conduct of lord Wellington