make it clearer to him by the assistance of figures . Let 4 equal the certain quantity of Bullion , 2 and 2 the l. of coin , and 3 and 1 , the 1l . of paper . Two and two are equal to four ; but three and one , are equal to two and two , and therefore three and one are equal to four , Will he now admit the accuracy of the conclusion that £ . 1 of Bank paper to be of its proper value ought to be able to purchase as much bullion as 1l . sterling in coin ? An apology I feel is due to the Committee for occupying its time with such silly calculations , but unless we have recourse , to them , it is not easy to comprehend in what manner it will be possible to expose completely those silly errors which so many , have adopted concerning this most simple question . I will now , Sir , advert to the doctrine of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) that Bank paper is not depreciated , because `` in all pecuniary transactions , it is held in public estimation to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm . '' In the first place , I maintain be has no means of proving the affirmative of the fact , because the legal gold coin does not continue to , form a part of the circulating medium Though some few guineas may 1036 still be given in payment in common with Bank notes , they are so very few , that , comparing the number of them with the number that were in circulation , they can not be said to form a component part of the general currency . The facts stated by the Treasurer of the Navy , shewing how few guineas were received in payment of the taxes in Hampshire and Lancashire , are decisive on this point . In one of these counties 118 guineas only were received in the payments of 400,000l . It was easy to understand , why even those few were paid though each of them was worth 25s . ; they were , no doubt , taken from the little savings of some poor persons who were unable to satisfy the pressing demands of the tax-gatherer from any other funds in these times of universal distress . In the next place , I maintain that the legal coin is worth more , sum for sum , than the promisary notes of the Bank of England '' Before , however , I proceed to support this assertion by arguments , I wish to call the attention of the Committee to an admission of the rt . hon . gent. , ( Mr. Vansittart ) which appears to me to be one of great importance . He has said , that he was a member of the Committee appointed to enquire into the state of the currency of Ireland in 1804 , and that he was convinced then , and continues to be so , that Bank paper in Ireland was depreciated , because guineas were openly sold at a premium of 10 per cent . This admission places the question of the value of Bank paper in this country in a very narrow compass indeed ; because the doctrine being granted , that a premium on guineas is decisive evidence of a depreciation , it remains only to be ascertained whether or cot such a premium does exist . The question is no longer one of doctrine , but one of fact and depending on one fact only , and this very easily to be determined . Now , Sir , it seems to me that , if ever there was a mere matter of fact about which every one might readily form a just and unanimous opinion , it is this concerning the comparative value of Bank paper and gold coin . In one sense it might be true that coin and Bank paper circulated for an equal value ; for if I had