, who appeared not to be satisfied until that point was conceded to them , denominated Catholic emancipation ; but until he could admit that that point should be granted 23 them , he never could agree that the system had been intolerant . The hon . gent . had himself admitted that this was not the time for the consideration of the Catholic question , or for entering into the discussion of that subject ; but it were to be wished that the hon . gent . had confined himself to moving for the papers which he might conceive defective , and had avoided all discussion of topics connected with them . Before he proceeded to advert to these topics , he would state to the House the facts which had come to the knowledge of his Majesty 's ministers . All that they knew was , that in consequence of a paper issued by a Mr. Hay , who called himself Secretary to the Catholic Committee ; it was thought advisable to issue the circular letter now before the House . This paper carried on the face of it a violation of the existing laws of Ireland . This was not the time to discuss the merits of these laws ; it was sufficient to declare what was the law . The Convention Act was declared to be expressly enacted for the purpose of preventing the assembly of delegates for any unlawful assembly , and offenders against the Act were declared guilty of a high misdemeanour . He would ask any person who read the paper now under discussion , whether it was not a decided offence against this Act , and whether the sitting of any such assembly , as the body of delegates from the Irish Catholics , was not to be held an assembly against the Convention Act ? The hon . gent . had said that there was upon the face of it , an evident intention in drawing up this paper of wishing to avoid offending against the law . He admitted that such intention was professed in certain passages of the paper ; but such passages did not at all alter the nature of that paper ; for how was it possible that men were to be sent as desired to join the Catholic Committee , without being appointed by an act of the body of Catholics ? It might be contended , therefore , that the person who wrote that paper must have intended a violation of the laws , and that he was aware that he was acting in violation of the laws ; and therefore , without inquiring further , the government of Ireland were prima facie and justifiably in the exercise of their duty , when they resorted to the measure under discussion . It might be true , that that measure was not expedient , and it was upon the expediency of the measure that the conduct of the government most be justified . Looking 24 therefore at the letter of Mr. Hay , he maintained that the government of Ireland could not have acted otherwise than it did , without allowing persons openly to violate the established law of the country . But ministers were not in possession of all the information necessary to enable the House to judge of this measure in all its points ; and therefore , if all the papers moved for were granted on the present occasion , they would not answer the purpose of the hon . gent . He was therefore averse to the motion , because these papers were insufficient , and because it would be necessary to wait for still further papers , before the House could come properly to a discussion of the subject . Upon that ground he should give his negative to the motion.—The hon . gent . had thought fit to criticise the government of Ireland , because the letter of the secretary to the Catholic Committee was dated the 1st of January , and the circular letter of the secretary to the lord lieutenant was dated on the 12th of February ;