the eleventh resolution , so far as it respects the Bank of England , I equally object , for reasons which I have already assigned ; but upon that part of it , which respects the country banks , I must say a few words . I admit that great inconveniencies have been occasioned by the mismanagement of country banks , and the excess to which some of them have attempted to extend their circulation of paper . Much individual distress has arisen from the facilities which have been given to rash speculations , and particularly from the temptation which the partners in such banks have had , by depending for support upon the credit of the bank , to engage in commercial adventures far beyond either their skill or capital . Much evil has been the consequence , but it is not an evil of the nature described in the resolution . It is not a depreciation of the notes of the Bank of England , nor a general excess of paper circulation . But it is the attempting to supply the place of a perfectly secure and sound paper circulation by oue which can not maintain its credit . The consequences have been frequent bankruptcies , and sometimes extensive distress . I am far from saying , that the system of country banks does not require regulation , or that evils such as these do not call for the interference of parliament . But it is a point of considerable difficulty , and one upon which parliament should interfere with caution . 949 The most plausible regulation which occurs to me would be , to prohibit bankers , who issue notes , from engaging in any other commercial concerns ; but this regulation has been tried in Ireland , and found so liable to evasion , that it produced no materially beneficial effect . I can not , therefore , recommend its adoption , and I am not prepared with any other which I could recommend as both safe and effectual . I wish only to call the attention of parliament to the subject generally , as one however in which there is much more to be apprehended from precipitation than delay . In order to support their general theory of the excess of paper currency , the Bullion Committee choose to assume , that the notes of the country banks bear a fixed proportion to those of the Bank of England , and are increased at the same time : `` the foundation ( say they ) being enlarged , the superstructure admits of a proportionate extension . '' I should have thought that there were members of the Committee , who would have been convinced from their own experience in business , that this assumption is so far from the truth , that the very contrary is often the fact , and that an increase of the one of these two species of currency is frequently the consequence of a diminution of the other . This was exemplified in the course of last summer , when the failure of several country banks , and a general diminution of country bank paper , occasioned thereby , produced an increased issue of Bank of England notes to the extent of nearly three millions . On this point , the Committee had not only the experience of their own members to resort to , but had direct evidence before them . They examined Mr. Stuckey , a respectable gentleman , with whom ( not in his capacity of a country banker , but in an official situation which he holds ) I am well acquainted ; and then , with their usual felicity in contradicting their evidence , report an opinion directly the reverse of his statement . He is asked , `` Is it not your interest as a banker , to check the circulation of Bank of England notes ? and with that view do you not remit to London such Bank of England notes as you may receive , beyond the amount which you may think it prupentto keep as a deposit in your coffers ?