proceeded to shew the manner in which it had been formerly stated in the Estimates , end the funds from which it had been paid . He concluded by informing the House , that his right hon . friend , in consideration of his holding another situation , had declined taking the full salary , and given up annually 3,000l . spoke in favour of the adoption of the Naval Arsenal at North-fleet . said , the plans respecting the harbour at Northfleet and the break-water at Plymouth Sound , were under consideration , and the result was likely to be favourable to their adoption . Though under consideration , he was not at present authorised to include either in the Estimates , and it might be necessary for him hereafter to come forward with a Supplementary Estimate . He thought it highly desirable to have some depot for shipping in the River Thames , but at the same time he was not prepared to say they ought at once to go to the extent of the plan proposed . It might be begun on a great general plan , and carried on by degrees , as the circumstances and means of the country would admit . made an observation on the circumstance of the Commander in Chief of the Channel Fleet not having been out for two years . explained the circumstance as arising from causes connected with the gallant attack in the Basque Roads . thought , under the present circumstances , some attempt might have been made to reduce the Navy Estimates this year . The experiment might have been made with little danger . When it was considered how much there was of resource in national wealth , it must be felt that if our expences continued to increase , as in the present Estimates he perceived they did to the amount of between one and two millions , our finances would at last be found weak . He wished the House to be on their guard against dilapidating the resources of the nation . said , it was to be hoped our recent conquests would ultimately prove a saving to the country , though they would not warrant a reduction of the present Estimates . It was thought necessary to send out 28 frigates to the Indian seas , to be ready to act in the event of the Isle of France not falling into our hands . Considering the lime which must pass before they could be ordered home , it might be expected they would not arrive till the end of the year . They must be provided for in the mean time , and therefore no retrenchment could be made at present . He particularly wished to reply to the assertion of his hon . friend , that the excess of the present Estimates was between one and two millions . He apprehended he would find it was not more than 306,000l . when he took into consideration the arrangement which had been made in framing the present Estimates . , adverting to what had been said with respect to the detention of prize-money , stated , the complaints of every individual were attended to , however trivial the sum ; and if the agent were found to have abused his trust , he was deprived of his licence . gave a further account of the delays to which he had before alluded . was sorry no gentleman was present who could give an official account of the circumstances to which the allusion had been made . He must , however , in justice to the individual before whom such cases were decided , declare , that no man could be more anxious to avoid improper delay , 383 When they remembered how often such things had been satisfactorily explained , the House ought at least to suspend their judgment in his absence . With respect to the Estimates , highly satisfactory as they were , it was unnecessary for him to say much , but he thought if his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) had had the making of