hot unsettle the public mind by resolving any thing at all about the measurement of the value of Bank-notes , there is already a sufficient rule for the just estimation of their value . What is that rule ? `` Public estimation . '' Good . And who is the party whose opinion is to be settled ? The public . To 1119 whom do they appeal ? To the House of Commons.—The public opinion is divided ; the public appeal to the House of Commons for judgment ; and the House of Commons , after gravely hearing the arguments on both sides , delivers , not its own decision of the question in dispute , but a decree that the opinion of the public has already decided it . Is this ( I do not say ) wise , judicious , satisfactory ? I ask if it be intelligible ; if it be not a mockery of the public ; a degradation of our own character , and an abdication of our own functions ? Again I say , I can not , will not believe that we shall ever be seriously called upon to vote this third Proposition . But even so , we must not leave this main point of inquiry undetermined , nor our determination upon it unrecorded . The tenth of the original Resolutions contains the just and indisputable inference from the known law and the acknowledged facts of the case . Till the indentures of the Mint be altered , and the statutes which sanction them repealed , definite weight of precious metal constitutes the true standard of our currency . By that standard while it subsists in law , every species of our currency must be measured . Measured by that standard , Bank notes have not at present a value equal to their denomination . Unless the premises can be denied , it is in vain to dispute the conclusion . And this conclusion , if it be true , it is our bounden duty solemnly to record . These ten Resolutions therefore expound the law of the currency ; and establish the fact of the actual depreciation of that part of it , which consists in paper . Here I confess I should be contented to leave the matter : conceiving that the remedy to be applied to the evil may best be proposed by the executive government ; and that the causes of it , though to my mind obvious and manifest , yet are not as capable of certain and demonstrative proof , as the tact of its existence . I have myself no doubt of the truth of the hon . and learned gent . 's Eleventh Resolution . But I am not prepared to affirm it by my vote . I think that unlike in this respect to those which have preceded it , it asserts more than it proves . And I think it implies a degree of blame upon the Bank , which I am not ready to impute to that body . When it is stated that the depreciation of bank notes is owing to an excessive issue , and that the excessive issue has been 1120 produced by a want of check and controul , it is difficult not to construe such a statement as imputing to the Bank a heavy responsibility both for the excess of their issues , and for a neglect of those precautions by which such excess might have been prevented . But the check and control which are said to have been wanting , may have been , and in point of fact were , in part at least , extrinsic to the Bank . The main check was the payment of their notes in specie upon demand : for the discontinuance of this check the Bank is obviously not responsible . If indeed I could agree with my right honourable friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) in considering the question of excess as independent of that of depreciation , and as capable of being satisfactorily proved or disproved otherwise than through the depreciation , I