been preferred in time when the opportunity existed . But this related to a capture in 1799 , before the act in question had been passed . The hon . admiral had given great credit to the Treasurer of the Navy for his improvements with respect to agents , & c. Did he not know that all these had been the effect of the suggestion and parliamentary labours of his right hon . and learned friend ? The hon . admiral appeared to have some prepossession on this subject , of which it would be proper for him to get rid . It ought to be recollected , that all these charges were conveyed to our gallant seamen , well meaning men ; but of warm passions , and , in some instances too , no doubt , but ill informed : and , as it had been emphatically said , a rot might be produced in the wooden walls of Old England , he hoped that , in future , the hon . baronet would take care to inquire , otherwise he might do more harm than all his gallantry and services would suffice to repair or compensate . said , that after the clear , manly , and eloquent explanation of the right hon . Judge of the Court of Admiralty he was perfectly satisfied , as he hoped the country and navy would also be . The interests of the navy , he allowed , should be held most dear , and watched over with great vigilance , but the gallant Admiral would be found in the present , as in former cases , to have been led into mistake by his zeal . The hon . baronet had laid it down as a principle , that delay was an abuse ; but to him it appeared that there 489 were many circumstances in which delay would not be an abuse , but , on the contrary , the greatest benefit . The faults of the agents , he contended , should not be confounded with that of the Courts of Admiralty ; and the decisions of the Judge upon the law of nations had done more to hold up this country to the admiration of Europe than any other circumstance . With repect to the King 's Proctor , his conduct had been already so ably defended , that he should say nothing in addition ; but he was persuaded , that whenever it became the subject of inquiry , he would be found to have acted up to his duty , and to deserve the applause of the House and of the country . said he agreed in the panegyric pronounced upon the learned Judge of the Court of Admiralty ; but still he could not agree that the hon . baronet was wrong in bringing forward a case of this description which afforded a prima facie ground of charge , on the contrary , he did no more than discharge his duty to the country and the service . Besides , it did not appear to him that the hon . baronet bad selected any individual , or resorted to any violent language . It had always struck him as a great grievance that there should be so great a delay in the prize courts . At one time the Court of Appeal stood still for twelve months , only because one of the judges thought proper to absent himself ; and it was a fact , that out of seven millions captured at different times , three millions were restored to other countries as unjust captures . Much he allowed had been done but still not enough . said , the hon . member who had just sat down , had told them that the Court of Appeal required reform , and yet , he also told them , what certainly redounded not a little to the honour of that Court , that in a time of war , when additional causes were perpetually flowing in , the number of arrears had been reduced . It was proper to state what was the