the rate at which the circulating medium of this kingdom passes in exchange for the circulating medium of other countries . Supposing , then , the . circulating medium ( the gold or silver coin for example ) of other countries to remain as before , that is , to bear the same price as before in exchange for commodities , while the value of our currency , in exchange for commodities , has been altered , it follows that our currency must exchange for a new quantity of such foreign coin . It also follows equally , that it must exchange for a new quantity of bullion ; for foreign coin is itself made of bullion , deviates from it in only a limited degree , and is almost identified with it . Bullion , indeed , is a commodity : it comes from America in the same manner as other commodities—is subject to those laws which govern their rise and fall—and consequently , when it is affirmed that an increase of circulating medium raises the price of commodies , bullion must be considered as included among their number . It could not be supposed that one article would be affected by an increase of the general currency , and not another ; —the produce of manufacturing industry , for example , and not the produce also of the 899 surface of the earth , and of the mines . All things , it is manifest , must ultimately partake in that increase of price which an augmentation of currency tends to produce , as well as in that depression of price which a reduction of it occasions . The hon . gentleman next proceeded to observe on the doctrine which was maintained that the present high price of bullion and state of the exchanges resulted from the unfavourable circumstances of our commerce , and the present extraordinary state of the world . The evil was referred to what is called the unfavourable balance of trade or of payments , and was thought to have nothing to do with quantity of paper , inasmuch as this balance of trade and payments was deemed a separate and independent cause . He was willing freely to admit the influence of the present circumstances of our trade and expenditure , on exchanges and the price of bullion ; but he could not allow that these had a separate and independent operation . He should best explain himself , on this difficult but important subject , of the influence of balance of trade , as it is called , or balance of payments , by putting three several cases ; in each of which cases , he would suppose that we had to struggle with political and commercial difficulties exactly resembling the present . First , he would assume that we had no laws forbidding the melting and exportation of our coin , or limiting the rate of interest , or protecting the Bank against cash payments , it being the simple policy of the country to let every thing take its own course . By thus adverting to what might be called a state of nature , we should be able to discover what was the natural limitation of the evil to which we were now subject ; and what the kind of corrective which administered itself . He was not examining whether it was wise to commit ourselves to this state of nature ; he was now only investigating principles , that we might thus obtain some light to guide us amidst those difficulties of our own artificial system , in which our understandings seemed to be lost . His second case would be , the actual case of this country before the cash payments of the Bank were suspended ; and his third , our case at present . First , then , he would suppose , that we were paying in cash , and that we had no usury laws and no law forbidding the melting or exportation of coin ; the kingmerely 900 affixing his stamp to those pieces of gold which were the current circulating medium ,