Committee . With respect to the early precedents of sickness incapacitating members , adduced by the hon . gent. , he had only to observe , that all later experience of the practice of the House was of an opposite nature . in consequence of his notice , rose to move , That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the expediency of the exemption from Toll granud to Mail Coaches in Great Britain . He observed , that very serious injury was sustained throughout ail parts of the kingdom by this exemption , but more particularly in Scotland , in the north and west of England , and in Wales . The complaint was , that heavy carriages passed up and down the various turnpike roads without contributing to their repair and maintenance . By these mail coaches great facilities were given to commerce , and the revenue obtained an addition of 380,000l . ; but the burden fell upon the trustees of the turnpike roads . In Scotland the hardship was peculiarly severe . There were ten mails running through 19 or 20 Scotch counties , and affecting the rate to the amount of 6,885l . annually ; in some in- 684 stances depriving the roads of a third and even half of what they would otherwise obtain . The case was much the same in Northumberland , Cumberland , Westmoreland , Cornwall , Devonshire , & c. There were 220 mail coaches . They ran about 10,000 miles a day ; and the annual loss to the trustees of the roads by their exemption from toll , amounted at least to 50,000l . If it were said that the revenue would suffer in the event of abolishing the exemption , he would reply that such an argument ought not to be urged against an injury such as he had described . But it was not necessary that the revenue should suffer . He understood that the profits of the proprietors of the mail coaches were immense , and he did not see why they might not bear a part of the burden . At any rate , in proportion to the advantage which the revenue might derive from the exemption , was the injury which the roads sustained : and he knew there were many parts of the country in which persons bad been deterred from making new roads by this consideration alone . Convinced that the exemption was partial and oppressive , he moved for the appointment of a Committee . seconded the motion , and repeated the arguments of the noble lord . In Ireland the mail coaches paid the toll , and why not in this country ? If it were apprehended that it might prove an impediment to the rapidity with which the mail travelled , such an inconvenience would be obviated by an arrangement , enjoining the Post-office to pay the trustees of the roads quarterly . He was persuaded , that the exemption prevented the formation of new roads , particularly in Scotland ; and instanced a case , in which it had induced him to advise a forbearance from an undertaking of that nature . was of opinion that the House would not be disposed favourably to consider the present proposition , when they recollected the length of time which had elapsed since the exemption was first established . Twenty-five years ago that measure had passed the legislature , but in this long interval , no application had been made for redress , a pretty convincing proof that the injury sustained had not been of a very serious nature . Antecedently to the establishment of mail coaches the post was exempt from toll . An hon . bart . was , he was persuaded , rather singular in his advice , to refrain from the construc- 685 tion of a new road , on the ground that the mail coach would pass upon it toll free . The fact was , that wherever a road , on which a mail could travel , could be made with any advantage , there were always numerous applications that it might be made