agree to an adjournment in the present instance , as he had himself given notice of a motion upon Exchequer Bills . If the noble lord thought proper , he might postpone his motion to a future clay . thought , that no member should omit an opportunity of exposing the inconvenience resulting from the late arrangement introduced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . It was generally understood that Wednesday was not a day of business , and the absence of the Attorney and Solicitors-General had placed the noble lord in an extraordinary situation , for he must now postpone his motion until after the orders of the day were disposed of , or bring it on in the absence of those gentlemen who were principally interested in the discussion . agreed to withdraw the motion of adjournment , and said , that in the course of the evening he would name a day for the motion he had noticed for this night.—The noble lord afterwards gave notice , that it was his intention to persist in his motion to-morrow . said , he , was sorry that in courtesy to him the motion of the noble lord had been postponed ; he was unavoidably detained to that moment , and it was the first time that such a thing had happened to him . said , that it was not his intention to enter into any lengthened discussion at the present moment ; if it should be thought necessary that such discussion should take place , an opportunity would occur in some future stage . He should now state the sum to be funded in Exchequer Bills , the day in which tenders should be received , and the amount to be paid in stock . He was desirous of trying this year , whether the funding in the five percents might not be carried to a greater extent that it was last year . The amount was then 8,000,000 , which he should change in the present year to 12,000,000 . He should propose that all bills issued from the 1st day of April 1810 , to the 16th day of March , 1811 , and carried to the Exchequer between the 21st and 27th of this month , 367 should be entitled , for every 100l . sterling , to 103l . 14s . 7d . out of the 5 per cents . At the period of the last loan the 5 per cents . were in the morning of that day at 97 , since then there was no great change . This day they were 97¼ . Calculating the sum at 101l 7s . 4d . and the interest at 7s . the person would have a bonus of 14s . This he trusted would be considered sufficient encouragement . He concluded with moving two Resolutions , the first providing , That every person who brought bills issued from the 1st of April 1810 , the 16th of March 1811 , and carried the same to the Exchequer between the 21st and 27th of this month , should be entitled to receive for every 100l . 103l . 14s . 7d . the interest commencing in January last , to be paid out of the consolidated fund . The second Resolution provided that the issue of Exchequer Bills should not exceed 12 millions . After a few words from Mr. Baring , the House resumed , and the Report was ordered to be received to-morrow . asked if there was any alteration in the Bill since last year ? stated , that the only material alteration was giving a discretionary power to Courts Martial , either to inflict corporal punishment , or to sentence to imprisonment.—The House then resolved itself into a Committee on the Bill . suggested an alteration in a part of the Articles of War , which , however , he did not mean to press at the present moment . By one of the Articles , the Judge Advocate ( in cases where there was no private prosecutor ) was directed to prosecute at Courts Martial in the name of