. '' He then had no undue bias against them ; he at least might be heard as a competent and impartial judge as to the manner in which this power was to be executed , as to the nature of the offence against which it ought to be exclusively employed . He wished the House to attend to the words , and to bear in mind that they were the words of the defender of the powers at the very moment that he was vindicating them from the charge of illegality and supporting the necessity of their existence . He says then , `` the object of the King 's own prosecutions filed Ex Officio by his own Attorney General are properly such enormous misdemeanors as peculiarly tend to disturb or endanger his government , or to molest him , or affront him in the discharge of his royal functions . For offences so high and dangerous , in the punishment or prevention of which a moment 's delay would be fatal , the law has given to the Crown the power of an immediate prosecution . '' Here then was the admission of its supporter in aid of the argument drawn from the nature of so summary a proceeding , and from the authority of Lord Hale , that it was a power peculiarly liable to abuse ; that if legal , if expedient , if useful , it was only so upon extraordinary and urgent occasions : that it was a weapon to be drawn only in moments of danger , but that could not be wielded on every sight occasion , without injury to the society . By this criterion , by judge 140 Blackstone 's own definition , let the late exercise of it be tried . Had it been a Goliath 's sword which had never quitted the temple , but on great and critical occasions ? Had it led to immediate punishments ? His inquiries gave rise to a very different suspicion . He thought he could perceive in the frequency and nature of their exercise , that as informations had formerly been perverted from their lawful purposes to those first of extortion , and then of vexation , they had now been distorted to means of influence . If they were intended for the prosecution of offences in the punishment of which one moment 's delay would be fatal , how and why did it happen that , between the filing of the information and the trial , not moments , not days , not terms , but months , and even years elapsed ? How did it happen that after trial and conviction , weeks , months , and indefinite periods were suffered to elapse without bringing the criminals to judgment ? Was not this a ground of suspicion ? If this mode of proceeding had been resorted to , not for the punishment of offences , but for the prevention of lawful opposition in the periodical press what other symptoms of that abuse would appear , but a long period between accusation and trial , between conviction and punishment ? The power was confided for the better prosecution of enormous misdemeanours ; had it not been used for the purpose of terrifying writers into compromise , compliance , and servility ? These were surmises indeed , but they were surmises founded on facts which he would broadly state to the House . He meant the fact of increased frequency of Ex Officio Informations . He had procured an account , and it appeared that for seven years inclusive the Ex Officio Informations filed had been 14 ; that within the last 3 years there had been 42 . What ! had enormous misdemeanours , had offences in the punishment of which a moment 's delay would be fatal , increased in a ratio of 8 to 1 in the course of these last three years , and if not , was there not reason to suspect abuse , when the principle on which the power of filing such informations was so notoriously and evidently departed from ? If he was