was the duty of the government to take the best means of keeping that army regularly supplied . Now , as to recruiting the army , there was but one line of conduct to pursue , and that was , to make the local militia subservient to the regular militia , and the regular militia to the army of the line ; so that , in case of emergency , the country might have a well-disciplined force to look to . That was the best mode to be adopted . He had seen in former wars the practical benefit of such a system . The men raised by recruiting from the militia were well appointed , good soldiers , and fought well . He wished to impress on the attention of the colonels of militia that such was the case , and they must take a pride in it . It was such men as fought at Barrosa , at Alexandria , at Maida , and elsewhere that composed the armies . With regard to any dissatisfaction among the officers that the motion was not agreed to , he knew them too well to apprehend any thing of the sort : they were brave and intrepid in fight—cool , and inured to suffer , they would not complain ; for the reasons he had staled , therefore , he suggested to the hon . general to withdraw his motion for the present . supported the motion , and contended that the present pay was very inadequate to the maintenance of the class of officers , the subject of the motion . Much had been said of honour , but would honour buy a man a coat ? The hon . bart . adverted to the estimates for the army , and said that many errors were in those estimates ; that many of the regiments had not the complements therein stated , consequently that the public were defrauded . This , he said , he could shew the House . With respect to the increase of pay , it could not amount in the year , by his calculation , to more than 47,000l.—a sum which was not an object to the public . He thought that some of the expences of the army establishment might be avoided ; for instance , the cavalry might be reduced ; there was no occasion to keep a force of that description of 17,600 men ; a reduction of 2,000 would save 100,000l . annually . was in favour of the mo- 708 tion , because there was among the officers what all must lament , a degree of distress incompatible with the character of the officers of the British army . thought that the object of the House should not be confined to the consideration of what was reasonably sufficient to the comfort and convenience of the army , but what was a sufficient inducement to men to enter into the profession . In another point of view it appeared to him that the nice honour of the military character , and the universal respect paid to it , afforded a material compensation for the necessary difficulties attending it . He had , however , no objection to the proposal of referring the consideration to a Committee . entertained a similar opinion , and suggested for the consideration of his Majesty 's government , whether some alteration would not be desirable in the naval service with respect to the attainment of rank . It was to be observed , a considerable time elapsed before an officer , however high his merits could rise , unless he had friends at the Board . He had known a midshipman obtain no higher rank for a period of 25 years , and yet he was an excellent officer . He thought that the system of gradation and succession should be adopted in our service . said , that what he had heard advanced against his motion , appeared to him of so little weight , that he could not consent to withdraw it . rose to bring forward a motion upon the subject of Free