suddenly pressed upon them for payment ; that the solvency of the Bank of England , indeed of all banks , as far as cash payments are concerned , has always rested upon the presumption , that the demands upon them for gold would be confined within certain limits . This understanding is the foundation of the banking system , and whoever takes a bank-note , must be understood to accept it subject to the contingency that a case may arise , the consequence of public calamity and alarm , which would render it impossible for the Bank to continue to supply a circulating medium to the country , paying , at the same time , its notes in cash . Such was the actual case in 1797 , from a combination of causes , principally arising from internal alarm ; the drain of gold became excessive , and so rapidly augmenting , that it was apprehended , if a remedy were not immediately applied , the Bank , with resources largely exceeding all demands upon it , would have been exhausted of its specie , and compelled to discontinue its functions . Its outstanding notes coming in to discharge the securities upon which they were issued , would have liquidated all claims upon the Bank ; but the Bank could no longer have ventured to re issue them , subject to payment being demandable in gold . The Bank , under such circumstances , must have ceased to act , and , with the Bank of England , all private establishments . The country would thus have been left without any circulating medium , except the coin withdrawn which , always forming but an inconsiderable proportion of our mixed circulation , would , in a great measure , have been hoarded , as a considerable portion actually was under the then existing alarm , and the whole industry and transactions of the community must have been convulsed from the want of an adequate circulating medium . It is obvious that the law , which makes the standard coin the only legal lender , on the part of the Bank of England , in discharge of their notes , proceeded upon the supposition of a natural state of things . It never could have been intended , under extraordinary circumstances , to enforce impossibilities ; and the rights of persons , tinder that law , must be considered as circumscribed within certain practicable 994 limits . It can not be the right of a portion of the community , holding such securities , by being the first to press forward for payment , to take a benefit which can not be partaken of by others similarly entitled . A modification of the right becomes , therefore , necessary for the purposes of justice , and the interest of the whole . The power of applying that modification must rest with the legislature , and the only question which can arise , at such a moment , is , whether an adequate necessity did exist , to justify a temporary suspension of the money system of the country . If so , parliament is competent , in this , as in all other instances , to provide for the public interest . Parliament did so provide in the year 1797 ; the necessity was of a description that admitted of no alternative , and it is of the very essence of the contract , on which a circulation such as ours rests , that it should be subject to such a modification . I trust I have proved , that the passing of the Restriction Bill was no breach of public faith , and that it was called for by the necessity of the case . It has been since continued by successive acts of parliament , the last enacting , that it shall endure till six months after a definitive treaty of peace . I have been the more solicitous to defend the character of this measure against the obloquy to which it has been exposed , considering it to be one of those conservative remedies , to which ,