upon record , the points or principles of law , which shall form , in future , the grounds of each of its judicial decisions ? '' opposed the motion , on the ground that it was not applicable to the present stage of the proceeding , the object for consideration being simply what means should be adopted to do that which had evidently become necessary , namely , to expedite the judicial business of the House . When the committee made their report , it would then be for the House to determine finally what measures should be adopted . The motion was negatived . rose , agreeably to notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual the Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade . He moved , that the Resolution of the House of the 10th of June 1806 , be read ; and the same was read as follows : `` Resolved , 234 That this House , conceiving the African Slave Trade to be contrary to the principles of justice , humanity , and sound policy , will , with all practicable expedition , proceed to take effectual measures for abolishing the said trade , in such manner , and at such period , as may be deemed advisable . '' He also moved , That the Resolution of the House , of the 15th of June , in the last session of parliament , respecting the Slave Trade , be read : And the same was read , as follows : `` Resolved , nem . con . That this House has learnt , with great surprise and indignation , the attempts which have recently been made to evade the prohibitions of the Act abolishing the African Slave Trade ; and that this House will , early in the next session of parliament , take into its consideration such measures as may tend effectually to prevent such daring violations of the law . `` —The resolutions being read , the hon . and learned gent . said that he now rose , in pursuance of the notice he had given , and of the resolutions which had just been read , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the more effectually preventing the dealing in slaves . When he remembered the almost unanimous feeling of the House on this subject , when the resolution which had been last read was come to ; when he reflected on the triumph with which the exertions of his hon . friend , the member for Yorkshire , had ultimately been crowned in this glorious struggle , he was induced to believe that it would scarcely be necessary for him to do more than to state , that , notwithstanding the acts of the legislature , notwithstanding the more recent resolution of that House expressive of their determination to see that act strictly enforced , still it appeared that there were persons who , in despite of their authority , did deal in this horrid trade , and did contrive to evade the penalties which they had imposed for the purpose of preventing it . He might appeal for the truth of this statement , to the evidence on the table of the House , and to various other sources of information which had come to his hands , and which were also known to many other members of the House , and which could leave no doubt whatever that a considerable traffic was still carried on in the trade in question , by subjects of this country , resident in our colonies . It would be better for him , however , instead of referring to the evidence generally , to notice one or two instances 235 which had come to his own knowledge , and which must satisfy any man , that the trade was persisted in , not only in defiance of the acts of the 46th and 47th of the king , but even in defiance of the last resolution of the House . In doing so , he should have a disagreeable