. I can only say that my own view of the subject , as published in 1798 , was very different , as will be seen from the following extract from a pamphlet of mine printed in that year . `` Great Britain , as the annexed tables will shew , derives the means for carrying on the war from the increasing manufactures and trade of her people , and from a commercial intercourse , beneficial to foreign countries at the same time that it adds to the wealth and prosperity of their , own . '' The sentiment here expressed is very much to the effect my hon . friend says it would be our true policy to profess . On the passages in his pamphlet , respecting the wages of valour , talent , industry , and labour , being paid in a depreciated currency , I forbear to comment for obvious reasons , beyond observing that 885 persons with intentions very different from those of my hon . friend , may make a most dangerous use of his authority ; as he places these inconveniences in a much stronger point of view than the Committee did . Other opinions of my hon . friend , though of less importance than those we have referred to , are still deserving of our notice : he says , `` There is not , therefore , nor can there be , any difference whatever , between any given coin , and an uncoined piece of the same metal of equal weight and fineness , except that the quantity of the former is accurately ascertained and publicly proclaimed to all the world by the stamp which it bears . '' And in another place , `` Every man has a right to receive a pound weight of standard gold for every 46l . 14s . 6d . of his just demand , because the pound is divided into 44½ guineas . '' On the law of this I am not now disposed to enter ; I could , indeed , add nothing to what has been ably argued by a professional gentleman of eminent talents * , but I would here again refer to the authority of Mr. Harris , for the practical inconvenience , which I have the less hesitation in doing , as he was a man of great eminence and learning who wrote in the middle of the last century . `` But although we are all agreed that gold and silver , like all other things , have increased or depreciated according as they grow scarce or in greater plenty ; and that the coins made of them do , in this sense , share the same fate with the bullion ; yet coins , as such , or as money , escape the fluctuations of markets , and the standard coins which are the measures of contracts are to be considered as having their value remaining permanent and unalterable : '' —of course , except by legal authority . Let us for a moment consider what would be the consequence if it were otherwise ; that is , if every man should be allowed to demand a pound weight of standard gold for every 46l . 14s . 6d . of his just demand . The perpetual inconvenience and uncertainty to which we should all be subject , in such a state of things , is evident . On every payment , the gold must be assayed to determine its fineness , the price of the day must be ascertained , the gold must be divided , weighed , & c. ; in short , under such a system , the inconvenience would be intolerable , and the confusion inextricable . * John Raithby , Esq . of Lincoln 's Inn . 886 From another observation of my hon . friend , `` that in whatever mode a subsidy be remitted , it must augment to that amount what is called the balance of trade , '' I must dissent : the contrary has been already shown from experience in the years of the largest expenditure