; but what discontent could be excited if the statement were not true , and proved not to be well founded ? Would it not be a satisfaction to men , placed in the glorious and honourable situation in which British soldiers were now placed , to know that if they suffered any grievance , there was one place at least to which they could look with confidence for justice ? Upon all these considerations , he should vote for the inquiry . , as the hon . member had charged him , as general of the district , with a breach of the articles of war , felt it necessary to trouble the House with a very few words . There was one part , and only one part of the statement of that hon . gent . in which he concurred , namely , that in which he bestowed praise on the hon . colonel of the Oxfordshire regiment . It did not , perhaps , become him to say what he felt on that occasion relative to that hon . officer , but he must remark , that the hon . gent . could not say too much of him , as he was as zealous , correct , attentive , and humane an officer as any in the service . This opinion he had expressed in the general orders as strongly as he could , both with respect to the colonel and lieut.-colonel of that regiment . The hon . gent . had accused him of not having listened to the appeal of corporal Curtis : he certainly had not listened to that appeal , because that person had not a right to make it . The article of war ( which the noble lord here read ) took away the appeal from a person found guilty of a military offence by a regimental court-martial . The general court-martial was for the trial of heinous offences , the regimental for petty offences . When the person , whose case was referred to was charged with a heinous offence , he appointed a general court-martial , but at the same time took care that no officer who had served on the regimental court-martial , 102 indeed that no officer of the regiment should serve upon the general court . He trusted , after what he had stated , that the House would consider him clear of the charge of having committed a breach of the articles of war . As to this man , he believes he went away from his colonel on the 25th of April , perfectly satisfied that his complaint was unfounded . On that day he signed his return , `` all well . '' In the following May , major-general Houston proceeded on his half-yearly inspection through the district . It was part of his duty to ask , whether any individual in the regiments inspected bad any complaints to make . This duty he knew was performed by that officer , and not a word of complaint was heard from any individual in the Oxfordshire regiment . As to what had been said about Bellis and Reeve having been forced out of the country , he should only say , that there was no foundation for the charge . When their conduct was known , he did not order a court-martial . Ha directed the major-general to inquire into the circumstances , and on his report had brought the men to a court-martial . With respect to the treatment of the man in prison , he had certainly ordered the mob , for mob he would call them , not to be admitted to him : but he at the same time directed that his friends and witnesses should have free access to him , and that he should be allowed the use of pen , ink , and paper . But to shew more clearly with what indulgence and lenience he had been treated , he need only say , that on the 8th of July , the mob having entered into a subscription to enable him to employ counsel