enlarging or abridging the circulation of the country , could be vested in men who would use it with more prudence and wisdom than the Bank of England ; but in looking at this power as a member of Parliament , he viewed it independent 980 of any considerations respecting the persons in whom such power was to be vested ; and viewing it in this light it appeared to him as a power that enabled a single corporate body to change , at will , the relative proportion which the real money of the country should bear to all other commodities whatever . He should not stop now to consider the vast consequences that might one time result from the political effects of the exercise of such a power in bad or imprudent hands . It had been said that the active part of the community would suffer by the measure proposed . He certainly would allow that there were inconveniences attached to it ; but he thought that inconvenience should at all times be submitted to in deference to strict justice , especially as he agreed with an hon . gent . who spoke on the preceding night , that the very inconvenience had a tendency to correct itself . The contract for the payment of money was a stipulation as to the quantity fixed and invariable , altogether independent of the circumstances of the time at which it is so contracted to be paid . If he had not already wearied the Committee , he could cite to them various ancient precedents of contracts , wherein it was stipulated , that if , owing to any intervention of untoward public events , the obligee could not be paid by money in tale , that he should be paid in so many ounces of silver in standard weight and fineness . It had been said , in allusion to what had been already known of his sentiments , that he wanted to injure credit . No man could be more anxious than he was to see the proper commercial credit of the country established on its proper basis , or the paper currency carried further . When paper was convertible into coin , he thought it the best model of circulation in a country like this . Here he felt it necessary to observe , that there were two kinds of banks , the one such as those of the continent , merely banks of deposit ; the other banks of discount ; and the Bank of England when its paper was convertible into coin , combined all the advantages of the deposit and discount banks together . He looked upon it as the most perfect model that had yet been discovered ; and thought that as long as it served its proper purpose , it roust be of the greatest possible service to the community at large . But when it came to be restrained in its cash payments , he could not admit there was the same state 981 of security or of advantage to the public . With respect to what had fallen from his right hon . friend , respecting the injury likely to result from certain statements in a publication of his ( Mr. Huskisson ) , as his right hon . friend acquitted him of every culpable intention , it would not be necessary for him to enter into any vindication of his motives . But when his right hon . friend spoke of some of the passages as having a tendency to degrade the national character , he thought that his right hon . friend was bound in candour to have pointed out those passages which struck him in so objectionable a point of view . This , however , he ( Mr. Huskisson , ) would say , however unwilling he was to provoke such a charge , that if such a currency could be made a legal tender , without reference to a fixed standard , it Would amount to a breach of the public faith—it seemed , however , that he had given offence by his comparison in