the established church . The case of this private had been communicated by a Mr. Vernon , a barrister to the earl of Harrington , and almost immediately on that noble earl having received the communication , orders were issued by him for discontinuing such practices , and for faithfully adhering in this respect to the general orders which 385 long before had been issued respecting the permission to allow Roman Catholic soldiers to attend Divine Service , as performed by the clergy of their own persuasion ; and these fresh instructions were issued in terms so clear and significant as to do infinite credit to that gallant , honourable and honest man . These occurrences took place in the beginning of January of the present year.—He should now refer to another case which happened at a remoter period ; but which equally went to prove the injustice , the cruelty , and the tyranny of preventing Roman Catholics or other dissenters from following the suggestions of their own conscience in matters of religion , or from compelling them to attend other religious rites , from which their consciences recoiled . This case happened in Sicily at the close of the year 1809 . Among the British troops serving in that island , were two regiments which were principally composed of Irish Roman Catholics . They had no opportunity of receiving spiritual instruction or consolation , as though Roman Catholic priests abounded in the island , none of them understood English . It happened , however , about that time , that two Roman Catholic Irish priests were accidentally in Sicily , and to those gentlemen several of the Irish Roman Catholic soldiers applied for spiritual consolation , especially when any of their comrades were on the point of death . Such a request they could not refuse ; and they accordingly proceeded to Messina , where the troops were garrisoned , who solicited their ministerial assistance . Would their lordships believe , that the governor of Messina was instructed , by orders from sir John Stuart , not to allow the clergymen to attend the soldiers ; and that the clerygymen were even ordered to take their departure from that place , and not to proceed to any place or port where Irish Roman Catholic soldiers were in garrison ? Here then , were these unfortunate men deprived of that assistance , which , under the pressure of sorrow and of sickness , can afford relief and consolation to the human mind . On the cruelty and tyranny of such proceedings , it were superfluous to enlarge ; he must only say , in justice to that gallant officer , sir J. Stuart , that he did not act from his own impulse , but from the instructions of government at home . To shew the impolicy of such conduct , a word or two would suffice ; he already had observed , that the 386 British ranks were principally filled with , and recruited from dissenters , and of the dissenters from the established church , chiefly Irish Roman Catholics . Were their lordships aware how the number of dissenters daily increased ? If they were ignorant of it , he would inform them , and shew that for the first 15 years of his present Majesty 's reign , there were not in this kingdom more than 3,250 dissenting meeting-houses . In the succeeding 15 years of his Majesty 's reign , that number had increased to 6,512 such meetinghouses ; and taking into the calculation the period that since followed , the number of dissenting meeting-houses now in this kingdom amounted to no less than 13,100 . Of the impolicy and danger , therefore , of alienating the affections of so large and useful a class of his Majesty 's subjects , their lordships would no doubt seriously consider . To him , at least , it was an alarming consideration , and in order to perform what he conceived to be his duty under such circumstances , he should now move a Proviso to the Bill , the substance of which was nearly the same