, he should always consider himself bound to resist every engagement of pleasure , and every engagement which could be avoided of business , for the purpose of attending his parliamentary duty . He repeated , however , that he particularly regretted the necessity of his absence on Friday , as he should have concurred most cheerfully and most cordially in the vote of that day . He should have been enabled to bestow praise even on ministers—a praise which they had never before received from him—for their selection of a general whose conduct had so fully justified the confidence that had been re-posed in him . He should also have been happy on that occasion to state , that , not Withstanding the doubts which had formerly existed ' in his mind , arising from his ignorance of the particulars of lord 783 Wellington 's proceedings in Portugal , notwithstanding the hesitation which those doubts had occasioned , notwithstanding he had fancied that some parts of those proceedings were questionable , now that the whole was developed , and proved to be the combinations of a masterly plan , be most willingly acknowledged the noble lord 's great talents , and paid him the just tribute of his admiration . He would even have followed the example of a young and eloquent member of that House , although without allowing the premises on which that hon . member founded his remark ; without admitting that any of the envy of lord Wellington 's military talents , to which that hon . member alluded , existed in the House or the country , he would still say with him , that , `` Invidiam gloria superavit . '' Al the same time , and notwithstanding the splendour of recent events , ministers ought to conduct themselves with the moderation which became success , and never to lose sight of the principle—a principle which he had ever maintained , and which he should over maintain—that the only legitimate object , of every war , and of this above all other wars—an object which ought to be the nearest and the dearest to government , in the present oppressed state of the country and the world—was peace . Every endeavour ought to be made to render the late successes available to that end . How this could best be done was not for him to consider ; but it was his sincere feeling , that it was a contemplation which ought ever to be uppermost in the minds of government . was-persuaded , that having agreed to a similar vote on a former occasion , the Committee would not be disposed to withhold from Sicily the proposed assistance during the continuance of the war , and its attendant distresses . He could not forbear expressing his deep regret at the sentiments uttered by the hon . gent . with respect to Sicily . If any one thing could render it more difficult than another to render British arms serviceable in defence of the country , it was to set the government and the people of that country in opposition to each other . Such language , therefore , as that used by the hon . gent , was little calculated to promote the general cause The object of the subsidy to Sicily , and of British protection , namely , that of keeping Sicily independent of France , had hitherto been completely attained ; 784 and he deprecated every mode of conduct by which the success of that object might be endangered.—Adverting to the observations made by the hon . gent , on the vote of the House on Friday last , he declared his satisfaction at the sentiments which the hon . gent , had expressed , and which were , as honourable to himself , as they were to the object of his applause . The approbation of the hon . gent , was more unreserved than could have been expected , even from his liberality ; and he was happy in the testimony which the hon . gent . bore to the judgment of ministers in their choice of