strictly correct , but which , however , would be gathered from the Register 's Book in the court of Chancery , stated that suits had been so long before that court , that many persons interested therein had died before the termination of them : more than half of the property , the object of litigation , was consumed in carrying on the suit , and the survivors having no right to the property when the case was at length heard . When , therefore , such grievances were proved to exist , it became the duty of the legislature to apply the remedy , and he called upon the House now so to do . The public contributed enough for doing what actually was not done . The exorbitant sums paid for fees on trials , evidently shewed that at least the public were entitled to have justice . It might be said , that the second 262 lord at the head of the court employed the whole of his time in giving his attention to the cases before him . Why , so he did , but was it possible for any man , however eminent his abilities or sedulous his attention—however anxious to dispose of the business of his court , when it had increased so much , could he do what a judge had done 50 years before , when the number of the cases was nothing in comparison with the present time In former times , in cases of bankruptcy only , namely , in 1731 , just before lord Talbot was made lord chancellor , the commissions sued out in that year amounted to 160 ; they , notwithstanding the prosperity of the country ( about which so much had been vaunted by gentlemen opposite ) , in 1809 amounted to 1,100 ; and in the present year , as he was informed , to upwards of 2,400 ! Besides this accumulation , there were those of wills , settlements , and a variety of other cases , which came under the cognizance of the court , to an amount four or five times greater than in lord Hardwicke 's time . Was it possible , then , for one judge to get through such an immensity of business ? With every respect for lord Eldon , whom he had known for many years , it was in his opinion impossible , however desirous he might be of doing his duty to the public , to get through it . In moving for the committee , he assured the House he meant nothing invidious to the noble lord . He asked merely for justice for the public . How were they to get redress ? In former times , in strict conformity with the letter of the constitution , our ancestors had wisely provided for that redress by appointing what was termed `` a committee of courts of justice . '' It was established in order that the subject might have recourse to it for redress . But even this committee was a thing unknown to the legislature now . The oldest officers of the House had not the least recollection of the sitting of such a committee , therefore that mode of obtaining redress was now entirely done away . In cases of appeal , in the highest court in the kingdom , tardy was the progress of justice there , for the reasons before stated . He was informed that at this time there were 300 appeals waiting for hearing in the order and course in which they were set down . The number of causes heard ill one year were not more than thirteen ; of course , unless some provision was made by the legislature for the disposing of them , 20 years would not be sufficient time for hearing 263 them . Did not this circumstance call for a remedy for the evil ? It might be said , what hopes could he entertain of obtaining redress for the subject , when men of splendid talents and great abilities could not avert the evil complained of ? To