people : '' and also `` that the people can never regain their right to petition the House during the remainder of this long and misguided reign . '' All those passages he contended were gross libels on the hon . bart . ; particularly the last.—The whole of the argument of the noble lord who brought forward the motion resolved itself into this , that there had been a greater number of prosecutions for libels of late than formerly . This had been satisfactorily answered by the observations of his hon . and learned friend , from the greater number of periodical papers that were now published , which was likely to be followed by an increase of libels . There was a spirit in many political writings at present , which was peculiarly dangerous , and required to be carefully watched and put down if possible . It was not confined to the attack of this nor that administration , but was hostile to the very constitution itself . Attempts were made to calumniate the very system of the government itself , and particularly in regard to the army , on which the safety of the country so greatly depended . It was an ominous circumstance with regard to the present period , that the press had teemed with more libels on that very point than on any other . To give the House some idea of the astonishing multitude of periodical publications , he would mention , that in last January alone , there were no fewer than 2,037,000 stamps for newspapers issued from the Stamp-Office . Under such circumstances , 605 taken altogether , the mildness and moderation with which the powers of the Attorney General had been exercised , really appeared as manifest as their legality . observed , that all that was sought for on the present occasion , was the means of investigation . The public mind was greatly interested in the present question ; and very properly , for the liberty of the press was the best birthright of an Englishman , and what perhaps , he had most to depend upon for the maintenance of all his other rights . To his certain knowledge , in consequence of the numerous prosecutions lately instituted , an alarm had gone abroad that struck such a terror into the booksellers , that when a person very lately offered a pamphlet to the London booksellers , displaying the most nefarious practices in certain gaols in Ireland that ever disgraced a civilized country ; offering also to prove them by affidavits , he could not get a publisher . This fact struck him with alarm ; for if the abuses of power were not to be exposed , then there was every danger of their being practiced with impunity . thought that no instances of an improper use of the powers of the Attorney General had been produced , and could not therefore support the motion of his noble friend . declared , that he would not enter upon the general question which had been that night the subject of discussion , but would shortly state his reasons for the vote which he should give in favour of the motion . The object of it was merely for an account of the number of ex officio Informations that had . been filed within a certain number of years back . Now , really , when it was considered , that these were professedly prosecutions instituted by the government , for the public service , and at the public ex-pence , one would think that there must be very strong reasons indeed for not ac-ceding to the production of the account moved for . Every thing that had been said by his hon . and learned friend , the Attorney-General , afforded the strongest reasons for granting the information that was now sought for . Public prosecutions ought never to be matters of secrecy , and particularly prosecutions relating to the liberty of the press , which was the great safeguard of all our privileges , civil , religious or political . The strongest grounds , then