would tell the House , why he considered himself as equally responsible . It was because he was conscious that none of the ministers would have gone up and taken his Majesty 's pleasure on any business , unless the whole of the cabinet , upon the opinions of the physicians , had been convinced that he was in such a state of health as to have rendered it criminal in them to refrain from doing that for which they were now accused.—The hon . gent . was greatly mistaken , if he thought he could prove the facts stated . He was enabled to disprove many of his assumed facts , and to convince the House that lord Eldon was not the only minister of the crown who had access to his Majesty from the 12th of February to the 23rd of April . The opinions of the whole of the ministers were taken , and he assured the House that not one of his colleagues would have had access to his Majesty , if , in the judgment of the whole taken collectively , it was not only thought justifiable , but necessary to do the acts charged . If they had not done those acts , they would be justly held criminal in a constitutional point of view . That he should be prepared to prove what he had 70 asserted , was beyond a doubt . With respect to the precise period at which competence for business was to be presumed , the definition of the hon . gent . was much too large ; as it would cover not only the period of the least remains of disease , but even that of recovery . This , however , was not a foundation on which he would rest much ; he had better grounds to stand upon . The hon . gent . was then ( in 1801 ) as now , an ornament of the House—and these facts were then fully in his view . ( Hear ! hear ! from Mr. Whitbread , and others ) . He hoped the hon . gent . would not alledge in his reply , that it was not perfectly understood then , that his Majesty 's disorder was of the same description as that with which he had been afflicted in 1789 , and which led to the parliamentary proceeding of that period . The fact that Dr. Simmons had been called in was notorious : and if the hon . gent . regarded these things in the same light as he did now , it was a gross neglect of duty in him not to have at that time called ministers to account . Why did the hon . gent . pass over the matter at the time ? If this doctrine was to prevail ; if they were to listen to such accusations preferred six or seven years after the date of the transactions , he would have a just right to charge the hon . gent . and the House with a design to entrap ministers . Having made these preliminary observations , he would now come to the main basis of his defence . The nature of the evidence of the physicians taken before the Lords was notorious : the matter , therefore , was already substantially before the House , and they had to judge whether such a prima facie charge was made out against the administration of 1801. , as to call for a parliamentary inquiry . With regard to Dr. Heberden 's evidence , if it was to be taken merely as given before the Lords , it might be considered as affording some colour , though not a real foundation , for this charge . Dr. Heber-den had stated before the Committee of Lords , that he had been called in on the 12th of February , 1804 , and that his Majesty presided at council on the 23d of April ; the interval he considered as the extent of the disease . When pressed with the question whether the malady extended over the whole period , he