, but as compared with the actual circulation , affords a clear and convincing proof of its depreciation . The great and paramount standard of all value , Sir , is corn ; and in order to enable the Committee to form an estimate by this standard , I shall beg leave to call the attention of gentlemen to the extravagant rise which has within the last few years taken place in the prices of that article . For the sake of greater precision and to avoid any possible cavil , I propose to leave out of my consideration , the prices in those years in which any considerable scarcity has been felt . It appears , from the Appendix to the Bullion Report , that , from the year 1771 to the year 1785 inclusive , a period of 15 years , the average price of wheat , was 46s . per quarter . I ' also appears that from 1786 to 1797 inclusive , being a period of twelve years , the average was 52s. , but omitting the years 1795 and 1796 , . which were years of peculiar scarcity , the average was 47s . and 2d . Since the year 1797 , however , a very different rate of increase will be found to have taken place , from that which existed between the two periods I first mentioned , as will be seen from the statement I am now about to submit to he Committee . During the period of twelve years from 1797 to 1798 inclusive , omitting altogether the two years 1800. and 1801 as years of scarcity , the average price of the quarter of wheat was 71s . ; and if the two years of scarcity were in- 811 cluded would amount to 79s . ( hear ! hear ! ) What facts can possibly be required more strongly and indubitably to prove the in-contestible depreciation of the currency ? What evidence more decisive of that circumstance can be produced than that , whilst the precious metals , the practical measure , and bread corn , the real standard of all value , have maintained their due proportion towards each other , and both have equally risen as compared with our circulating medium , that such circulating medium is depreciated precisely to the motto of the rise of those real standards above its actual value ? An unfavourable state of foreign trade has , I am very ready to admit , a strong tendency to lower the rate of foreign exchanges ; but the ' influence of this cause must necessarily be confined within certain limits . Admitting for the sake of the argument , however , what I know not to be the case in fact , that the whole of the existing depression of exchanges is a real depression without any reference whatever to the depreciation of our currency , yet I must most strenuously deny , that such a depression of our exchanges could possibly have the effect of raising the price of gold . It will be readily admitted to me , even by the most violent opposers of the principles laid down and asserted in the Bullion Report , that the foreign exchanges have during the last century been subject to occasional and considerable depressions : yet I challenge any gentleman to produce a single instance during the whole of that period in which the depression of the rates of exchange has had the effect of enhancing the price of gold . I can upon this point appeal with confidence to the papers upon our table : I can refer to the return made from the mint of the prices of gold for the last hundred years , and I am prepared to contend , that the result of the most diligent examination of . its contents will be to prove that the alterations to which the exchanges may have been subject during that period have never produced any corresponding effect An the prices of bullion . Yet , Sir , the present depressed state of the exchanges ( unexampled as it is in the