of which , there were 1,200 recruiting parties out in the country , instead of 500 , and by which a much larger number of men than usual had been produced . He agreed , however , that if Mr. Windham 's plan had been allowed to operate , there was every probability that it would have operated very favourably to the recruning service , and decidedly objected to the mode now adopted , of giving an option of limited service , or service for life , conceiving that those , mixed terms of service had an unfavourable effect upon the army . Under existing circumstances , he conceived the present to be the only measure that could be adopted , nor could he consent to estimate the waste in the army at 21,000 men . In 1808 there was a great loss of men in the north of Spain , and in 1809 in the Walcheren expedition , the effects of which continued to operate in 1810 , all contributing to increase the waste in the army ; but there was no reason to expect the operation of similar circumstances again ; and therefore 19,000 men , the estimated produce of this measure , combined with the ordinary recruiting , might be considered fully sufficient , or more than sufficient , to supply the annual waste in the army . could not but regret to see the Militia so broken in upon as it must be by the present Bill ; but his chief objection was to the clause which went to convert it from a temporary into a permanent measure . The noble , lord took occasion , highly to extol Mr. Windham 's plan which had exceeded in its operation the sanguine expectation of his friends : but the present measure would totally destroy all the benefits which that Salutary plan was calculated to produce , By making it perpetual , instead of temporary , it was proceeding upon principles diametrically opposite to those which he had ever maintained respecting matters of that nature ; and so far , therefore , it must have his most decided negative . defended the Bill , and observed , that the ballot was not to operate till the year 1813 , and that , therefore , the competition in the market between the bounty substitutes , and the bounty in ordinary recruiting , could , in the mean time , exist . observed , with 737 respect to leaving out the provision for the families of enlisted men and substitutes , that , it would not practically make much difference , as their families must still be provided for as paupers . He thought it would be better to enact , that provision should be made for the families of those who had not received a higher bounty than twelve guineas . took that opportunity of stating , that the average waste of the army in time of peace was between 12,000 and 13,000 , inclusive of the foreign service . The average waste during times of active warfare was 23,000 , so that the 10,000 men which was to be supplied from the militias of England , Scotland , and Ireland , would cover the difference of the waste of the army in time of peace and war . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Grand Southern Canal Bill . felt if his duty to oppose the Bill , on the ground of its being the proposition of a certain number of speculating individuals , who were totally unconnected with great interests of the county ; and because it was in direct contradiction to the wishes , the opinions , and the interests of the principal land holders . He hoped the House would not countenance this Bill , which was part of a system now very much acted on of pushing forward measures contrary to the sense of the great majority of the chiefly interested : he therefore would propose as Amendment , `` That this bill be read a second time this day six months . '' denied that the Bill