unless he was to be at liberty to prove the correctness of his statements ? By the reasoning of the hon . and learned gentleman , all was to be taken for granted which was asserted on his part , whilst every thing was to be questioned which was advanced by the other hon . member . With respect to the hon . colonel who had been adverted to ( colonel G. Langton ) , he would be the last man whom he should suspect of being guilty of the oppression , or of the other 100 charges implicated in this case . But , as far as he could collect from the statement of the hon . gentleman , the charges were directed not so much against the colonel or the lieutenant-colonel , as against the quarter-master of the Oxfordshire regiment . It appeared to him , however , that when charges were preferred by corporal Curtis against a commissioned officer , the colonel had no discretion , but to grant it . When this was refused , it was natural for the man to say that he had not justice done him . The next step was the appeal made to the commander of the district , which had been represented as mutiny . How an appeal to a superior officer could be construed into an act of mutiny , he was at a loss to conceive . When Curtis had preferred his charges , and thought he was to go to trial for having made then , he found he was to be tried for another offence . The being absent in coloured clothes more than a mile from quarters might be a military offence , but as not only corporal Curtis but all the men in the regiment were in the habit of going to Arundel , it was not to be expected by him that he should be tried for such an offence . This seemed to him to be a mere trick . What was the consequence ? He was deprived of his appeal to a general court-martial , which he would have had if his charges had been tried . He believed from the statement , that the general , in refusing the court-martial on the charges preferred by this man , had been guilty of a breach of the articles of war . As to the severity of the punishment and the cruelty of its nature , though fit topics to be discussed on another opportunity , they formed no part of the question under discussion , and it would be unfair to make them a part of this case . He , however , knew of no law , human or divine , that authorised the infliction of a punishment which human nature was unable to bear . It appeared in this case , that twelve days after one-fifth of the punishment had been inflicted , the individual was scarcely able to stand . It had been objected to the hon . member that he had dealt in insinuations : but it appeared to him , on the contrary , that the hon . and learned gentleman opposite had thrown out some heavy insinuations against the hon . mover of this question . It was strange , that , when it was admitted that there was no objection that this matter should be sifted to the bottom , the hon . gentleman should not be allowed to go 101 into the proof . Under these circumstances he could not content himself with giving a silent vote , after the unfair treatment which the hon . gentleman had received . The hon . gentleman , too , had said , that the individual had undergone a series of cruelties , that many of the witnesses had been tampered with , and others intimidated , and these facts he offered to prove . Such a statement was not to be met by a laugh , or aspersions on the character of the individual who made it . It had been said , that this proceeding was likely to create discontent in the army