the House should exceed that limitation ? The greatest compensation that could be given , was given by Mr. Burke 's Bill , and the army was now in a better condition than formerly , whatever might be said to the contrary . He was persuaded , that when they considered the mischief which might arise from setting afloat such ideas in both services as the motion was calculated to give rise to , and reflected how much better any change would come from another quarter than from a Committee , the House would agree with him in giving a negative to the motion . confessed that he was not convinced by the arguments of the noble lord either of the impropriety or unseasonableness of the motion made by the gallant general . He did not , therefore , then rise to defend observations which , in his opinion , remained unrefuted ; but , in one part of the noble lord 's speech he had complained of the ill effects to be apprehended from agitating the discussion of so delicate a subject in that place . This objection to motions originating on that side of the House was certainly by no means a novel one ; but it was not for that reason to be the less censured . It was one of those objections which was more to be resisted on account of the principle upon which it rested , than from any force actually in the objection itself . A member of parliament was not to be deterred from pursuing that line of conduct which his own conscientious sense of public duty pointed out to him . He was not to be diverted from that line of duty by vague charges of exciting discontent out of doors . If there was any use in the Commons House of Parliament , it was in the right and opportunity it afforded of discussing all public measures , and investigating all alleged grievances with the freedom of truth . And there could not be a more dangerous innovation upon one of their oldest and most essential privileges , than the attempt to resist the introduction of any question , by creating objections 705 against it out of the imaginary bad consequences which it was presumed would arise from its discussion . With respect to the motion before the House , the assertion of the gallant general , that the pay of the captains of the army had experienced no increase for the last hundred years , with the solitary exception of a shilling a day , was not contradicted by the noble lord , and was in itself a sufficient ground for the inquiry moved for . He was aware of the delicacy of such questions , but the present was not a new one ; an increase in the pay of a department of the navy had taken place within a few years . The increase now proposed would not exceed 80 or 90,000l . a year ; what was that sum to take out of the Treasury compared with the importance of the object to be effected ? A trifling economy in sundry parts of the different public estimates would more than pay the difference . The income tax , in his opinion , operated most harshly upon those officers who were out on foreign service , and whose private income was perhaps extremely confined . He thought that they , at least , should be exempted from that tax . He spoke in the hearing of those members of the government who had thought it necessary to raise their own salaries . He did not complain of this ; so far from it , that he believed it to have been absolutely necessary . Men high in public office , were so poorly paid by their respective salaries , that , while discharging great public trusts , they were living upon their own private fortunes ; therefore he did not complain of that increase , but he thought it was an argument by analogy in favour of the increase now sought for . The noble lord had