not been equal to its consumption , and this was clearly made manifest from the imports of grain during those periods . The price at which it was proposed to distil from sugar , would leave a fair competition between the two interests . Adverting to what had fallen from his hon . friend , as to the state of agriculture in Norfolk , he wished to observe , that so far from any depreciation having taken place , it was evident , that within the last two years , while the prohibition was going on , agriculture had materially increased . In proof of his assertion he need only state , that last year not less than 153 Inclosure Bills were passed , which of course , would improve the state of agriculture . In the present year 163 Bills of the same nature were passed for England alone , of which number 24 were for the county which gentlemen opposite wished the House to believe as the most depressed , namely , Norfolk . In Wales nineteen also were passed . To talk of danger , therefore , to the agricultural interests , was a mere phantom , for no danger was to be apprehended . Notwithstanding the passing of the bill , it was a fact that barley rose in price in the market . deprecated the idea that the Bill was called for in consequence of the scarcity of grain , and condemned the right hon . gent . for having introduced it originally as a permanent measure , which the hon . baronet contended he had done . considered this as one of the blessed effects of the Union , which to Ireland would be a disunion . The promoters of that measure had held out promises which were not fulfilled . They had promised a land flowing with milk and honey , but that promise was not to be found in the British constitution for Ireland . The House then divided : — presented a Petition , stating `` That several Freeholders and inhabitants of the county of Herts , in full county meeting assembled , conscious of the rights they possess of addressing and petitioning the House upon all public affairs , and impelled by a high sense of the duty they owe to themselves and to their country , beg leave to lay before the House their opinions and sentiments on the present defective state of the Representation of the people : to the wisdom and justice of the original design of convening in parliament the representatives of the people to deliberate and co operate with the sovereign and the peers upon every question of national concern , they give their unqualified approbation ; but when they take into their consideration the decay of some boroughs , once prosperous and well peopled , the rise and flourishing condition of other places , formerly of little note ; when they reflect upon the effects of the heavy and insupportable expence of elections , which closes the doors of the House to many of the best friends of their country , and robs it of their faithful service ; and when they recollect the manner in which a large portion of the members obtain and secure their seals in the House , they can not but be of opinion that time and circumstances have , produced much defect and deterioration in institutions wise and salutary in their first establishment , but which now require revision and amendment ; that great and important portions of the community are , in fact , unrepresented in parliament ; and that the high and sacred office of a representative of the people is frequently sought for and procured by unconstitutional means , and , having been so procured , is consequently too often perverted from its original design and rendered subservient to private ends and interests : these defects they can not but consider as a great aggravation of the present dangers and difficulties of the country ; to them they ascribe the continuance of a lavish system of expenditure , the many expeditions in which the blood