high bounties for substitutes , induced those who were willing to enter the army to keep back till they could do so upon the most profitable terms for themselves . hoped it was not intended to render this a permanent measure . He had the strongest objections to the ballot and fines , which were a great local oppression , throwing that burthen on a few which ought to be borne by all . The men , however , must be had , and he was willing to allow this Bill to pass , in the expectation that there would be no occasion to have recourse to the ballot . said , that he should propose a clause to declare that the ballot should not take place until the year 1813. , adverting to what had been stated by a right hon gent . ( Mr. Elliot ) against the present Bill , was willing to allow that if it were possible to raise 24,000 men annually by , ordinary recruiting , it would be more advisable than to have recourse to a compound system . The measure of the late Mr. Windham , however , though favoured by peculiar circumstances , only produced in the first year of its operation 17,000 men . said 19,000. repeated it had only produced 17,000 . All the facts relative to this subject were submitted to the House by Mr. Windham and himself in 1807 . It was to be remarked that at that period there were no less than 54 second battalions in the country so reduced , that it was doubted whether they could possibly be filled up ; and an order was issued , that if each battalion did not raise 400 men , in all about 20,000 men , the battalions should be disbanded , and the officers would forfeit their rank . The recruiting parties were in consequence increased from 200 to 700 . He dissected the number of men raise that year , and found that no fewer were raised in one half year than 8,000 men by these second battalions . Whatever influence the inducements held out by the late Mr. 667 Windham might have on a philosophic mind , he was convinced that they would not have much on the aggregate of the population , and he was therefore unwilling to forego the permanency of service for any theoretical probabilities . To that system , however , he allowed its full influence , except in changing it so far as to allow an option to limited or unlimited service : and since that time the recruiting had fallen to about nearly its ordinary numbers.—It had been said , why not raise men at once by ballot for the line ? but to this it might be answered , that the militia gave habits which prepared men for entering into the line , and that it was the natural colour of the mind of man to prefer in the first instance the home service.—He thought it extremely probable that the militia supernumeraries , with the ordinary means of supply , might supersede the necessity of a ballot ; and he thought it therefore proper that something of this sort should appear on the face of the Bill , to put an end to all speculation . thought the noble lord who spoke last had dealt very unfairly by that great man whose eternal absence all must lament , very unfairly by the army , and very unfairly by the country . The system of recruiting for the army , during the last war and the present war , down to the period when the late Mr. Windham 's plan was proposed , was a system of force and violence . That plan was said to be theoretical , and in practice inefficient . Luckily , however , for the country , it was carried into execution ; and its success exceeded the most sanguine expectations of Mr. Windham himself . The fact could not be contradicted , that in the particular year alluded to , the recruiting for the army exceeded not Only what had either