to Ireland , and respects stealing linen or cotton cloth or yarn from the bleaching grounds or workhouses , in that part of the United Kingdom . Of these five Bills , the first was , last year , rejected in this House , after a long and diligent discussion . The second was rejected , after a similar discussion , in another place . The third , although brought into the House last year , was never pressed to a third reading . The fourth and fifth have been presented this year , for the first time . Five Bills , upon such dissimilar subjects , would seem abundantly to manifest a settled purpose in the framer of them to endeavour to change the whole system of the law , as it respects mixed or compound larcenies . Indeed I am not left to conjecture on this subject ; for my hon . and learned friend has himself distinctly avowed such purpose , as well by words , delivered in his place in this House , as by observations which he has communicated to the public on subject matter , not only connected with the purport of these Bills , but respecting other important features of our criminal jurisprudence . Such being the operation of those Bills , and such being the opinions and views of the framer of them , it would seem to become the bounden duty of those who seriously apprehend the evil consequences of such departure from the received and approved maxims of our penal administration of justice , not only to point out the inconveniences of the mealures immediately under consideration , but to assert broadly the character , policy , and advantages of the British system , 616 which , however it may have occasionally been exposed to animadversion , has , from time to time , received the considerate approbation of the most profound reasoners , and the ardent eulogies of the best and most benevolent of mankind—a system full of mercy , though seemingly severe , and in its effects producing less suffering and more happiness than other systems , apparently more lenient ; but which in their real operation subtract more from the amount of human enjoyments , and add more to the sum of human misery.—I say this of its general character . There may be blemishes in it , as in all human institutions , most of them rather seeming than real , and which may easily be removed by appropriate remedies : and I shall at any time , be most willing to contribute my labours to assist in applying such remedies to them : but the wholesale mode of dealing with them , which is now proposed , will impair rather than improve , the whole of the fabric . My hon . and learned friend has not suffered himself to be discouraged by the fate of his Bills in the last year . Acquainted as I am with the sincerity and purity of his motives , I have to admire a laudable perseverance , which to others , who do not know him , might appear like pertinacity . The wish , which he so strongly feels , to benefit the community , might abundantly have justified him in persisting again to submit these measures to the consideration of the House , or in adding others to them , which appear to him to be equally beneficial . Surely , Sir , when he again introduced them to our notice , it could not have been necessary for him to have assigned as a collateral motive , that the great lord Coke had recommended to every one , who should succeed in the profession , of which he had himself been so distinguished an ornament , to leave behind him some memorial of his knowledge and attainments in it . I should have thought that if my hon . and learned friend had wished to have acted in conformity to lord Coke 's suggestion , he would in settling the manner in which he should pay this debt of gratitude to his profession , in