be made , and if such was the situation in which a magistrate ought to be placed ? Another person , who had been anxious to conform to the provisions of the act of parliament , had incurred a penalty by the omission of a single word . Proposals had been issued respecting the publication of some new military work . The person employed on this occasion had put his name , and place of abode , `` Paternoster-row , '' but he had inadvertently omitted the word `` London . '' Shortly after , as the act required the name of the town as well as the street , the printer having issued from his press a thousand copies of the article in question , was called up to Guildhall to shew cause why he should not pay the sum of 20,000l . for penalties so incurred . These facts , he really thought , were almost enough to make it felt by every one , that some alteration of the act was necessary . It was true it might be said the evils he complained of had been subsequently counteracted , in some degree , by an act passed to indemnify persons suffering under the operation of this law ; but was this a system to be praised , which called for indemnity for those who had violated the law ? Was it not better to amend the act than thus to come forward from time to time with a bill of indemnity ? He would now state the case of an individual who had been convicted of violating this law , and cast in penalties amounting to 20,000l . whose conduct had been as little objectionable as either of those he had already mentioned : some addresses had been published at Southampton by the bakers of that place to the people of the town . The magistrates there , as in London , regulate the price of bread , on inspecting the proper returns , & c. They had done so on one occasion , when the bakers finding that , in consequence of their decision , they must lose on each sack of flour the sum of 1s . 3d . thought proper publicly to state the case , and submitted the hardships of which they complained to the consideration of the town . A person of the name of Cunningham , who is a printer , was then absent from Southampton , having gone to Portsmouth : 1000 of these addresses were wanted immediately , as it 442 was of the highest importance to the bakers that their case should be made public as soon as possible . They were accordingly printed off , and information was immediately given that the provisions of the act were in some measure accidentally violated ; and in consequence the printer , though absent at the time , was convicted , and cast 20,000l . in penalties . The magistrate had no power of discretion to modify the sentence , and all he could do was to promise to write to the Secretary of State for the borne department ; which , he understood , had since been done , and the printer relieved . In such a case , however , though the individual might never be called upon by government for the penalty thus incurred , the evil did not appear to be done away . It was to be remembered , that by the provisions of the act the informer was entitled to a moiety of the penalties recovered ; and though the man might never be called upon for what he had been sentenced to pay to the King , he questioned if the informer could not commence an action for his moiety , and , in such a case , the unfortunate individual might be doomed to rot in gaol the remainder of his days . He could state fifty other cases in which persons might be cast in heavy penalties , where no such thing as the act was intended to guard against could be proved . He had seen papers relating to