the holders in irretrievable ruin . observed , that he was not surprised to hear that many gentlemen manifested considerable reluctance to accede at first to an application for this relief . He had himself , from the principle of the measure , been much indisposed—and nothing could have compelled him to yield his original opinion , but consideration for the distressed state of the manufacturers in Paisley and Glasgow , and in other manufacturing districts . The difference between the present period and that of 1793 was considerable—the distress of the former was particularly felt by the country banks , and of course was partial , whereas the embarrassment now was general . In the former period it was paper credit gave way , and affected commercial credit ; at present it is commercial credit that as fallen , while paper credit has been little affected . The Bank of England was then paying in specie , and had in its power the means of correcting the evil effects which this loan to the commercial body might be supposed to produce . The distress was then attributable to a momentary want of confidence , which was soon dissipated ; the failure of this day implied a disease of a much deeper and more serious nature . It was to be feared now that from palpable losses , the capital of trade was in a great part destroyed , and consequently there existed an additional danger to the public of not recovering the money which it should at present advance . Therefore , whilst he was willing to assist the distressed manufacturer , he wished the loan to be applied on a charitable and humane principle , and afforded to those persons and places only where the distress was greatest ; because if it were to be distributed on a general principle to merchants who could give security , and 344 proportioned to that security , the consequence must be , that there would be a general rise of price in all articles , and he could never forget that bullion was amongst those articles which would be affected in that way . The Bank of England , under such circumstances , had not the check which it possessed in the year 1793 ; there was now no standard at all . said , that it was impossible not to see the public confidence was gone ; that , therefore , made the measure of temporary relief imperious . Even though the whole money was to be ultimately-lost , the parliament , for the support of our commercial interest , was bound to hazard the experiment . He , however , trusted that the Committee would not limit its attention to this single measure of relief ; but , at a proper and early opportunity , apply itself to an investigation of the original and radical cause . From the inquiries he had made in the great manufacturing district of Lancashire , he knew , that the distresses and sufferings of that deserving body were by themselves attributed to the nature of our relations with America . The agricultural interest was now feeling the evil ; for , from the distress of the manufacturer , no longer able to purchase the same food as formerly , the farmers could not obtain the same market for their produce . In Scotland , he knew it to be a fact , that the farmers were willing to sell at this moment their fat stock at the lean prices . He conjured the Chancellor of the Exchequer therefore , whatever may be his own predilections , not to continue bigotted to a scheme of policy , which had produced , and must continue to produce , such wide spread distress and privations . said , that if the cotton-manufacturers were the only persons concerned , the relief might be withheld , perhaps without much injury ; but not only the cotton-manufacturers but the landholders , and many other classes , were deeply interested . He could state it as a fact , that the manufacturers never experienced more distress than when they depended