. Whence , it is said , do those extraordinary profits arise which the Bank appears to have shared among its proprietors of late years , if it has only gone on in its accustomed course of business ? Without any inquiry into the internal management of the Bank , I think a satisfactory answer may be given from such sources of information as are open to every one . It is notorious , that the command of money is attended with much greater advantage in time of war than of peace . Since the Bank Restriction Bill , and for some time previous to it , has been a time of continued war , and in part of this period an unusual scarcity of money prevailed ; several instances occurred , in which a profit might be made upon government securities of twelve or fifteen percent and some instances of even greater profit ; it being stated by the hon . gent . near me ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , in his evidence before the Committee of the House of Lords , as occasionally rising to 18 percent . Now , can it be supposed that the Bank , by far the greatest dealer in government securities , did not participate in these profits , and in the other advantages which great monied proprietors at that time possessed ? But not only have the times been unusually favourable to an advantageous employment of the great trading capital of the Bank , but that trading capital has been increased , in a remarkable manner . It appears from the second Report of the Committee on Public Expenditure ( 1808 ) , that the average increase of government balances in the hands of the Bank since 1797. was not less than from seven to 946 eight millions . I would desire gentlemen to consider what any private banking company would make of a floating balance to such an extent . Within the last three years an arrangement has , indeed , been made with the Bank , by my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , by which the public have obtained a fair participation in the profits to be derived from that source : but before that arrangement was made , they belonged entirely to the Bank . And though I believe the directors to have been moderate and cautious in all their transactions , they would have been wanting in their duty to their proprietors if they had not made a fair commercial use of their advantageous situation ; and let it be recollected , that however large the profits of the Bank may have been , they were a direct and positive accession of national wealth derived from sources injurious to no one , but , on the contrary , eminently useful both to the government and every individual concerned . The question is not , whether the Bank has made large profits , which it had a fair right to do , and which have been advantageous to the public interests as well as its own , but , whether it has increased the issue of its notes beyond what the public convenience required , with a view to profit , and knowing that it could not be called upon to pay them in specie . It is certainly true , that since the restriction has been imposed on the Bank , the amount of its notes has been greatly increased ; but I beg leave to ask , whether our metallic currency has not diminished in an equal or greater degree ? The increase of Bank-notes has been gradual and moderate , and can , in every instance , be accounted for by an adequate and obvious cause . From the time of the restriction to the year 1800 , the increase was small . In 1800 and 1801 , the amount of notes was considerably increased , because great quantities of specie were sent out of the kingdom for the purchase of corn ; and from that period their amount has been kept up , because the exchange has never become