selecting the description of legacy he would leave behind him , in shaping and modelling the bequest , he would be desirous to submit to posterity , he would have directed his attention to those parts and branches of the law , with which by his continued and connected studies , and minute and detailed , as well as ex- 617 tensive and enlightened practice , he was the best acquainted . I well know , that , in the early part of his life , the criminal laws engaged no inconsiderable portion of his attention ; but I think I may venture to assert , that the ample space he fills in the eyes of his profession , the deserved fame he enjoys , is not derived from any acquaintance he may have with penal jurisprudence ; but from that comprehensive and profound , and at the same time practical and minute knowledge , upon other and very different branches of the law , which , for a long course of years , has so eminently distinguished him in the court of chancery , of which he is so bright an ornament . Sincerely as I respect him , and no man respects him more sincerely , highly as I deem of his talents , learning , and varied attainments , yet I will nevertheless affirm that an acting magistrate in the country has , practically speaking , more knowledge of penal law than my learned and hon . friend . An acting magistrate knows how penal laws operate . I do not mean their mere bearings and workings in courts of justice : but how they operate upon the mind ; how they interweave themselves with manners ; how they school and educate the rising generation ; how they form character.—And they do form character—national character . No nation on earth has so little of the petty and thievish propensities . Nothing but manners , growing out of laws , could have produced this effect , in a country where the mass and value of personal property is so immense , and where the eagerness of commercial rivalry surrounds us on all sides with temptations , wherever we tread , or cast our eyes . We display , we solicit , we allure by every artifice . He who tempts most , succeeds most . How could this magnificent display , the delight and ornament of this mighty metropolis , how could this continued allurement be resisted , even to the degree in which it is , unless by the silent workings of a system of laws , which , in cooperation with the moral code , had , from early childhood , formed the manners and character of the people ? In other countries there is comparatively little temptation to theft . There are , I know , some persons , who affect to doubt whether the holding out these allurements is not itself criminal , and they would extinguish the lustre of our shops , and the interesting display of the works of art , and of the gay and variegated fabrics of our 618 manufactures , and would have the streets as dark and gloomy as those cheerless imaginations , which sometimes seem to blind the eyes of man to the beauty and beneficence of nature , and of nature 's laws . But , Sir , let us recollect that British laws and British institutions nurse up virtue . Persons bred in another school of manners , would sink under temptations which we resist . If under other systems there may be less temptation , or less crime , let us observe at least which system produces most manly and generous sentiment , most public and private happiness . I repeat again that the workings and bearings of penal laws , upon the mind and manners of the people , is practically better known to an acting magistrate , than to my hon . and learned friend , whose attention is painfully and continually , though most usefully , and honourably employed on subjects of a different description . And feeling as I do