there was no sort of opposition made to it ; and when the Committee was appointed , it became their duty undoubtedly to investigate the subject with care , and to report to the House their conscientious opinions on the matters referred to them . As to those consequences , then , which were said to have resulted from the publication of that Report , those men were not answerable , who had only conscientiously discharged a duty that was imposed upon them , and had formed the best conclusions which they were enabled to do from the evidence before them . He thought it was hardly fair to say , that their discharge of the duty which the House imposed upon them , and reporting faithfully and fairly their opinion , was making a bold experiment on the public credit , or driving the country to the brink of a precipice . But , in point of fact , the right hon . gent . was mistaken if he ascribed the agitation of this delicate , but important question to the matter or publication of the Report of the Bullion Committee . The discussion of the subject had originated out of doors long before the Bullion was appointed , and out of doors the discussion would have been continued , even if the attention of that House had never been drawn to the consideration of it . Under these circumstances he must contend , that it was highly desirable the question should be taken up by parliament , and he was perfectly convinced that there could be no subject more proper or more worthy of parliamentary discussion , than the state of the coin and currency of the realm . In former periods , reports upon such subjects had not only been prepared by the direction , but published and circulated by the authority of parliament . In the year 1696 , when the coin was debased , the Lords of the Treasury called on Mr. Lowndes , their secretary , for a report 969 respecting the existing state of the circulation and currency of the country . That report was printed at the King 's press , circulated all over the country , and every body was invited to the consideration of it . Ministers at that time thought that it was much better completely to remedy the existing evil , than to accept of the fallacious advantages which were then held forth from the modification and continuance of it . The consequence was , that those principles were fully and effectually refuted , which were now again maintained , but which he hoped to overthrow before he should sit down , and a complete remedy provided for the serious evil of which the country at the time had to complain . With respect then to the legal coin of the realm , he should now confidently call upon any gentleman who heard him , to deny if he could that the only legal tender in this country was gold and silver of a certain fineness and containing a certain quantity of the precious metals to be ascertained by weight . This was the standard and unfluctuating measure of all other commodities.—if it were admitted that the legal tender was regulated by those two principles , then it followed that the coin of the realm must consist of bullion of a certain fineness , and only perfect as it contained a certain weight . He would ask , if it had not always been a grand object of the legislators and monarchs of former times , to preserve their money undeteriorated in fineness , and not below the standard in weight ? When they talked of prices current , it was necessary to know what was meant by the word price . Price meant nothing but the relation the value of commodities bore to the standard . The weight of coin had in all former times , in a great degree , determined the value of money , as well in this as in other countries . If proofs were wanting of this , he would refer the