but they positively assert , that the same evil actually received a remedy from a reduction of the Bank issues at that period in Ireland . Now , what is the fact ? —the Report of the Committee was made in June 1804 : the Bank of Ireland notes , outstanding at that time , were about 2,900,000l . : the exchange had been at the highest in the month of March preceding ; from which period it gradually declined , without any reduction in the amount of bank paper , till the first of January 1805 , when it was reduced to 8½ , or nearly par , the bank-notes in circulation being then 2,90300l . The exchange continued , throughout the whole of that year , to fluctuate a little above par , never higher than 11 . It is true , in the following autumn , the Bank issues were reduced 989 about 400,000l . ; but the exchange had recovered itself for months before this reduction ( a reduction not very considerable in itself ) had taken place : and it is singular to observe , that , during the period the notes of the Bank of Ireland remained at this reduced standard , viz . throughout 1800 and part of 1807 , the exchange became somewhat higher against Ireland , whilst it fell to par , and under , in the year 1800 , when the Bank issues were again augmented , viz . to about 3,100,000l . at which scale they have been since continued . I state this to shew the danger of unnecessarily hazarding a parliamentary judgment on a speculative point . I call it a speculative point , because , although the Committee were peremptory , at the time , in their assertion , both with respect to the evil and the remedy , they did not attempt to recommend the actual adoption of the latter . It was fortunate that nothing was attempted , for the Committee had no sooner committed themselves to the principle , than it was disproved by the fact of the exchange falling to par , the bank-notes outstanding remaining the same , and this at a moment when our foreign exchanges were favourable , when the price of bullion was nearly at the mint price , and when it is impossible to allege that the paper of the Bank of England was depreciated , even in the erroneous sense it is now contended that it is . What were the causes which , in fact , disordered the exchange with Ireland , at that moment , it is not now necessary to occupy the attention of the House , in examining at any length ; it is enough , as applicable to the view with which I refer to it , to know that the cause assigned by the Committee was not the true cause . Without entering into a detailed exposition of the opinions I then held in opposition to those which prevailed , I will only shortly observe , that , as a member of that Committee , I was induced to attribute a great proportion of the disparity of value , which prevailed in Ireland between the coin and Irish banknotes , to the efforts which a people , long habituated , almost exclusively , to a gold currency , will make , by a premium on the coin , to obtain and preserve it in circulation after the ordinary channel of supply is cut off . The Suspension Bill of 1797 deprived Ireland of that supply of guineas which was regularly transmitted , principally from the Bank of England , to Dublin , to replace the large quantity withdrawn 990 from Ireland , in retail payments for British coals , freights , & c. It was only by degrees , that the habits of the people of Ireland , particularly in the northern counties , could be reconciled to transact their business in notes . As guineas grew scarce , those who had to purchase commodities were obliged to have recourse to a premium , to collect the quantity of guineas