but when it was said that the prosecutions of the Attorney-General were subjects of such universal complaint , he believed that if the complaints were collected , it would be found that the far greater number charged him with too much lenity . He would refer for the character of his prosecutions to their results , to the decisions of the juries upon them , and they would find that of all the prosecutions actually brought to trial , only two had failed . It might be necessary for the peace of the country that prosecutions should increase . The House in the exercise of its coastitutional 165 duty was undoubtedly bound to look with jealousy , but it was also bound to give support to the administration of justice . With respect to the case of the Morning Post , it did not bear upon the point ; it had been cited as an instance of partiality , but in order to prove that , if was necessary to shew that a course was adopted in that case which was not adapted in any other ; but the sane Attorney-General had acted in a similar manner in other cases , which was an answer to the chatge . He knew that many were of opinion that , if the author was given up , the printer should not be prosecused ; the noble lord opposite ( lord Holland ) thought so ; his noble and learned friend near him ( lord Ellenborugh ) thought the contrary ; but he believed that the truth lay between both , and that it was not possible to make any general rule which should be considered a sufficient guide without any view to the circumstances . He had witnessed the zeal of the Attorney-General in his office , and was sure there was no man whose mind was less under the influence of oppressive inclination , or who discharged the duties of his situation more faithfully ; the country owed him great obligations , and was indebted to him for adding greatly to the true and genuine liberty of the press . rose in reply and said : My Lords ; I rose before to claim of your lordships ' justice the right of explanation . I rise now to ask of your courtesy that which is never refused to the mover of a question , the privilege of saying a few words , at the close of a debate , on what has passed in the course of it . I can not , however , pretend that I rise to reply , for what arguments have been adduced by the other side that have not been answered by my noble friends , that have not been triumphantly exposed and refuted in the excellent speech of my noble relation ( the marquis of Lansdown ) ? Any observation on objections so refuted would be ill-judged and unnecessary ; and yet , my Lords , I must trespass for a few minutes on your time , for I feel myself called upon , not , indeed , to answer arguments , but to repel accusations and charges ; not to combat objections to my motion , but to vindicate my character from aspersions which have been thrown out , I will not say in a disorderly and unparliamentary manner , but , at least , in a style and tone which , fortunately for the dignity of your deliberations , is rare and unusual in this 166 House . I have been told , not by inference , but in direct terms , that I am captious , that I am passionate , that I am indirect and unmanly . I profess not the temper of bearing such charges with equanimity , and if I were to disguise my astonishment , and , I will say my indignation , at hearing them brought against me , I should , in fact , prove myself guilty of that insincerity with which I am charged . With respect to the vehemence or passion with which I may have expressed myself , I should have hoped