January . On the 23d of January the Irish government became possessed of the 291 fact , that such a letter had been written by the secretary of the Catholic Committee , and that several answers had been received thereto ; but of the nature of the letter , or of the answers , they were wholly ignorant . To shew , however , what was the nature of the augmentation suggested in December , I beg to state ( what I think in candour , the right hon . and . learned gent . might have stated ) , the opinion of one of the members , who declared , that when to the 36 representatives of parishes , ten members should be added from each county , the whole `` would make a greater number than he had ever seen at any aggregate meeting , '' To proceed , however , with the history of the Committee . It adjourned from week to week , under the pretext of affording assistance to lord Fingal in the conveyance of the Petition ; but at every meeting a violent and inflammatory debate almost invariably took place . The principal Roman Catholics of Ireland had become more and more dissatisfied with the proceedings of the Committee , as abusing the lenity of government , and injuring , by the intemperance of their conduct , the I cause which they were assembled to support . On the 2d of February they agreed unanimously to a resolution , that the Petition of the Catholics of Ireland should be transmitted to Parliament . On the same day a resolution was proposed , that the Catholic Committee had exceeded its powers , by agreeing to augment its numbers by the addition of ten members from every county in Ireland , this motion produced a very warm debate , and was finally rejected . In the course of the debate lord Ffrench made use of the following expressions : — '' You were appointed for a specific purpose ; your commission is ended—Ireland is sick of this business ! Do you mean to erect yourselves into a perpetual government ? `` —The Committee however , would not acknowledge that their powers were terminated ; and , instead of ending the business altogether , they adjourned to the 9th of February , Still the lord lieutenant forbore to interpose the authority of government , satisfied that a crisis was fast approaching . At the meeting of the Committee on the 9th of February , several of the members indulged in the most violent and intemperate language . One gentleman , in particular , professed to undertake the defence of lord Fingal , one of the most loyal of the Catholic body ; a nobleman in every- 292 way highly estimable , and whom no mart could know without admiring . Lord Fingal , it appears , had been accused of supporting the Veto , of concurring in the Union , and of moving a vote of thanks to lord Wellington . But the defence which this gentleman professed to make for his lordship , was in fact the most libellous accusation . I do not wish to read any part of this speech to the House , because the language was so extremely violent . The speaker did that which nobody ever thought of doing before , he identified the whole Catholic Body with the rebels of 1798 . I really do not know whether the government of Ireland were not culpable for not having prosecuted the printer for the publication of this most inflammatory speech— [ Here there was a general cry of read ! read ! and Mr . Pole proceeded to read the following extract from the speech of a gentleman ] : — '——Return , my lord , before I speak of the first charge , to the times of that Union , and recollect the state of Irish Catholics ; of your population , the mass dispersed , the boldest slam , the patriots endungeoned and enchained , the remainder mute and disarmed . In this combination of overthrow and captivity ,