When the hon . gentleman was so inclined to throw out insinuations on all sides of him , it was fitting that the House should be informed , that not one of the members of the regimental court-martial sat upon the general court-martial . If the hon . gent , thought he had gained any credit in that House , or that he should gain any popularity in the country by intimating that the officers of the regimental court-martial might be so influenced by regard for the feelings of their colonel as to perjure themselves on that account , he felt obliged to inform him that , at least , that intimation could not apply to the members of the general court-martial . The hon . gent , had mentioned in a cursory way , and as a matter of little importance ( doubtlessly he would not have mentioned it at all , had he nut been aware that it would be stated by somebody ) , that he believed there was some little confusion in the course of the proceedings of that court . The fact was , that owing to the crowd in the court , composed of persons whom the hon . gent . might perhaps term respectable , but whom he should call a mob ; the confusion and interruption were so great , that the acting deputy Judge Advocate wrote to him ( Mr. Sutton ) to ask what means should be used to protect the court from insult ? The 96 only answer that he could return was , that it was the duty of the court to take care that their proceedings were not interrupted ; and that if no other means were left them for the preservation of order , they must resort to force : that they must commit any military man who should be so indiscreet as to contribute to the disturbance , and that they must send any other offending individual , not of the profession , before a magistrate , to be committed by that magistrate , and to be subsequently indicted by the Judge Advocate . This was the 'trifling ' circumstance which flashed across the hon . gentleman 's mind , and which be casually mentioned . With respect to the conduct of Curtis , he was extremely sorry to say , that the man had not conducted himself as he ought , under the circumstances in which he was placed . On not being permitted to put an improper question to a witness , he even went so far as to say , `` That he saw that he could get no justice in that court ; that he would appeal to a court of law . ; and that he would bring an action against the lieutenant-colonel for false imprisonment . '' And yet if the hon . gent . would refer to the first paragraph of the speech of Curtis to the court ( for which he was indebted to the ability of the short-hand writer ) , he would find , that he entreated their pardon for the offence which he committed . Curtis was found guilty , and as for the consequent sentence of the court , he believed that few men—he believed that no man , except the hon . gent . would state , that on conviction of such charges the punishment ought to be lenient . The hon . gent . talked of the conduct of Curtis as that of a man writhing under the sense of grievances , and contended that on that account he ought not to have been treated with severity . But the House well knew the danger to the very existence of the army which lurked in any attempt to excite dis-satistaction in a regiment , and would not allow that any individual , convicted of an offence of such magnitude , ought to escape on the plea of his writhing under the sense of grievances which were imaginary . Under such circumstances , when the court came to a conclusion that the man was guilty , they bad but one course to