check upon the courts in the administration of justice . It was to ascertain upon what grounds this breach of the law had taken place , that he wished to call for copies of the orders and regulations . He found it also laid down in the regulations , that certain rules were framed for the guidance of the secretary of the government in revising the newspapers . He was to prevent all observations respecting the public revenues and finances of the country—all observations respecting the embarkations on board ships of stores , or expeditions , and their destination , whether they belonged to the Company or to Europe—all statements of the probability of war or peace between the Company and the Native Powers—all observations tending to convey information to the enemy , and the republication of paragraphs from the European papers , which may tend to affect the influence or credit of the British power with the native states . If the press was to be prevented from publishing any thing under these several heads , he was at a loss to know upon what subject any observation could be published . Though he would repeat , that he did not now mean to say that any of these regulations were wrong , yet when the papers , if granted , should be produced , he was of opinion that others would be of the same sentiments , with himself upon the subject . As to the 465 trials at Madras , he should only observe , that hitherto the administration of justice was considered pure ; amidst the general havoc , the universal gloom , which our political measures had spread over India , he had always been accustomed to regard the proceedings of our courts of justice there , as exhibiting a splendid and honourable contrast ; but in this instance , the courts seemed , by their not allowing the publication , to be ashamed of their proceedings . If they were not ashamed of them , they ought to allow the publication , if only to allay the ferment which was excited by these trials . The publication could do no harm , and might do much good . The noble lord then stated , that two grand jurors and three petty jurymen had been sent away from Madras for their conduct on these trials . He would ask , whether , under the present ambiguity of the law , any man could have a fair trial , or by what authority he could be tried at all , or for what offence ? Let it be recollected , the judge he had before alluded to ( Sullivan ) had questioned the foundation on which this power of subjecting the press to inspection previous to publication , rested , even with regard to newspapers , and had stated , that till lately , it had never been carried further . But the case he had brought before the House , this night , was not a restriction upon a newspaper , but a silencing veto of publications on a court of law . It was not restraining opinions , not preventing discussion , not repressing theories , nothing of this kind ; but it was denying to our fellow subjects in India , the simple privilege of reading in print , the simple account of their own transactions in their own courts of justice , as they had actually taken place . And if the paper he moved for should be denied , it would be a refusal by this House of the fittest evidence on which this practice of assuming despotic controul over the press in India , by the government there , could be checked and reformed , if wrong , or justified and confirmed , if right . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before this House , a copy of all Orders . Regulations , Rules , and Directions , which have been promulgated since the year 1797 , regarding any restraint of the Press , at the three presidencies of Bengal , Madras ,