then , after recapitulating his arguments , and referring to the amount of individual suffering and extensive distress , created by a growing depreciation of the circulating medium , moved , `` That there be laid before this , House , a comparative scale of the Commercial Discounts of the Bank of England , from the 1st of January 1790 to the first of January 1811 ; distinguishing each year . '' begged to be understood , in the course of what he should say upon this question , as having no instruction whatever from the Court of Bank Directors . It appeared to him , that the document moved for , would be attended with great inconvenience , and ought not to be granted , unless called for by the necessity of the case , which at present it was not . The only document that could be said to be necessary , was the amount of the Bank Notes issued , and that was laid before them every year since the passing of the bill . To give an account of the commercial discounts , would be an interference with the internal management of the Bank , and , therefore , should be resisted . He regretted that his hon . friend had thought proper go so much at large into the general question , which he thought ought to be reserved for the proper occasion , when the House was called upon to discuss it distinctly . He allowed that the principle of cash payments should be resorted to when it was practicable , but this was not the period . His hon . friend had said that the Directors would consider , such a proposition an offence ; but he was sure that they would always be willing to return to the old system when it could be done with propriety . The motion was unnecessary , 733 This was the first instance in which any such motion had been made , and therefore he should give it his negative . wished in a few words to state his reasons for agreeing in the motion of the hon . gent . at the same time that he declined entering upon the general subject , which he confessed ought to be reserved for the proper occasion , and not debated by piecemeal . He condemned the conduct of the person who had been guilty of such a breach of privilege as the publishing of the document in question ; and thought the motion rested upon fair grounds . The hon . gent . had opposed it by stating , that it was not necessary to call for the precise amount of the discounts ; but that was not what the motion called far : it did not demand the precise amount , but merely a comparative and proportionate scale . The question then was , whether it was necessary or not ? It appeared to him that the evidence which the Directors of the Bank had given proved the necessity of it . They had stated , that it was impossible there should be any excess , the issues being always regulated by the discounts . The only way to shew that their doctrine was true , was to produce an account of the amount of their issues , and a scale of their discounts : and see whether they corresponded . This was rendered still more necessary from what had been stated by the hon . mover , who affirmed , that though the amount of the discounts had been reduced , that of the issues had not . How would the 'Bank of England reconcile this with their doctrine ? He should certainly Vote for the motion . said , that the Bank of England having become of late a great state engine , Parliament had a right to investigate its affairs , if necessary to the public good . It has been said , that not a note more was in circulation than the good of the public required ; but he knew the contrary from experience . He could state instances of several