. Can we wonderthen , that life should seem to be one perpetual struggle against something that pulls us back . That we are continually hoping to obtain a good which escapes our pursuit . That we seek one thing , and find another , and that the actions of men seem little else than a series of illusions and disappointments : or that nations which seemed to be in the most ameliorated state , at once prosperous , happy , and free , seeking , by taking off restraints , or by other unskilful means , to improve their liberty and happiness , should 623 suddenly revert to a degraded state , and find they had only taken so many fearful strides in the high road to despotism and misery . Let us not be too confident . 'Facilis descensus . ' It is often only necessary to take out a single peg , for the wheels of the mighty machinery of a nation 's happiness to run back , and the accumulated fruits of ages to be dashed to pieces in a moment . Wise nations have therefore never admitted material alterations in their laws and institutions , without the clearest and most entire conviction of the benefits to be derived from such alteration ; unless the advantage to be obtained was so obvious , that no man could doubt on the subject . Not advantages in speculation , about which men disputed , and argued , and reasoned ; but advantages which every man could feel and understand . For ideal perfection is not the end and object of laws and institutions , but human happiness : and it will be found therefore , that no alterations have ever produced happiness in the frame of human society , but such which ( according to the law of nature in the external world ) have been so gradual as scarcely to be perceptible . And it will be found also , that attempts to make material alterations in the penal code of any nation , from the speculations of general reasoners , have always produced national evils , instead of increased happiness . But , Sir , I pursue these contemplations too far . They are not , however , without their application . We are too apt to consider society as a fabric which we can build up and complete , and then pull down the scaffolding and enjoy . I fear this scaffolding must always stand : not for repairs ; but because we are always building , and our work is never done . One set of bricks which we had fashioned and adjusted , are crumbling away and falling out , while we are framing others to supply their place , and which will soon crumble , and perish in their turn . I have been very anxious to impress upon the House the deep conviction I feel of the important distinction , between repealing existing laws of long Handing , and of enacting new ones . The principles I have stated are like all moral , legal or political principles , general , and not universal . They have their exceptions The great nicety is in eliciting and ascertaining these exceptions . But one principle is universal , that if an inconvenience is felt , not imagined , the remedy should extend to that inconvenience and should 624 not go beyond it . These are not very encouraging topics , not very comfortable , or consoling to the vanity and presumption of our nature . They are not topics which would make one at any time much disposed , or , in particular good humour , to entertain any project , for any repeal of existing laws , however well considered ; particularly to entertain a project which had been rejected by parliament in a former year ; a project too which is introduced again to our consideration , at a time , when those who are the best judges of it , are absent ; and when those whose duty it is to give their continued undivided attention to the subject matter