patent of making gold and silver lace of our bullion ; and prohibiting the bringing in any . '' And sir Edward Sands , in the course of the same debate , ascribed it to the great importation of foreign grain , adding , `` That it was the policy of all other stales , not to suffer any importation of commodities , when they had of their own , till theirs were sold . '' When a similar effect could thus be traced to other causes , long before there was any Bank paper , he thought it was not right hastily to attribute the high price of Bullion to the issue of Bank notes . From the view he took of the original measure of restriction , and the circumstances under which it was extended to the continuance of the war , he conceived it would be extremely unsafe to name a definite and particular period at which the Bank should return to cash payments . In his view of the causes which led to the Bank restriction in 1797 , they appeared to him to be chiefly reducible to the then very great and prevalent alarm of invasion . Even the order then made by government , obliging the farmers on the maritime coasts to remove their stock and provender far into the interior of the country , had the effect of extending this alarm so much amongst that description of persons , that they were every where selling off their lauds and farms , and converting their substance into gold : so that had it not been for the well-timed and seasonable restriction which then took place , he doubted if there would have been left a single guinea in the Bank of England . In the month of October following , however , when the alarm had somewhat subsided , the Bank of England declared to that House their readiness to resume their cash payments ; but the House , notwithstanding such a document was on their table , passed an act continuing the restriction during the war . This he could state , both for himself and the other gentlemen connected with the Bank Direction , that from the year 1797 to the present time , the greatest anxiety had prevailed so to shape their conduct , as to return , at the earliest period , to cash payments . It was always their wish to recur to the use of specie , as soon as the circumstances the , country would admit of it . This he 1055 was well convinced , was not the period at which it could be done with advantage . Some gentlemen appeared to believe that the Directors of the Bank derived a great benefit from the issue of notes . This he denied . And he would boldly affirm , that not only they , but the Proprietors of Bank Stock , had a greater desire for the public good than for any individual advantage . He would state shortly what appeared to him to be the cause of the present state of Exchange ; and this he should premise by declaring himself one of those old fashioned practical men , who thought the balance of payments an article of great importance in the regulation of exchanges If the importation did not balance the exportation , the silver must go out of the country . The high price of Bullion had been occasioned , in a great degree , by the enormous sums seat to the continent . Mr. Locke had observed , `` that money could not be kept in a country , unless the balance of trade was steadily in her favour . Thus , an over-balance of trade with Spain brought silver into the mint ; but if the balance is against us in another part , away went the coin . '' This was sound reasoning , and the circumstances of last year fully verified it . A right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Rose ) had staled on a former night , that the payment of the troops on the