and therefore was highly desirable and beneficial . was of opinion that the epithets `` rash and improvident '' were too freely bestowed on several classes of British merchants , whose conduct had not been such as justly to subject them to such an imputation . He thought that there was no class of merchants to whom the proposed relief could extend to whom it ought not to extend , and it appeared to 496 him to be evident , that through the merchants the manufacturers must be relieved . For the Bill he should decidedly vote ; but at the same time he concurred in the opinion of the hon . gentleman below him as to the expediency on the part of our government , to heal by peace the wound which commerce and the country had received . moved the second reading of the Bill for the erecting and maintaining a new Theatre for dramatic entertainments with in the cities of London and Westminster . On the Speaker inquiring if counsel were in attendance , rose and slated , that he had no intention of calling in the assistance of counsel , as he believed a very brief statement of the circumstances of the case would be sufficient to enable the House to form a judgment upon the question before them . He had expected that the hon . gentleman , the worthy representative of Middlesex , to whom it was his duty to express his sense of the politeness and attention which he had received at his hands on this occasion , would have prefaced the motion for the second reading of this Bill , by some statement of the grounds on which it was recommended to parliament , and the principles on which it laid claim to the sanction of the legislature . The only account , however , which he had been able to obtain explanatory of the objects of the measure , was a print-ed paper which had been pretty widely circulated , and which certainly contained nothing in the shape of argument to support it . This paper represented to the public , or to these whom it addressed , that they ought not to be discouraged by the splendid talents that would be exerted against their cause . He disclaimed for his own part any knowledge that such exertions were intended to be made , conscious as he was that the only motive that impelled him to come forward on this occasion , was a feeling of what was due to the number of persons interested in the property of Drury-lane Theatre . He was most ready to acknowledge the candour and fairness 497 that bad been shewn him by the gentlemen with whom the present motion originated , and was clearly of opinion that they had been influenced by the erroneous opinion that the Drury Lane Theatre , would not be rebuilt . When he assured them that this was a mistaken notion , and that there was the strongest probability of its speedy re-establishment , he was disposed to think it would be deemed advisable to withdraw this Bill . He must at the same time contradict a rumour which had gone abroad , describing his industry in canvassing votes for the question ; he had , indeed , made no efforts for any such purpose , determined to leave the case to abide by its own merits . Last year the proposers of the new establishment applied to the privy council , and applied in vain ; subsequently to which application , a Bill passed through Parliament for incorporating the proprietors of the late Drury Lane Theatre . Why had they not opposed this Bill , presuming as he did , that they intended to introduce the present measure ? After this Bill , however , had passed , it was intimated to him that the late Lord Chamberlain , lord Dartmouth , of whom he always wished to speak with respect , notwithstanding his conduct in this business , intended to question the legality of the dormant patent . On the 28th of June , 1810 , he