which rendered it equal in glory to any blazoned in the page of English history . He supposed the noble earl alluded to the glorious victory obtained by one of their immortal sovereigns . The gallant officer in question , had neither the choice of his ground nor of his position , as was the case in the ever-memorable action alluded to . His lordship then referred to some of the prominent circumstances of the action at Barrosa , for the purpose of illustrating the great and unqualified applause which was due to the gallant general who commanded . Every corps of the army , and every individual who composed it , seemed influenced by the spirit and intrepidity of their illustrious leader ; his glorious example was every where seen , every where felt ! It was unnecessary for the noble earl to draw the most favourable attention of his Majesty 's government to the transcendant talents and intrepidity of the gallant officer in question . From his own knowledge of the worthy general , no rewards or honours could be too great for his professional merits . He was happy to see the perfect unanimity that prevailed , but could not give a silent vote on an occasion where he felt so strongly . observed , that what had been enforced by those noble lords who preceded him , left him nothing to add in the expressions of approbation and applause . With the noble earl he agreed in the propriety of avoiding topics which might lead to a difference of sentiment . He could not avoid on such an occasion , referring to those particular circumstances of the action which rendered its result the more brilliant and glorious ; and the more so , when the system of policy which tended to induce those disadvantages , was considered . With respect to the two battalions of foreign troops adverted to by the noble earl , as having greatly distinguished themselves , it was a circumstance which afforded him great satisfaction . He had never entertained a doubt that foreign troops of any description whatever , properly disciplined and headed by British officers , would , if time were allowed for the exertion of their skill and diligence , acquit themselves in action in a way very little inferior , if not equal to British troops themselves . This was an opinion which he had given , and acted upon long ago , and he fell additional gratification in the present confirmation of an opinion so long entertained by him , but he had to regret the system was not acted on to a fuller extent . In conclusion , his lordship adverted more particularly to the great professional merits of the gallant general in question , and lamented that the great merits of one who had displayed such extraordinary zeal , during so long an interval , in the service of his country , should not have been long since brought forward in a way commensurate to his deserts ; and be afforded fair and adequate opportunities for the display of those talents , skill and intrepidity , which , on the occasion before their lordships , he had so decidedly evinced . observed , that this victory , which so eminently deserved the thanks of the House , was one of the results of that state of efficiency into which the British army had been brought by the exertions of the illustrious prince who was so long happily at its head . moved the second reading of the Commercial Credit Bill . Upon the question that the Bill he committed , the noble earl observed respecting the Bill , that if the commercial embarrassment arose from overstocked markets , the consequence of excessive speculation , then such a measure could not be advisable ; because to hold out that a relief from government would be given to commercial men under such circumstances , would be removing the salutary check that ought to exist upon excessive speculation . The commercial embarrassment , however , which at present existed , was not wholly attributable to that cause .