any thing , and none of whom contributed in an equal degree to their predecessors . The estimate of the Royal Military Asylum was nearly the same as last year . That of retired chaplains was increased in charge 1,600l . The estimate of hospital expences was increased in charge 17,000l . ; 5,000l for medicines , and the remainder for transfers made to that from other estimates . The compassionate list and king 's bounty estimate was increased in charge 7,600l in consequence of the increase in the number of prisoners that were entitled to relief . The estimate of the barrack department in Ireland , was increased in charge 23,000l . ; a very large portion of which arose from the lodging and fuel-money for recruiting parties from regiments on the British establishment . The charge on the estimate of the Irish Commissariat would be found to have increased 73,000l . This was to be ascribed to the transfer to that department of the forage estimates . On a general view of the whole of these estimates , it would appear , he observed , that there was a diminution in the number of men of 514 ; and that there was an increase in the charge of 42,000l . Against this increase of charge , however , must be set , the saving which would arise from diminishing the number of days on which the local militia were to be trained , which saving did not distinctly appear on the face of the estimates , and a balance would then be left of 60,000l . Of course he was aware that in such a variety of details there were many articles which he must have left unexplained . He would reserve himself , however , for whatever inquiries might be made on the subject , to make any explanations which might be necessary . Having said thus mach , his lordship observed , that he would sit down without detaining the committee longer , were he not anxious to draw the attention of the committee to the state of our regular army , and 193 to the view which government took of that subject . This was a topic which obviously divided itself into two considerations—first , the amount of the force necessary ; and secondly , the means by which that force should be kept up and . rendered effectual to its purpose.—With respect to the first consideration , it was a matter of congratulation to the country , that parliament was not now called upon to devise the means of creating a regular army It was not as at the commencement of the war , when all we had to oppose to the invader , was the ardent and invincible , but undisciplined spirit of the people . That time was gone by . The country had now the satisfaction to see that they possessed a regular military establishment so powerful , as not only to enable us to lay our heads on our pillows in security , but also to arrest the progress of the enemy in those countries which he had already called his own.— ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) The attention of parliament , therefore , must be directed , not to the means of augmenting the regular army , but to the means of keeping it effective and complete . In order satisfactorily to pursue and perfect the investigation of this question , it became necessary to consider , first , what would be the probable amount of annual casualties , and secondly , from what sources the supply of those casualties could best and most effectually be provided . The regular force of the country , exclusive of artillery , amounted to 235,000 men , of whom about 211,000 might be considered fully effective . But considering the various , and some of them dangerous , services in which our army was unavoidably engaged , the casualties could not be assumed at less than 22 or 23,000 men . For this number , therefore , it would be necessary to provide . What were the means ?