, for corn , foreign freights , and government expences alone , exclusive of our ordinary imports , is estimated at from 20 to 25 millions sterling , leaving a balance upon the whole of our payments , commercial and political , of from 8 to 12 millions a year against us ? With such a balance against us , how is it possible to add to our stock of gold ? with what description of value are we to purchase it abroad , or how retain it in circulation if we had it ? If the Committee 1008 were prepared to recommend ; that our army should be withdrawn from the Peninsula , and our foreign expenditure be cut down , I can understand that they might hope , through a total change of system , and an abandonment of our allies ; to bring the exchanges round , and , through a favourable exchange , to bring back the precious , metals : but , to persist in exertion against the enemy , and to break down : the existing system of our currency , does appear to me to be utterly impracticable . I before adverted to the advantages Scotland had derived from a local currency undisturbed in its circulation , by being diverted to the liquidation of external demands . The same result is now observable in the currency of the whole empire : we feel the inconveniences of an adverse exchange in our foreign intercourse and expenditure ; but it does not affect our internal prosperity in the slightest degree . The enemy may embarrass us in the disposal of our superfluous produce ; in Our external expenditure , and supplies from the continent ; but he can not produce the smallest impression on our internal system . How small , comparatively , is the external question , and how absurd would it be for us to suffer our immense transactions at home to be deranged , by attempting to conform them to all the violent fluctuations which the enemy 's lawless power can give to the continental exchanges , and , through them , to the price of bulhon . We have happily , through the integrity and wealth of our Bank , and a state of credit between man and man unexmpled in any other state , succeeded in realizing a system which the enemy can not snake , and which if preserved , is likely , under Providence to carry us safely through all our difficulties Let us recollect the successive efforts which have been made by the enemy to shake this mighty empire , —first , by arms and invasion ; subsequently ; through jacobinical principles and rebellion ; latterly , through the extinction of commerce . All these have failed , and yielded to his last hope of shaking your safety through the destruction of your established currency—the instrument of your prosperity and the source of all your power . It is well known when the Report we are now considering reached Paris , at the close of last session , the ruler of France was upon the point of abandoning his anti-commercial decrees ; he had convinced himself , that what had annoyed Great Britain , had ruined France and her vassal states . 1009 The view presented by the Report of the state of our currency , the declaration of its depreciation , the indispensible necessity of returning to cash payments , the exaggerated picture of the mischiefs inflicted on this country by its bank-paper not being convertible into cash , and all these effects declared to have resulted directly from the decrees in question , decided the ruler of France , not only to persevere in his commercial warfare , but with aggravated severity . Hence the burning supplement , the seizure of Holland , & c. It was obvious to him that , if we were obliged to retrace our steps , our exertions abroad must be contracted ; the prospect was encouraging , and was worth the attempt . It rests with the parliament of Great Britain to make him feel that this new attempt