claims in parliament , would do so in power . So far I gave a pledge , and no farther . rose . rose to order . . Certainly this has gone into a digression . It will be for the House to consider how far they will allow it . submitted to the candour of the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) whether , in justice even to him , he might not be permitted to explain . He did not say that the pledge had been given in so many words , or in a writing drawn up for the purpose . again rose to order , and appealed to the chair . maintained there was no disorder , except what was occasioned by him who called for order . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had explained two or three times , and why should not his hon . friend be heard with equal patience . said , that his hon . friend 's words were directly in explanation . stated , that he considered 49 the pledge as given by accepting office , when it had previously been relinquished on the sole ground of a refusal to consent to any such pledge . Under these circumstances the king had been deceived , unless the gentlemen accepting office understood themselves to be bound . then rose . adverted to the inconvenience that must result from allowing these explanations to go into so much length , and thought it better the matter should rest . then stated in explanation , that the majority of the Catholics of Ireland were in no worse a condition than Protestants of the same rank . . Perhaps , Sir , I was not a very proper person to rise to order , but no matter for that : I confess it . When I do get up , however , I speak to the subject ; aye , and pretty freely , too . When the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) talked about his bond and his sealing on honour , and things of that kind , all it came to in the end was 'supposing . ' For that matter , I could suppose any thing myself . But he has no right to talk of other people , for I never saw a set of men sneak out of their offices in the way his own friends did.—They shewed a great deal of uneasiness . They sneaked out most contemptibly . [ Order . ] 'Pon my honour , Sir , it is not merely my own remark , I speak on suggestion . But the hon . gent . has no right to say or suppose that my right hon . friend would enter into a bond : No , he would disdain such a thing . He shewed them that in late affairs—he shewed them a spirit , I think , which they felt , aye , and heartily too.— [ Hear , hear ! ] —As to these Irish affairs that they talked so much of now , why , I remember very well myself , about 30 years ago , a set of people coming down to this House , just like the hon . gentlemen , sweating and fuming , all in a fame like a steam engine . [ A laugh . ] The cry was then , `` Wo n't you grant Ireland arms to fight for you ? '' Well , we did give them 60,000 stand of arms , and they turned them against us . I have no great faith in Catholic emancipation . I think that there is a radical and rooted antipathy between England and Ireland . [ Order ! ] Well , then , try Catholic emancipation , if you think it will do . I care no more for a Catholic than I do for a Chinese . Give the fellows in their red waistcoats and blue breeches every thing they want . But it wo n't do . No , let the great men of the