The suspension of the cash payments of the Bank had hitherto always been treated as a necessary evil ; as an expedient , upon which we were forced with reluctance , and of which we had the decency at least to pretend to desire and to anticipate the discontinuance : but , in the view of the subject which has been taken by these supporters of the right hon . gentleman 's Propositions , the Bank Restriction is now become the staple resource in our pecuniary system ; it is to be avowed as the standing policy of the state , and to be prized as an invention long desired , and now happily found , for supplying boundless exertion with inexhaustible and un-exhausting finance . The decision of the House , therefore , important as it would undoubtedly be , if it should either confirm the recommendation of the Bullion Committee , or substitute in its stead some other practical measure for the termination of the Bank Restriction , will yet be not less ( I had almost said will be more ) important , if , even re- 1081 jecting that recommendation , and Confirming the continuance of the restriction , it shall nevertheless at the same time recognize the general principles which that Committee have laid down ; and shall separate and distinguish the measure of the restriction itself , from the false and dangerous arguments by which it has been not only justified as an expedient , but recommended as a system . To record principles which are true , and which have been called in question , is not of itself an idle nor an un parliamentary practice : and it is no paradox to say , that to record principles is never so much a matter of duty as when some over-ruling necessity obliges us to a practical departure from them . It then becomes incumbent upon us to prove that we are acting indeed from necessity , not from indifference , or change of system ; to take care that our deviation shall not be made a precedent to be resorted to hereafter on occasions of less urgency ; to provide that the exception shall not be erected into the rule . This then is the answer which I give to those who represent the concluding Resolution of the honourable and learned chairman ( Mr. Horner , ) of the Bullion Committee , as the only essential object of our deliberations ; and who would persuade us , that , if we are not prepared to decide with him upon the opening of the Bank , we have nothing to do with all his preliminary Resolutions but to get rid of them as quickly as possible . I , for one , am not prepared to vote with him for the opening of the Bank ; I shall vote against the honourable gentleman 's concluding Resolution : but I think that , according to all sound and practical views , the question , important as it is , whether the Bank shall be opened or shut , sinks into insignificance in comparison with that which has been raised with respect to the principles upon which the whole money system , and consequently the whole credit of the country , essentially depends . Give me the affirmation by parliament of the first ten Resolutions of the honourable and learned gentleman—those Resolutions which state ( and state correctly ) the principles of that money system from which we have been compelled to depart , and the effects of our departure from them ; and I would not unwillingly consent to a compromise with the right hon . gentleman opposite to me ( Mr . Vansittart . ) I would on that condition adopt the two 1082 last of his propositions ; adopt them in substance at least , —so far as to agree with him that this is not the moment at which our cash payments can be resumed , or at which the precise period of their resumption can be determined . The right hon . gentleman ought surely to be satisfied with this