a conviction that such a measure was necessary . in reply , instanced the inconveniences which had been experienced through a money Bill being hurried through the House , imposing a tax on advertisements , which Bill was passed before the representations and explanations of the people of Ireland were received . He also mentioned another instance of the tax imposed upon hand bills . He thought it his duty , however friendly he might be to the legislative union of the two countries , to bring those circumstances forward , and to communicate to the House the general feelings of the people . Nothing could be more injurious to the interest of the empire than to oppose such a Resolution ; nothing more likely to counteract the efforts of the Union . in allusion to what had been said by the hon . baronet respecting the Bill which he had spoken of as having been passed before the remonstrance of the people of Ireland could be received , appealed to the House ( having stated the progress of it ) if it could be said to have been hurried through the House . He then replied to the other statements of the hon . baronet , and vindicated the conduct of the House , in the instances to which allusions had been made . He denied that the House had been in the habit of neglecting the business of Ireland : so far from that being the fact , every degree of attention was paid to it which the importance of the subject could require . would not take individual instances that might be adduced , as proving that general inconvenience was not experienced . believed the right hon . gent , who brought forward the motion did it from the best of motives ; but the alteration , if carried , would , he had reason to believe , be of great detriment to the liberties of the House . He did not see the necessity of it . The press of business in the three last sessions of parliament could alone give a colour to its necessity ; but in each of these sessions important public inquiries were carried on . The present session was not likely to be attended with a similar press of business . The great evil was the shortening the period of the sitting of parliament , which had taken place since the union . It was , it seemed , inconvenient for the Irish members to come over till after Christmas , and it was inconvenient for the English members to sit after Midsummer ; so that something was cut off from the beginning and something from the end , and the session reduced from 26 to 20 weeks . If the motion was carried , it should be followed up with other measures to make it complete . All Orders of the Day should be called on in succession ; and no new Bill should pass the House , the debate of which began after 10 o'clock . He complained of the want of perception in many respectable members of the House , of the evils that would follow the motion ; and he was afraid , though the order was only to remain for a session , it would in all likelihood become an annual vote . He then adverted to the days—the House had never sat any time on Saturday since 1793 , and that day went for nothing ; while the minister had Monday , Wednesday , and Friday . He hoped he would limit his days to Wednesday and Friday . thanked the hon . gent , for his candour . He conceived , however , that the imagined dangers to the liberties of the House were merely a phantom of his own creation . With respect to the business of the House being less in this than in former sessions , it was too early yet to determine so . With respect to the curtailment of the period of the session , nothing of importance was really ever done before Christmas . He did not see