on a former evening , and proposed as a clause or rider to the Mutiny Bill . The title of the Bill he now proposed to introduce was , `` An Act for the better securing Liberty of Conscience . '' did not object to the first reading of the Bill , but reserved to himself the opportunity of expressing his sentiments with respect to such a measure on a subsequent stage . He continued , however , to think that such a legislative provision was wholly unnecessary . The Bill being read a first time , the noble mover named an early day for its second reading , which the noble lord on the woolsack thinking too soon , urged , as a reason to the contrary , the extreme brevity of the Bill , which contained but two clauses , and was very unlike those cloak-bags of acts , which the noble and learned lord was used to.—He notified his intention to move the second reading of the Bill on Tuesday . rose to move , pursuant to notice , for the printing of the evidence and the verdict given at the inquisition of the coroner of Surry , on the view of the body of the unfortunate man who died in the Marshalsea prison . The noble lord prefaced his motion with a variety of observations , tending to shew the propriety of the proceeding he recommended , and also of a further investigation into the business . There appeared to him , on his view of the evidence , a degree of inconsistency between what had been so delivered , and the verdict pronounced by the jury . A degree of mystery seemed to hang upon it , and even in justice to the jury , the proceedings , he thought , should be printed , and the whole case further investigated . Were his interference on the present occasion attended with no other effect than to call the attention of the legislature generally to the state of the pri- 445 sons , he was satisfied that his endeavours would not be wholly useless . He did not mean to attribute blame to any individual with respect to the actual state of the prison in question , or to impugn the humanity of the keeper of the prison , but the state of the prison , as to the building , and want of accommodation , was such as to render it improper for the purpose for which it was designed . made a few observations in consequence of what fell from the noble lord . He expressed his desire for every proper investigation to be made into the affair alluded to , and his individual willingness to exert himself to that end ; but he suggested that the appointment of a Committee to inquire would be a much more efficacious mode . His lord-ship also observed , that the buildings and repairs alluded to by the noble lord , for the better accommodation of the prisoners , were in considerable forwardness . After a short explanation from lord Holland , and a few words from lord Ellenborough , the motion for the printing of the verdict and evidence , was agreed to , and a Committee of Inquiry appointed . said he should beg leave , before their lordships proceeded to the order of the day , to call their attention to a circumstance which appeared to him of the utmost importance . What he was about to advert to , every man was acquainted with , namely , the Directors of the Bank of England having taken upon themselves to exercise the highest prerogative of the sovereign , not less than to raise the denomination of the current coin of the realm , and by the advice of a Committee of the King 's privy council . He confessed that all the ideas he had formed of the monarchy under which we lived , and even all his ideas of the parliamentary constitution of the country , were erroneous , if the measure to which he alluded were justifiable . It was further to