present state of commercial credit , and in avowing the intention of proposing to the Committee to adopt the measure recommended by the Select Committee , he thought it necessary to state , that he had made up his mind to express his opinion with great reluctance , and not till after very serious consideration . He admitted that parliament was not bound , nay he contended that parliament ought not to be called upon to interfere for the purpose of providing against any misfortunes to which incautious adventurers might have exposed themselves ; because he conceived that , reasoning on general principles , such an unqualified interference would have a tendency , by relieving the apprehensions of individuals with respect to the result of commercial speculations in which they might have engaged , to diminish the caution so necessary on these subjects , and which was the best check to rash and ill-advised adventures . But while he stated this as a general principle , he yet apprehended that there might be many great exceptions to the rule ; and that the question must always be as to the merits of the particular case . Of this he was at least persuaded , that those hon . gentlemen who agreed with him , that a similar interference of parliament in 1793 was wise and necessary , could not now broadly deny in toto the expediency of such an inference . They might argue that the interference , though expedient and proper in 1790 , was not fitting at present . But they could not assert that all interference was improper at any time . The question , he repeated , must depend upon the circumstances of the particular case ; and in this view he conceived that the report of the Select Committee afforded sufficient grounds for the motion with which he should conclude . The consideration of this important subject , he observed , divided itself into three heads : —First , the nature and extent of the evils which the manufactures and commerce of the country were enduring ; —Secondly , what were the causes of those evils ; —And thirdly , the measures by which the evils might with the greatest probability be removed.—With respect to the first of these considerations , he apprehended 329 there could be no difference of opinion whatever , but that the nature and extent of the distress , described in the report of the Select Committee , rendered it advisable that parliament should , if possible , adopt some measure by which that evil might at least be diminished . It appeared distinctly by the report , that the distress , originating with the merchant , and disabling him from paying the manufacturer , was felt most severely by the manufacturer , and those employed by him . All the principal manufacturers had been compelled to contract , and some wholly to suspend their works . It appeared by the report , that there was scarcely a cotton manufacturer in the kingdom who had not diminished , by one half , the number of persons employed in his mills ; and that many of the smaller manufacturers had discharged their people altogether . It appeared also , that those who were retained by the first description of manufacturers , were retained at a reduced rate of wages . The consequences must necessarily be , as they were represented to be in the report of the Select Committee , that the most calamitous distress prevailed throughout many of the manufacturing districts . The report also stated , that the merchants who traded with the Western world not being able to find an adequate market for their produce , this circumstance aggravated the distress of the manufacturers ; and the whole operating upon the other branches of trade , although not immediately connected with those to which he had referred , produced a general want of confidence , and suspension of credit , which required the prompt and effectual application of some adequate remedy . Thus much he felt it necessary to premise as to the extent of the evil . With