security as every thing , and quantity as nothing . He proposed that paper money should be supplied ( he did not specify in his book at what rate of interest ) to as many borrowers as should think fit to apply , and should offer the security of land , estimated at two thirds of its value . This paper , though not convertible into the precious metals , could not , as Mr. Law assumed , be depreciated . It would represent , as he said , real property , and would be worth even more than the precious metals , because land was not subject to the same fall in value as gold and silver . He forgot that there might be no bounds to the demand for paper ; that the increasing quantity would contribute to the rise of commodities : and the rise of commodities require , and seem to justify , a still further increase . Prices in France rose to four times their antecedent amount ; great seeming prosperity was experienced for a time ; but in the end , the fall of exchanges , and the exportation of money , served to detect the error of the system ; and successive alterations of the standard of the coin were among the means of recovery to which the government resorted . The Bank of Mr. Law preceded the French Mississippi scheme , and was formed , in some measure , after the example of the Bank of England ; but its notes , after a short time , were made a legal tender , and they were lent at the low rate of 3 per cent . interest . In the progress of the scheme , the Bank became confounded with the Mississippi company , for whose actions the Bank notes were interchangeable ; so that it was not easy to trace causes 914 and effects through the whole progress of those extraordinary speculations . The present state of the currencies in Surinam and Demerara afforded another proof of the tendency of an increase of paper to influence exchanges . In one of these places , the circulating medium consisted of paper ; in the other , of coin ; and before these colonies came into our possession , the coin of Demerara had even been of less value than the paper of Surinam , that paper having been carefully limited . Through the facility of the government of Surinam , the paper , as he had heard , had been exceedingly augmented , and it was now of only about one-third its former value , and one-third the present value of the coin of the neighbouring settlement . In Austria there had been a manifest excess of paper , and a corresponding fall in its value , indicated by the exchange . The case was somewhat the same at Lisbon . Indeed , in all parts of Europe , Hamburgh , Amsterdam , and Paris excepted , the principle of a standard seeme to have been lost ; a suspension of cash payments had every where taken place ; and paper had been issued to excess , and had also been depreciated . It belonged , therefore , to Great Britain to take care that she did not follow the course of so many nations on the ' continent ; and it would be most presumptuous in her to assume that her Bank , on account of some undefined difference in its constitution , could act on their principles , and yet not share in their fate . The Directors of the Bank of England , as he had already shewn , before the suspension of their cash payments , had been used to lessen their paper when they experienced a drain of their cash . The quantity of currency , indeed , when gold was in circulation , in the event of a very unfavourable exchange , lessened itself , for a part of it was transported to other countries . No such natural corrective now existed ; and it therefore was important that the general and permanent state of the