them , because he conceived they would be attended with a bad effect , many of the facts stated in them would go out to the public not properly digested , and the 429 most erroneous inferences would probably be drawn from them . He thought the proposition should not have been brought forward , until a previous inquiry had been made . The subject had engrossed much of his attention , and he did not think there was a gentleman to whom he had the honour of being known , who could for a moment imagine that he would have been so lost to his duty as not to have turned it over with his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , near him . All he desired was , at a proper opportunity , to have a regular discussion on this most interesting topic . He should have been himself anxious to propose inquiry on the subject , if the necessary documents were on the table , and a full attendance of gentlemen from Ireland ; but he could not think the present a fit opportunity , when he was deprived of their assistance.—Having spoken thus generally , he next came to that part of the subject which related to the taxes he had recommended . From the year 1807 till the last year , he had not proposed a tax which was not connected with the excise on spirits or malt . But the distillery prohibition , which had been introduced into Ireland , completely disarranged the whole system of that part of the revenue , and in consequence they had not been able accurately to ascertain the amount of the excise . With respect to the more recent taxes , he was glad the right hon . bart . had noticed them , as it afforded him an opportunity of refuting several misstatements . The first was the window tax : this was said to have been raised 50 percent , and to have borne hard on the public in general . His intention , however , had been , to affect the manufacturer as little as possible , and not to press on the lower ranks of society , as the tax only attached to houses where there were seven windows ; and those who knew Ireland could say , whether such a measure was likely to oppress the poor . He denied that the bill had a retrospective effect . It proceeded on the same principle as the tax here on coaches or servants . Thus , if a person set up a coach in the month of December , he was charged for the whole year . If a person made a window at any particular period , of course he was liable to be charged for the window so formed from the time of his last payment . With respect to the sum which this tax had produced , it was estimated at 85,000l . and produced 80,000l . There was , therefore , an arrear of 5,000 l. 430 due on the new window tax , which probably would be recovered . The addition of one penny each on the postage of letters , had not been so unproductive as was stated . It had been estimated at 35,000l . per ann ; and the receipt for the half-year , from June last , was 17,000l . although every person must know the difficulty under which a measure of this description must labour when it was first produced . The next was the increased duty on advertisements . This increase , he contended , was calculated to serve the revenue , while it affected those only who were in the higher stations of life . But , he should be asked , if it were so beneficial , why did it produce so little ? The reason , he believed , was this : the moment the tax was known , the printers immediately advertised , that , in consequence of the measure , their circulation would be ruined ; and , ' therefore , it would