other circumstances affecting the charge of reproduction may necessarily occasion . I use the term domestic circulating medium , because the policy of our laws never intended that either our coin or our Bank-paper should constitute any part of our foreign currency , or means of exchange with foreign states : that operation the law 1005 has assigned to commodities , and to bullion , with the agency of bills of exchange . I apprehend it is no answer to this reasoning , to say such a law is nugatory in itself , and that the coin will be exported in defiance of law : the principle is not the less true , nor can it be pronounced impracticable in its application , except in the convulsed state in which trade now is , when bullion has acquired a supernatural agency , and consequently a supernatural value . As both coin and paper are intended to act as mere domestic instruments of circulation , any influence which diverts either from that purpose , has a direct tendency to derange the machine of circulation , by altering its proportional amount to the business it has to transact . What has been the effect of the Restriction Bill , and the fraudulent export of our coin r To reduce the machine of circulation to the extent of the guineas withdrawn , suppose to the amount of 20 millions . What must have been the effect of such a quantity withdrawn and not replaced by paper ? That the remainder of the circulating medium , supposing it 20 millions more , must have doubled in value , and all commodities fallen one half , to the entire subversion of all existing contracts , the convulsion of public credit , and the probable interruption of national industry . What then became necessary ? Why that the place of the coin withdrawn should be supplied by paper , and to such an extent as to preserve , not to alter the relative proportion previously subsisting between the circulating medium and the circulating property of the country . If the proportion is preserved , the value of the paper must remain unchanged as a medium of internal purchase ; and such I believe to be the case : my conviction is , that , subject to variations in prices , arising from other causes ( which would have equally operated had paper and gold been interchangeable ) , Bank-paper has preserved its full standard of value with all other commodities , bullion excepted . It may be said , how can you prove that proposition , when paper is not convertible into coin on demand ? My answer is—can you prove the reverse ? It is a matter of opinion , and I refer to the current prices , fairly examined , in support of my opinions . But it is said the paper is the mere representative of the precious metals , and is depreciated when not convertible into them : but is it seriously meant to be contended 1006 that gold may not be augmented in value 20 , 30 , 50 , or 100 per cent . from special causes such as are now in operation ? and , if so , on whom is the loss to fall on supplying coin at such a price ? Can it be imagined that the Bank is bound both to find gold and to keep up its circulation of notes , when such is the demand for the precious metals to be employed in war , and in purchases abroad ? The Bank , if permitted to discontinue its issues , to leave the commercial world without discounts , and to bring ruin on all private , commercial , and banking establishments , might , without delay , I have no doubt , pay off all its outstanding notes in gold . I have no doubt also , notwithstanding the present disturbed state of the world , that by contracting their issues to 3 or 4 millions of notes , the Bank might continue uninterruptedly to pay in cash ; the unnatural value thus given