. If , then , it was found necessary to act upon this law , which had never before 272 been acted upon , I am much surprised that a proclamation to that effect had not been previously issued by the lord lieutenant and privy council . That would have been a fair , liberal , and parental course . There would in such case be a great authority weighing on the minds of the people . It would have had the sanction of the great law authorities in the state . Indeed , not to have applied to the privy council previous to the measure , shewed a want of common prudence , I had almost said , common justice . This course not having been pursued , I wish to know whether the law officers in Ireland were consulted ? Whether the letter now on this table was laid before , and had the sanction of , the Irish Attorney and Solicitor General ? Because even if the necessity for putting this law in force was so urgent , so binding and imperative , as not to allow the delay of submitting it to the privy council , it at least , without any danger to the public safety , could be laid before these law authorities , with whom the lord lieutenant is in the habit of consulting on the execution of the laws . The right hon . member , in the circular letter , warns the sheriffs of counties , that it had been reported to the Irish government that delegates were to be elected to an illegal meeting , calling itself the Catholic Committee . Upon what grounds is it that he has designated that body an unlawful assembly ? Is it unlawful in its own nature ? If it be so , why has he suffered it to exist so long in the very seat of government ? Thinking it unlawful , did he , however , conceive it more judicious to connive at it ? And if , though unlawful , he did connive at it , it is most important to the peace of the empire , and to the tranquillity of Ireland , that we should know the circumstances which induced him all of a sudden to depart from his previous system , and to arrest this as '' sembly in the exercise of its functions . This letter of the right hon . secretary applies to the past , as well as to the future conduct of the Catholics of Ireland . Why was it not thought proper to notice that past conduct before ? The Catholic Committee have done no act since the 19th of January , no act before the 12th of February ; and all their proceedings before that time were acts of such public notoriety , that it is impossible they could have escaped the notice of the duke of Richmond , who must be acquainted with the most ordinary transactions of the country '' Yet all these acts were allowed , and unno- 273 ticed by the Irish government , till the 12th of February , when the sheriffs of the different counties were directed to inform the magistrates within their bounds to arrest all those who should have voted for any delegation to the Catholic Committee . Why were the Catholics not previously warned of this proceeding ? Why was the affair allowed to go peaceably on , till it arrived at such maturity , and why is it now all of a sudden looked upon with such a degree of abhorrence ? The magistrates are ordered to arrest all such persons as may have been concerned in voting such delegates , and commit them at once on bail . This is a proceeding rather extraordinary , certainly for a first act , that the first notice which magistrates should receive , was to advert directly not to the future but to the past ; that the government knew the existence of the Catholic Committee , was aware of the proceedings of the Catholic Committee , and yet never warned them to abstain