enemy himself , but between our real character , and the character which he has so calumniously ascribed to us . I do not allude here to his representations of the contempt with which he says we are treated by the continent , but to that picture which he has drawn of our objects and intentions as compared with his own merciful and paternal government . The Committee Will , I hope , permit me to refer to his language upon both these topics , that I may have an opportunity of comparing them with facts , and drawing from them those conclusions which experience justifies— [ Here the right hon . gent , read Several passages from the addresses of general Massena to the Portuguese ; the chief points of which were , that the army of Napoleon the Great did not come to invade ; but to benefit their country , and act differently towards them from England , which risked nothing in their behalf ; that it Was the wish of the great monarch to improve their condition ; that there was a fatality attached to the English armies , which rendered them of no use to their allies ; that while France only made war upon sovereigns , England sought to destroy merchandise and trade ; and that our troops had pursued a system of compulsion and barbarity towards the inhabitants , of which history furnished no parallel . ] The right hon . gentlemen then proceeded : —For the English part of this character I refer to the application of lord Wellington in behalf of those very Portuguese whom he is charged with oppressing and destroying ; and for the French part , I do not see how I can better meet it than by lord Wellington 's last dispatch , which exhibits , in proper colours , their hollow and insidious promises . The dispatch to which I allude speaks thus of the retreat of the French army : `` On the night the enemy withdrew from their positron ; and they have since burnt every town and tillage through which they have passed . The Content of Alcobaca was burnt by order from the French head quarters . The Bishop 's Palace , and the whole town of Leyria , in which gen. Drouet had had his head quarters , shared the same fate ; and there is not an inhabitant of the country of any class or description , who has had any dealing or communication with the French army , who has not had reason to repent of it , and to complain of them . This is the mode in which the promises have been performed , and the assurances have been fulfilled , which were held out in the proclamation of the French Commander in Chief ; in which he told the inhabitants of Portugal , that be was not come to make war upon them , but with a powerful army of 110,000 men , to drive the English into the sea . It is to be hoped that the example of what has occurred in this country will teach the people of this and of other nations what value they ought to place on such promises and assurances , and that there is no security for life , or for any thing which renders life valuable , excepting in decided resistance to the enemy . '' Such is the light in which the French , with all their abuse , appear to the world ; while England '' on the other hand , appears to such advantage , that it requires but one notorious act of contrast to perfect the distinction—and that act we will accomplish by our vote this night Whatever may be the result of the war in which we are engaged , whatever may be the result of the retreat of Massena ; whether ( as it promises from every calculation we can at present make ) it turns out to be a retreat With out return ; or whether , as some have professed to believe , the enormous power of Buonaparté may