a very good joke to them , but I can assure them it was no joke to the people of Dublin , who did certainly look with considerable uneasiness to the proceedings , and the intemperate language of the Committee . The lord lieutenant , however , feeling that the petition having been agreed to , and that nothing remained for the Committee to do but to choose the persons who were to carry it over , was of opinion , that bad as the proceedings of the Committee had been , mischievous as the publication of their debates had proved and great as was the ferment occasioned in Dublin by the presence of a Catholic Parliament , as it had been emphatically termed , the evil must soon cease , and that it was much better , if possible , to allow it to arrive at a termination without any interference on the part of the government , in order to convince the Catholics that there was not the slightest disposition to-interfere with them in the framing or managing their petition . But , Sir , the Catholic Committee did not stop here ; the next step they took , about the middle of December , was to appoint a Committee of Grievances . This Catholic Committee , originally appointed for the sole purpose of preparing a petition to parliament , appointed a Sub-committee to inquire into all the grievances , real or imaginary , of all the Catholics of Ireland , and into all the indignities and insults which they might suffer , or to which they were inconsequence liable . At one of the meetings of the Committee a member informed them , that he had received a letter from Dr . Troy , which contained an account of some shocking acts of bigotry which had been manifested in the management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin . I have never seen this letter of Dr . Troy 's , and therefore I can only speak of it from what passed in the debates . It is necessary , Sir , in order that the House may understand this part of the subject , that I should explain the nature of the charitable institution to which I have alluded , and the principles on which it is governed . The Foundling Hospital was established by act of parliament , and receives annually large parliamentary grants . Every child that is brought to it is received , without any distinction whatever , and there are generally about twelve hundred children in the hospital , and about four or five thousand are at nurse in the country . The governors of this hospital are among the most respectable ; indeed , I 289 may say they are the most respectable persons in Ireland ; and there is not a single institution in that country , or perhaps in : any other , that is conducted in a more exemplary manner . All the children received into this hospital have some name or label brought with them , which is entered into a secret book , and a number is given to the child , by which it is distinguished while it remains in the house , and not by any name . As this is a government institution , supported , as I have already said , by parliamentary grants , the children that are received into it arc , of course , brought up in the established religion of the country , and , when apprenticed , they are apprenticed to Protestant masters . However , when any person , whether Catholic or Protestant , claims a child , and states the private name , or mark , by which it was distinguished when it was received , the child is instantly delivered up to the person making the application . I have not seen Dr . Troy 's Setter , but I understand that it accused the governors of '' this institution of endeavouring to gain proselytes to Protestantism , by contriving that no Catholic should ever receive his child ; and it narrated a shocking circumstance