not a prospect , that , in twelve months at least , commerce might experience some advantageous change . Yet even were this change but barely possible , instead of being probable , in his opinion the measure proposed by the Select Committee ought to be adopted . Parliament ought at least to make the attempt to relieve the distress . No one could say that the attempt may not be completely successful . The worst that could happen was , that it would leave the commerce of the country , at the expiration of the twelvemonth , in no better a state than that in which it was at present . He contended , therefore , that as it could not make the state of commerce worse , but might make it much better , Parliament were bound to try the measure recommended to them . To meliorate the state of commerce , if not wholly to restore it , would be an advantage . The increasing consumption of the domestic markets , the opening of the markets of the Western world , would afford some relief ; and when to this was added that further opening which might result from the chances of war , the whole afforded , in his opinion , a sufficient justification of the proposed effort . The justice of this reasoning would be confirmed by a consideration of the nature of the existing grievances , as particularly connected with the cotton manufacture . The rapid growth of this manufacture , up to the period when the distress began to be strongly felt , was really extraordinary . It appeared by the report of the Committee , that the official value of cotton manufactures exported from Great Britain , in the year ending the 5th of January , 1808 , was 9,846,889l . ; in the year ending the 5th of January , 1809 , 332 of January , 1810 , 18,616,723l . ; and in the three quarters ending the 10th of October , 1810 , 13,761,136l . It thus appeared that the exports were doubled in two years , and that the trade was suddenly checked when at its very acme . The immediate revulsion which such a check would occasion , must necessarily be felt with the greatest severity . If time then were allowed the merchants and manufacturers to bring themselves round , the evil would be materially diminished . It was to this object that the proposed measure was directed . It went to give the merchants and traders an opportunity of applying to other resources , and to spread over a larger period of time that pressure of distress , which , if confined to a single moment , must overwhelm those who were its victims . He had now , in his apprehension , said enough to satisfy the Committee that although the present case differed in some respects from that of 1793 , there was a sufficient resemblance to warrant him in recommending the adoption of a proposition at the present period similar to that adopted in 1793 . In doing this , however , regard must be had to the circumstance , that the extent of the trade on which the present distress operated was much greater than in 1793 . If the Committee , therefore , desired to make the measure effectual , if they wished not to starve it by a stinted vote , they would agree to the recommendation of the Select Committee , that the relief afforded should be six millions , instead of five . The Commissioners appointed in 1793 , although empowered to grant relief to the extent of five millions , did not actually issue more than two millions two hundred thousand pounds . On a similar principle , he should propose to empower the Commissioners in the present instance , to grant relief to the extent of six millions , not with the supposition that that sum would be required , but that relief being open to such an extent , the credit of those who were suffering might be sustained without , and themselves rendered able