his means , and demonstrated those great and powerful resources which enabled him to terminate the tremendous warfare in which he was 409 engaged by the complete and entire accomplishment of his objects , namely , the overthrow of the Austrian armies , and the subjugation of its empire ? —Again let me bring back to the recollection of the House the fearful danger with which he was threatened in his campaign in Poland ; can we forget that there again he was at one time exhausted in men , in money , in supplies , and had even lost the confidence of those who served under him ? Did he sink under these accumulated difficulties ? did he relax in his exertions , or lower his tone of menace and command ? No , he recruited his armies from the most distant extremity of his empire ; he brought troops from Italy , from the Pyrenees , from every quarter of the globe , and terminated this contest with the same success , the same accomplishment of his objects , which he has ever attained . After the experience we have had of these events , is it possible for any man , however sanguine , however wedded to the war in Portugal , to deceive himself into the belief that any check winch his army sustained , or even the total overthrow and destruction of marshal Massena , would loosen one nail in the iron crown of this modern Charlemaigne . Away then with such idle , such impotent reasoning . I am conscious that I have trespassed long on the patience of the House , but it was impossible for me to allow this proposition to be granted , without stating , as strongly as I was enabled , my objections to the system which has been pursued by our government , and which again I must maintain has placed us in the unfortunate dilemma , as to leave us no option upon the grant of this sum for the maintenance of the Portuguese troops . Before I sit down I must again guard myself against the possibility of being charged with censuring or condemning the conduct of our army On the contrary , no man in this country is more ready to bear testimony to its good conduct , no Englishman is more proud of its valor , discipline , patience , and unconquerable spirit . With respect to its officers . I can only say that their merits surpass all power of praise ; and I should indeed be wanting to every feeling of my heart , to every conviction of my mind , if I was not forward to add my tribute of applause and admiration to the skill , the courage , the indefatigable exertions of my gallant and noble friend , the commander in chief . To his spirit , to his talents , the country and the army owe every thing that has 410 been achieved ; what man could do , he has done ; but I must ever lament that what is done , can never , from the nature of its policy , be beneficial either to our allies or to this country . I deprecate the system which has led us to act as principals instead of auxiliaries in this war ; a system which every day furnishes to my mind , stronger and more convincing proofs , that it must eventually lead to our destruction ; you may protract the period , it is not perhaps the interest of Buonaparté to bring the contest to an immediate issue , but be it sooner or later , the result , in my judgment , is inevitable , if the system is pursued . said , that he had listened to the speech of the hon . gent . who spoke last with great attention , but could not agree with him in the statements he had made , nor in the conclusions he had drawn . Several of the arguments he had used were such as might be applied with some propriety in the last session ,