is proved `` Oh ! but , '' says the right hon . gentle- 1091 man `` the Bank note represents the coin itself ; quacnus coin ; and has no reference or relation to the quantity of gold or silver which that coin contains . '' But does not the right hon . gentleman see that it is impossible for him to avail himself of l the law in one instance and to deny its operation in the other ? —The King 's Proclamation confirmed by Act of Parliament has fixed the denomination of the coin ; which denomination it is admitted on all hands , the Bank note continues to represent : but the same Act of Parliament has fixed the weight of the coin as the sole and indispensible test of the value which that denomination implies . The law ( as the tight hon . gentleman well knows ) watches with such scrupulous anxiety over the weight of the guinea , as to consider the loss of a single grain as sufficient to destroy its character as a legal coin . When the law evinces this anxiety about weight , is it not a little too much to assume in argument that its only care is denomination ? But what is the proposition for the sake of which this assumption is hazarded ? —Not simply that Banknotes are a convenient symbol of coin , but that they are actually equivalent to it . In proof of this equivalency it is contended that the law has bound them together . First , this argument would prove too much : it would undoubtedly get rid of all the embarrassing considerations of standard , of weight , and of intrinsic value ; but , on the other band , those who maintain it would be involved in absurdities , which even the ingenuity of the righthon . gent . could not reconcile . They would have to maintain , for instance , that in the year 1095 , when , previous to the resolution taken to reform the silver coinage , arguments something like those which are now used on the right hon gentleman 's side of the question , prevailed upon the legislature to try the experiment of a statute by which it was made penal to receive or tender the unclipped coin at any higher price than the clipped coin , —they would have to maintain , I say , that from the passing of that act , the clipped and unclipped coin of the country became precisely equivalent ; in other words , that an ounce of silver in the one became , by the operation of the statute , equal to an ounce and quarter of the same silver , in the other unquestioriably this can not be what the right hon . gentleman is prepared to maintain as true though I must admit on the 1092 other hand , that a subject of this country-might at that time have been punished for acting as if he thought it false . But is the relation which was thus produced by law between two things obviously of different values , equivalency ? Or is it to be imagined , that so forced and unnatural a stale of things , call it by what name you will , could be maintained by any law , —that any law could continue long in force whose purpose it was to maintain it ? The consequence of this state of things in 1695 , was the disappearance , that is to say , the hoarding , the melting , or the exportation of the perfect coin : the further consequence was , that , after a short trial of the compulsory law , Parliament found itself obliged to go to the root of the evil , and to reform the depreciated part of the currency . But moreover the right hon . gentleman 's assertion of the equivalency of coin and Bank notes , is in direct contradiction with admissions of his own . In the course of this debate he has admitted , ( though others have denied )