individual efforts , but it was the persevering and vast sacrifices which had been sustained by the public spirit , which , under the exertions and directions of that great commander—for so he must call him , though so nearly related to him by blood—had been rendered so essential to the general defence . Every man must agree , that by the whole system , all the attempts of the enemy had been frustrated ; the whole of this great combination of measures for defence had tended to exalt our military character in the highest degree , in every sober , stedfast , regular consideration of such a subject . It had manifested the wisdom of the commander , and had defeated the enemy in all his efforts . As we had felt ourselves fully justified in sustaining the military efforts of the Portuguese government , so now that we had gained that main spring of defence , the will and spirit of the Portuguese people , were we equally justified in rendering our assistance to them . When we saw that distress which they had borne with firmness and perseverance , should we not agree to give our aid for relieving them from the pressure ? Indeed , we should be laying the foundation for the erection of new military undertakings , by supporting and animating a spirit , not originally created by us , but hitherto fostered by us so successfully , and which after its sufferings and privations came back to us for farther sustenance and 'encouragement . On this great military diversion , founded in public spirit and fortitude , depended the hope of any favourable alteration in Europe , and , in no small degree , our own particular safety . The consequences of the example of Portugal might prove as beneficial to other nations of Europe as they bud hitherto been for her own defence . 747 This measure , therefore , he would repeat ' stood upon the ground of the solid , substantial policy , of encouraging what had proved so advantageous , and not simply an old attachment , friendship , and alliance . It stood on the ground of the only hope of achieving any thing in the shape of security for any part of Europe . It combined principles , in which ancient alliance and particular and general safety , were equally concerned . He was satisfied that their lordships would not repudiate those grounds of action—that they would not repudiate such old and admitted principles of national conduct , which were in such perfect consonance to every dictate of morals and of religion . The principles of our measures in Portugal were not to be characterised as sentimental , chivalrous , and , romantic : they were connected with ; every sentiment that was dear to British hearts . Hitherto we had given our aid liberally , and there were the best reasons for our continuing to do so . It was fresh in the recollection of their lordships , that they had acted on a broad , fair , and liberal scale . He hoped he had not lived to see the day , though he had sometimes been surprised by hearing something like it , when it should be said , that ancient faith , long-tried attachments , and close connections with our allies , were circumstances to be discarded from our consideration ; and that they should be sacrificed and abandoned to the mere suggestions and calculations of a cold policy . Connected and combined as every great view of such a subject was in this measure , he should not further encroach upon their lordships ' attention except to mention , that the sum he proposed for the relief of the suffering subjects of our ally in Portugal , was 100,000l . The noble marquis then read the Address to the Prince Regent , which was conformably to his Royal Highness 's message : and moved that the Address be agreed to . felt considerable difficulty in acceding to this motion , particularly when he considered how much had been done already for Portugal