even with a simple declaration of the existence and nature of the evil , such a declaration would have a powerful effect upon the conduct of the Bank of England , and consequently in checking the progress of the excessive issue and the increase of the depreciation . Yet , notwithstanding this impression , as a member of parliament I feel it my duty to propose a positive , 827 efficient legislative proceeding upon the subject . The only argument of any apparent force which I have yet heard against the repeal of the Bank Restriction art , is that which has been drawn from the state of the war in which this country is now unfortunately engaged . But however reasonable such a consideration may be ostensibly , I do not think it in reality of sufficient importance to deter the legislature from an endeavour to restore the currency of the country to a sound and legitimate state . Great as I consider the mistake committed in 1797 by the adoption of the Restriction act , I look upon the continuance of that act at the commencement of the present war infinitely more erroneous and impolitic . The former measure professed only to be temporary , called for by an unexpected exigency , and to be abandoned as soon as the circumstances that appeared to render its adoption necessary should have ceased to require its continuance . But the act of 1803 , at the commencement of this war , took from it the character of a temporary measure , and gave it a permanent shape . Why should this have been the case ? What difference did the state of war make ? It was not in the exportation of bullion for corn , that the necessity or supposed necessity of the bank restriction originated . Every one knows , that the cause of the original measure was not an unusual exportation of bullion , but an unlooked for state of internal alarm—not a permanent evil but a temporary embarrassment . In the year 1797 a most extensive failure of country banks took place , which shook the foundation of internal credit and confidence , and consequently prompted the holders of every kind of paper to demand payment for it in specie , the value of which could not he affected by the failure or solvency of any banks . A run , therefore , immediately took place , and the legislature , at the suggestion of the Bank , but apparently on the recommendation of Mr. Pitt , resorted to the measure of restriction . In my judgment the adoption of that measure was most impolitic , because it was unnecessary ; but at all events there was not a shadow of reason for continuing it in operation one moment after the temporary embarrassment that gave rise to it had passed away , and internal credit was re-established upon its former footing . There is no connection whatever between the original cause of the Bank Restriction 828 act and a slate of war : —the stagnation of internal credit might as well occur from such a cause in peace as in war ; —and consequently the renewal of the Restriction act at the commencement of the present war can not be justified upon any principle of necessity , the only ground of-plausible defence that can under any circumstances be set up for so violent and suspicious a measure . If the suspension of cash payments were actually a remedy for an evil existing , it might very properly have been resorted to . But when the evil was removed , the remedy was no longer necessary . Let the prescription be discontinued when the disease is removed . We should not apply the same medicine indiscriminately in sickness and in health . But as the restriction has been so long continued beyond the necessity that called for it ; there might perhaps be some danger , there certainly would be much inconvenience , in putting an end to it abruptly . To be useful the measure of repeal should not only not be precipitate , but should