, and also retract the opinions , expressed by them on this subject . The happy effects produced by the organization of the Portuguese troops had been already seen and felt . Let us hope that similar results might occur in another part of the Peninsula . To produce such a favourable change , nothing was more calculated than to hold out animating expectations , while on the other hand , desponding language was more calculated than any other circumstance to sink those to whom it was expressed deeper and deeper into trepidation , and distrust of themselves . said , he had waited for some time , expecting to see in the House a noble lord ( Folkestone ) who had expressed an anxiety as to the supply of silver coinage . He now thought it his duty to inform the House , in answer to what had fallen from that noble lord , that the Bank was in the course of having a large quantity of silver tokens or dollars stamped , for the purpose of putting them into circulation at the rate of 5s . and 6d . each . He thought it right to say thus much , previous to the rising of the House , that the public might be aware of the circumstance , and that persons who might be drawing dollars out of circulation , in the hope of their rising in value , might be assured that their expectations in this respect would be disappointed . stated his intention to propose Resolutions on the subject of the Bullion Report on Monday next , in case those of his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Horner ) should not be adopted . Having only very lately seen the Resolutions of his hon . and learned friend , he was not prepared as yet to state exactly what the nature of his own Resolutions would be but he would read them to the House on Friday , after which they might be printed , so as to be in the hands of members previous to the discussion . In the mean time he was desirous that some facts already sufficiently notorious should be brought formally under the view of the House , and would therefore move for some papers . An Account of the number of Bank notes in circulation between February and August 1785–6—2d , the average amount in circulation in 1799 , 1800–1–2—3d , an account of the average amount between 1797 and 1810—4th , an account 759 of the quantity of gold coined from the Revolution to the beginning of the present reign , & c . remaked , that these were called for at so late a period ; that it would be impossible for his hon . and learned friend to avail himself of whatever light they might throw on the question . said they were matters of notoriety . Gentlemen might , by glancing over one page , see the situation of the exchanges at different periods . said that though the hon . gent . wished to elucidate his own view of the subject from these papers , others might see cause to use them for the elucidation of another view . He did not refuse to grant the paper ; but the time even for the consideration of the hon . gentleman 's Resolutions was very short . He was as anxious as any one that the House should come to a speedy decision on this subject ; but , at the same time , it was necessary that they should be thoroughly aware of whatever was to be proposed on either side . If the hon . gent then intended to propose Resolutions contrary to those of his hon . and learned friend , and could not state them till Friday , he suggested whether it-might not be advisable at once to delay the discussion for a day or two . admitted that there was some weight in what had been said by the right hon . gent. , but he tnought it better to wait till they heard what the Resolutions of his