Whatever might have been the differences of opinion ; whatever the party heat and political animosity which characterised these differences as to the mode of supplying the temporary deficiency , all feelings of personal consideration or party 58 hostility instantly subsided into one common sense of gratification , at the prospect that auspiciously burst upon the nation ; and every eye glistened with joy and gladness at the approaching restoration of the King to his reason and his throne . When about twelve years afterwards , in the year 1801 , the indisposition of his Majesty was again announced to the public by a notification from his physicians , that notification was so cautiously guarded , that , if the nation had not been aware of the malady with his Majesty had been previously afflicted , it would have been impossible for any man to know , from any thing that appeared upon the face of the statement of the physicians , that the King , though undoubtedly indisposed , was not still competent to the exercise of all his royal functions . Yet , from what had recently come to the knowledge of the public , by the examination of the physicians before the Lords ' Committee , it was fully established , that , at that very period , he King was of unsound mind . On the 22nd of February , 1801 , the first notice of his Majesty 's illness was published , though it was now well known that his Majesty 's mental health was then impaired ; that he was incapable of his royal functions ; that , to use the expressions of one of his physicians , his judgment was in eclipse ; yet by reference to their Journals , they would find , that two days after , namely , on the 24th of February , 1801 , a commission was issued , signed with the King 's sign manual . It was not to be forgotten , too , that in the beginning of that year , 1801 , a remarkable political event had taken place . After a long struggle , and a considerable period of adherence to power , Mr. Pitt at length thought proper to resign the seals of office which had been committed to him so long as seventeen years before . A noble lord ( Sidmouth ) , not now a member of that House , was then selected as successor to Mr. Pitt ; and after a certain period , took his seat in that House ( the precise day he could not ' call to mind ) on his re-election , after entering upon office . It was not material to fix the precise day , but of this he was certain , that on the 10th of March the bulletins ceased to be issued . He would leave it to the House to determine , whether the bulletins had been discontinued for any other purpose than to impress the public with an opinion that the King was fully recovered ; whereas , it was now , clear , that he was not then recovered ; nay , more , that he had afterwards a considerable . Delaspe : 59 and yet , notwithstanding all this , the functions of the executive were uninterruptedly exercised , and various important acts of state performed , for either of which no constitutional sanction could possibly have been procured from the King , in the state of mental incapacity in which unfortunately his Majesty then was . Yet such was the delicacy of the two Houses of Parliament upon the subject , and of the public , that no notice had been taken of the matter , except by one hon . gent . no longer a member of that House , who had given notice of a motion respecting the state of his Majesty 's health . This notice having been seen in the notice book-by a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sheridan ) , that right hon . friend conceiving such a motion to be improper and unseasonable , on the day