previous to his arrival within his fortified camp . It is reported , that marshal Massena disencumbered his army of its baggage and heavy cannon , in order to effect the design he had in contemplation . The allies , however , accomplished their plan , and the French derived no other satisfaction from their rapid march , than confining them to the line of the road , preventing them from exploring the country , and driving in the cattle and other valuable articles , with which that part of Portugal abounded . On the arrival of the allies at Torres Vedras , supplies , equipments , and British reinforcements , were found in aid of lord ' Wellington , and the position of his army had been strengthened by superior skill , and unceasing labour . Marshal Massena soon discovered the strong situation , and ' formidable preparation of his adversary , and did not long cherish the idea of making an impression upon them in the present condition of his troops , after the hardships they had suffered , and which were daily accumulating around them . From deserters , who flocked into the camp of the allies in great numbers , the wants and ' distresses of the French , with respect to shoes , spirits , equipments , and even of ammunition , were strongly rumoured and almost correctly ascertained . The periodical rains which had begun to fall , soon-obliged marshal Massena to send a constiderable 205 corps , under general Loison , to look out for subsistence and cantonments in the neighbourhood of Santarem and the river Zezere . Lord Wellington , in a dispatch , dated on the 30th of October , mentions the departure of general Loison 's detachment , and his supposed arrival on the banks of that river , at a point , about forty miles distant from the French position before Torres Vedras . After marshal Massena had faced the allies without choosing to make any attempt upon their lines for nearly the space of one month , in which situation his army had suffered under severe privation , had been exposed to great inclemency of climate , and had sustained diminution by desertion , he withdrew at night-fall with great silence , in order to possess the cantonments prepared under the superintendance of general Loison . As the pursuit made by lord Wellington was not productive of any considerable advantage , it will be necessary to survey the condition and situation of the two armies at the time they respectively took up their positions in the vicinity of Cartaxo and Santarem . At this period , the first opportunity was afforded to the contending parties to relax from the severity of military duties , which , with little intermission , had prevailed in both camps during a long and arduous struggle . Before I state the relative condition of the two armies , and the result of the past operations , I will again make an appeal to the candour of the committee . If I have made any observations , with too much severity , on the shortness of the sieges of Ciudad Rodrigo and Almeida—on the precipitate retreat of lord Wellington upon the magazine of Coimbra—on the superior advantages of the allies after their arrival at Torres Vedras—and the completion of marshal Massena 's retreat to Santarem—I must defend myself by saying , that the information received upon those subjects is as yet incomplete , and unsatisfactory to the military reader . The documents , to enable us to judge with fairness and impartiality , have not yet been presented to the House of Commons , and therefore the hour of approbation or condemnation is not yet arrived . Lord Wellington 's explanations may be perfectly satisfactory both to professional critics and a generous nation . The military parts of the question are not yet before the tribunal of the public ; but what must Great Britain think of the system which has been acted upon for the last 206 three years by the ministers before us That system , if it had any plan ,