so irregularly as to oppose the first reading of a Bill , but he thought it right , in candour , to state , that he could not agree with the noble viscount in the object proposed . The noble viscount founded his measure upon an opinion , that it was only by the permission of government that persons were entitled to preach those religious doctrines which they held . Now , he on the contrary , was of opinion , that every person had a right to preach those religious opinions which he conscientiously believed . He regretted that the noble viscount had spoken invidiously of persons in inferior situations of life becoming preachers , for surely they were fully as entitled to preach those religious opinions which they conscientiously believed , as those who received the advantages of the rich endowments of the church , He regretted also , that his noble friend should have at all touched upon the subject , as in his opinion it could only tend to excite dissentions . No case had been made out which called for the interference of Parliament . The exemptions from civil duties , of which the noble viscount complained , could only apply to a few persons , and it was better that those few persons should have their exemptions , than 1133 that Parliament should run the risk of exciting those dissentions which must be caused by meddling with the Toleration Act . He agreed with the noble viscount as to the propriety of increasing the number of churches , but whilst he had no objection to a grant by Parliament for that purpose , he thought that the Church itself ought to be called upon to contribute to an object , in which the interests of that Church were so materially involved . He would not now go further into the subject until he had read the Bill , but to the object slated by the noble viscount he was decidedly hostile , thinking it much better , and infinitely the wiser course , that the Toleration Act should remain untouched . in explanation , disclaimed the slightest intention of speaking in the least invidiously of the persons whom he had alluded to , on account of their inferior station in life . As to the Toleration Act , it was no part of his object at all to alter it ; his only purpose was to have it ascertained with certainty what the law was . On the subject of Churches , he thought a Bill ought to be passed , enacting , that in every new church or chapel a certain portion of the area should be set apart for the admission of the people , without any charge . thought it would be better for the noble viscount to begin by some measure for building places of worship to accommodate those members of the Established Church who were now , as stated , for want of that accommodation , obliged to go to meeting-houses , before he tried his hands with the dissenters . The Bill was then read a first time , and ordered to be printed . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the London Theatre Bill . said , he was not surprised at the hon . gent . pressing this motion ; but trusted , when he heard the explanation which it was in his power to offer , that he 1141 would agree to the postponement of it till next session of parliament . At the discussion of this question six weeks ago , he had , from a consideration of the subject , when other gentlemen were for postponing it till another session , only asked for a delay of a few weeks , in order to enable a set of disinterested noblemen and gentlemen to inquire into the situation of Drury-lane Theatre , and endeavour to disentangle that concern from the pecuniary embarrassments which precluded any arrangement being made for rebuilding it . He had now to state the result of that inquiry , which was , that there appeared