, than call in the aid of cavalry ; but the fact was , that the taste of the town was more gratified by them , that taste being perverted by the depravity of manners , and the alteration in the mode of living which prevented people of fashion from attending and taking the lead in the theatres as formerly . It was erroneous in gentlemen to say there was only one theatre , when in fact there were two , and one of them of that very description which gentlemen required , where they could hear every thing and see the varied expressions of the actor 's countenance , and where there was no room for cavalry to plance about ; and yet that theatre was almost deserted , although there never was a better company collected together under a 1146 more able manager . It was long since he had interfered with the management of a Theatre , but he recollected once , and only once , having interfered in procuring the representation of a play from the pen of a female author ( Miss Bailey ) , whose admirable works were an honour to her and the country . This play ( De Montford ) was brought forward , and with all the aid of Mr. Kemble and Mrs. Siddons , and the most superb scenery , failed , he must say , through the perverted taste of the public . As for the present Petition , he had no objection to ten or twelve persons presenting , but he asserted , if a third Theatre were at all necessary , they ( the Drurylane Patentees ) had the power and right to execute it—and the House never would take away their monopoly without granting them a full compensation . Gentlemen called it the London Theatre , and so it had been read from the chair ; but it had no title to that name . When it came before the privy council , he had pleaded his own cause , not from any mistrust of the learned profession but as he had done on a former occasion , without mistrusting the eloquence of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) , which , if he had done the displays of oratory which he had since given in a higher situation would completely have put him to the blush . He then had an opportunity of seeing their briefs , and must say they were the most poetical he ever read , and the privy council had rejected the claim . Upon this they came to the House of Commons to ask them to contradict the privy council , and do that which the king by his prerogative had the power of doing , and had refused . With this unusual request he was sure the House would not comply , and , indeed , it was unparalleled in the annals of parliament for them to do that which by prerogative was given to the crown . When the application was made to the council for the patent , after properly applying to the House to be incorporated , there were also ten or twelve other parties claiming and the present were really the worst in the field , and yet they now asked of parliament more than the king could grant them , and instead of a twenty-one year patent , to give them a lasting patent . This was unparalleled , and in fact stripping the king of his prerogative . To return to the assumed name of `` London Theatre ; '' he had no objection to bringing the matter before parliament , but it ought not to come on a false pretence and in masque- 1147 rade . The parties knew that it never was their intention to build it in the city ; they had no claim to it , and had even given assurance that they would , in the Committee , propose a clause not to go within the city bounds . The signature of the Lord Mayor was not quasi Lord Mayor , but as