Hamburgh , than the exchanges of Sweden with Great Britain were in favour of the latter.—But the depreciation of our currency Had been denied . He would again appeal to facts . It had been usual to send over specie to Guernsey to pay our troops there . Each guinea had recently been paid to the soldiers at the rate of twenty-three shillings . One regiment , however , refused to receive them at that rate , and there the matter rested . Again , a person who inherited from a distant relation the sum of a thousand guineas , was lately paid in specie . He went to invest the money in the funds ; and on asking the price of 3 per cents . was told 64½ . On inquiring , however , at what rate he could obtain the stock if he paid real money for it ; he was 1063 told , after some consideration , that he might have it for cash at 60 ; and at that price he actually purchased it . Let parliament be cautious not to allow the proper moment of interference on this most important subject to escape . At present the water was fordable ; soon it would be a mighty and impassable sea . A considerable portion of our currency was at present unprotected by law . A great number of dollars had lately been issued , and were still issuing . These would shortly afford the opportunity of extending the practice which had already , in some degree , obtained of making two prices . Parliament would then be compelled to take some measures for the security of the personal liberty of the subject . As had been ably stated by an hon . and learned friend of his last night , although the tender of Bank notes for a debt was a security against a mesne process , it would not prevent an execution . As soon , therefore , as this practice of making two prices should be confirmed and extended , creditors would enforce their legal demand of payment in coin or bullion , and parliament would then be driven to the necessity either of making Bank notes a legal tender , or of adopting the proposition of his hon . and learned friend , under circumstances of encreased embarrassment and difficulty . The House might as well think of slopping the tide at Westminster-bridge , as of stopping the exportation of the coin under the present circumstances . The hon . gent . concluded by declaring his full assent to the principles laid down in the Report . observed , that he should consider himself as guilty of an inexcusable neglect of duty , if , holding the situation which he had the honour to hold , he refrained from expressing his sentiments at some period of this important discussion ; and he did not conceive that he could seize a more advantageous opportunity than that of following the two hon . gentlemen who had last spoken . The Committee were tow in possession of the opinions of two highly respectable individuals , both of extensive knowledge and great practical experience . From the one , they had heard a decided opinion that there was no remedy for , the existing evil , but the adoption of the measure recommended in the Report of the Bullion Committee . From the other , they had heard an opinion as decided , that if the measure recommended in the Report of the 1064 Bullion Committee were adopted , it would be impossible for the country longer to carry on those foreign exertions , which , until the present discussion , he was not aware that any one wished should be discontinued . The first of the hon . gentlemen to whom he alluded ( Mr. Baring ) , gave it distinctly as his opinion , that the idea of making the Bank capable of paying in specie by new purchases of bullion was impracticable ; and that in the present state of the country it was out of the reach of the Bank to substitute