there was an increase of 2,000l . in the estimate of allowances to the principal officers of several public departments , there was an increase of 1,900l . In the estimate of half-pay and allowances to reduced officers there was an increase of 1,000l . arising from the allowances to quarter masters , and the half pay to officers of the garrison battalions . The charge on the estimate of the in-pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals was decreased 4,700l . in consequence of less money being necessary for the buildings . That on the out-pensioners appeared on the face of the estimates to be increased 93,000l . arising from the circumstance , that as last year 100,000l . out of 240,000l . 191 recovered from the prize agents , was appropriated in aid of those establishments , this year only 25,000l . was so appropriated . The real increase , therefore , of charge was only 18,000l . ; 13,000l . for England , and 5,000l . for Ireland . The noble lord then proceeded to notice the estimate for widow 's pensions , in which there was an increase of 5,000l . in consequence of a correspondent addition to the number of individuals , who are the objects of this fund . With respect to the volunteers , that extensive and important branch of the internal military organization of the country , gentlemen by looking into the estimates would find that there was a diminution to the amount of 303,000l ; —a diminution which arose chiefly in England from a reduction in the number of days on which the volunteers were to be called out on permanent duty . The greater part of this reduction took place in Ireland . The actual diminution of charge in England amounted only to 35,000l . produced , as he had before stated , by the reduction of the number of days of duty : the remainder of the reduction then arose in Ireland , attributable in part to the same cause , but more particularly owing to the circumstance , that in that country the volunteers were not to be clothed this year . On the race of the estimate of the local militia , there appeared an increase of charge of 61,000l . but this was attributable to the estimate of last year falling short of the expence by 128,000l . owing to the too small sum allowed for clothing—to the augmentation of some of the corps—and to the addition of others . It was intended in the present year to reduce the number of training days from 21 to 14 ; and by this reduction a saving would be effected of 110,000l . When the state of efficiency , in which the local militia was reported to be by the district officers , was considered , it might be presumed that the service would not suffer by this arrangement ; the more especially as it was intended that those of the different corps which had not been out before , should be exercised for seven days previous to the regular training , under the permanent staff of their respective districts . In the estimate of foreign corps there was a decrease of charge of 2,100l . in consequence of the incorporation of the 97th regiment into the line , and the total reduction of the regiment of Malta . The next estimate was that of the Royal Military College . In the body of this estimate it would be found , 192 that the charge was decreased 29,700l . a diminution arising from the supposition that no further sum would this year be required for the expence of building . Since the estimate had been framed , however , it had been signified to him that 30,000l . would be required to complete the building for the junior department . One cause of an increase in a part of this estimate was the removal to Woolwich of the cadets of the artillery , who used to contribute 100l . a year each to the establishment , and who were replaced by cadets , some of whom did not pay