put a stop to alt discounts . For those who usually employ their capital in discounting the bills of men in business , will not continue to employ it in that way when public securities and other resources will give them a much greater profit . The usury laws , therefore , occaionally produce that effect which it is erroneously said , the remedy proposed by the Committee would produce ; that is , they deprive all men in business of the usual means of carrying on their affairs , and thus at times give rise to bankruptcies and universal distress . This effect they certainly did produce , immediately previous to the restriction of 1797 ; they , as well as the laws against exporting guineas , ought therefore to be repealed whenever we come to apply an effectual and complete remedy to the present disordered state of our credit and currency . As some persons have of late insisted that the arguments and opinions of those , who in 1804 attributed the high exchange against Dublin to a depreciated currency , prove to be unfounded , because the exchange has become favourable to Dublin , without any diminution having taken place in the amount of the Bank of Ireland paper in circulation ; I beg to trouble the Committee with a few observations on this subject . The state of the case in respect to the currency and exchange of Ireland in 1804 , was this—The quantity of Bank of Ireland paper in 1797 , the time when the Bank of Ireland was restricted from making cash payments , amounted to . 600,000l . Up to that period the exchange with London had never been much against Dublin , it was usually somewhat in favour of Dublin in 1804 the exchange had become established at 10 per cent , 1049 above , the par of 8⅓ . per cent , against Dublin , though the balance of trade and payments , as proved by a Committee of this ; House , was in favour of Dublin . The notes of the Bank of Ireland in circulation were encreased fivefold , being 3 millions ; every village in Ireland had its Bank , and every large town at least half a dozen . Guineas , were publicly advertised for sale , and bore a premium of 10 per cent . But while the exchange between Dublin and London was so circumstanced , the exchange between Belfast and London was in favour of Belfast . The north of Ireland , having kept its currency of coin , while that of Dublin , and of the South of Ireland , was wholly ; composed of Bank paper . The inference drawn from these facts , by many of those who gave an opinion on the subject in 1804 , was that the cause of the unfavorable exchange with Dublin was owing to the depreciated value of Bank paper . An inference of which the accuracy is now disputed , because the exchange between Dublin and London is at par , though the Bank of Ireland still have three millions of paper in circulation . To do so , is to take a very shallow view of the subject . The true question is , what Was the value of the Bank paper of England , compared with that of Ireland in 1804 , and what is now the respective values of them . In 1804 , according to the course of exchange , Bank of Ireland paper was of less value than Bank of England by 10 per cent , more than the legal difference of 8⅓ per cent. , for if this was not the case , and Bank of Ireland paper was not depreciated , Bank of England paper must have then bore a premium . According to the present course of exchange at par with Dublin , Bank of England paper is of equal value with Bank of Ireland paper . But the Bank of England paper has become of less value than it was in 1804 , as appears by the price of gold , and the