admitting into their places Proposition so exceptionable as the first Proposition of the right hon . gent. , and one which , when admitted , will bring in 1116 its train other propositions still more exceptionable—one in particular ( I mean the Third ) absolutely repugnant ( as it seems to me ) to common sense ; I consider the affirmation of the original Resolutions as doubly important , not only from what it will establish , but for what it will exclude . This is not the time to discuss the Propositions of the right hon . gent . Otherwise it would be easy to show that the doctrine of his first Proposition , which referring every thing relating to the money of the country exclusively to the prerogative of the crown , states as altogether equal and indifferent the exercise of that prerogative by the will of the crown alone , or with the concurrence of the two Houses of Parliament ; that this doctrine , if not absolutely false in principle and in theory , ( a question which I will not now discuss ) is at least , in any practical view , and to any practical purpose , unsound : it is . incomplete , delusive , and dangerous ; it states the prerogative , indeed ; but does not state it as defined and regulated by law . This , however , is a part only of the objections to the right hon . gent . 's Proposition . There are others which I shall reserve till the moment , if unhappily that moment shall arrive , when it becomes itself the subject of substantive discussion . What I have now said , in my opinion is sufficient to disqualify it as a substitute for the precise and unimpeachable statement of the monetary system of this country as established by the joint authority of the Crown and Parliament , which is contained in the hon . and learned gent . 's first Seven Resolutions . If I do not go at large into these Resolutions for the purpose of explaining and defending the vote which I shall give in favour of them , it is because in the whole course of this debate I have not heard a single objection urged against them . It is singular that the whole skill of his antagonists should have been exnausted , not in attacking , but in evading his statement ; that of a chain of reasoning which , if it could be loosened in a single link , would , I admit , fall to pieces , not a single link has been attempted to be loosened . It remains entire and unbroken , and connects undisputed premises with an inevitable conclusion . The eighth and ninth Resolutions of the hon . and learned gent , contain truisms which no man disputes ; and which the right hon . gent . in proposing to substitute 1117 for them his second Proposition , only makes less completely true by the omission of one essential circumstance . The eighth Resolution states that the notes of he Bank of England are stipulations to pay on demand . The right hon . gent . 's second Proposition omits the words on demand . '—Why this omission ? It can hardly be accidental ; it can hardly be without some meaning : and yet the right hon . gent . so far as I have heard , in the speech With which he introduced his Propositions , did not offer any thing to account for so singular an alteration . Is it possible that he can mean to say , that Bank-notes are not stipulations to pay on demand ? It is perfectly true that the restriction law of 1797 suspends the fulfilment of this stipulation , and protects the Bank against the consequences of a refusal to fulfil it : but does not the right hon . gent . see the danger of confounding two things so different as the temporary suspension of the effect of an obligation , and the actual annulment of the obligation itself ? I