to many cases in which the law might be , and indeed hail been , inadvertently violated ; and particularly instanced one of an honourable member , a merchant of extensive dealings , who for many years had ignorantly violated the law in printing his bills of lading , & c and another of an hon . member , who when a candidate for the East India direction had violated , the law in a similar manner , in his addresses to the proprietors of East 720 India Stock . Would it be advisable to leave to magistrates the power of levying on persons so circumstanced , or indeed on persons otherwise circumstanced , the enormous fines , which , by the existing act they had incurred ? in order to shew how willing he was to go along with his hon . and learned friend as tar as he could , proposed that the magistrate should , in no case , have the power of imposing more than 25 penalties of 20l . namely 500l . approved of the amendment , observing , that this was not the only way of punishing libel . and the Attorney General next agreed , that the magistrate should be allowed to mitigate to 5l . ; that an appeal to the quarter sessions might be entered within 20 days from the time of the conviction ; and that six days notice should be given to the prosecutor . The House having resumed , the Report was ordered to be brought on Monday . moved the third reading of this Bill . felt it his duty to express his decided disapprobation of the Bill , No claims whatever had , been urged which thus required the interference of parliament . Not 24 hours had elapsed since that House refused to go into a Committee to consider the claims of the officers of our brave army ; and the money which they had refused to the claims of these gallant men , they were ; now called upon to vote to individuals who had advanced no claim whatever . He trusted that the House would pause before they acceded to a measure of this deseription and he would therefore move as an amendment , That the Bill be read a third time that day six months . said the noble lord had dealt in general statements only . He wished he could have condescended to state in what way , the claims , of individuals could be brought before the House . The present Bill merely restored to the crown a part of its prerogative of which it was deprived by the act of last session . The Resolution of the committee on which that act was founded , was materially departed from . The , Resolution proposed the nature of the service as the basis of the pension ; but the act put all services of whatever nature on the same footing of ten years . A foreign Ambassador 's retreat 721 from service was not always voluntary , but frequently depended on political accidents beyond his controul ; and on his return he Was cut off from the professional sources of-subsistence , which he probably relinquished for his situation . It was extremely hard , therefore , that the crown should be precluded from taking his case into consideration . He hoped it would not be imputed to him that his sentiments on the present occasion were in any way influenced by the consideration that an hon . relation of his ( Mr. Erskine ) might soon perhaps have occasion to present himself before the House on account of his services in such a situation . He still continued of the same opinion which he maintained when he voted for the Resolutions . observed , that the House had no sooner passed the first measure of reform , which was founded on the report of their Committee on that subject , than they were required to repeal it . Nevertheless , if that measure could be proved unjust , it ought to be repealed . That was the point which he wished