, with the key he mentioned , to suppose that it was drawn up for any other purpose than to induce the Catholics to violate the law , whilst it professed to dissuade them from any such violation of it . For what said the letter of Mr. Hay ? — `` The Committee desire to add , that by the law as it now stands , no species of delegation or representation can be suffered to lake place ; nor can any person , without a gross violation of the law , be a representative , or delegate , or act under any name as a representative or delegate . Engaged , as we are , in a struggle for legal and constitutional rights , it is our duty , as well as our inclination and decided determination , not to violate the spirit , nor even the letter of the law . It is , at the same time , to be observed , that the law to which we 40 allude , does not interfere with the subject 's undoubted right to petition Parliament ; nor , of course , with the only method by which so large a body as the Catholics of Ireland could concur in `` forwarding a petition . '' This was the view they took of the law ; and after this , it was impossible to say they were ignorant of the law , or ignorant that it was not to be broken , He would ask any man to look at the letter , and say if it were not intended to create a body of the description of those against which the act was intended to guard , while it ostensibly endeavoured to evade the letter of the law ? The following passage might make this more evident : `` The Committee being entrusted with the petition of the Catholic Body , feel it incumbent on them to state to you , their conviction of the imperative necessity of an increase of their numbers , so that there may be managers of the petition connected with every part of Ireland . It is highly desirable , that the Committee should become the depository of the collective wisdom of the Catholic Body . That it should be able to ascertain , in order to obey , the wishes , and clearly understand the wants , of all their Catholic fellow-subjects . '' Now he should be glad to know if a representative body could be better described than in the words of that paragraph ? But the right hon . bart . had said they were to be called merely to consider whether or not the petition should be discussed . Now , if that were the sole object they had in view , why was it necessary to make `` a depository of the collective wisdom of the Catholic Body ? '' Why were the persons to be named as `` Managers , '' to be such `` whose avocations require , or leisure permits their permanent or occasional residence in Dublin ? '' If they were to meet with but one object in view , in one solitary instance , would it have been so necessary that its members should be able to reside in Dublin ? That would not have been necessary , had they not had other views which came within the purview of the statute . He now wished the House to consider how this Convention was to be constituted , in order to ascertain if a doubt could be felt as to their being precisely such an assembly as it was the object of the act to suppress . They had proceeded to enforce their former proposition in the following terms : — 41 `` This is the more requisite at the present moment , when there appears to be so near a prospect of complete emancipation ; and the Committee are convinced , that their emancipation can now be retarded only by criminal apathy or neglect amongst the Catholics themselves . They beg leave to suggest to you the propriety of appointing ten