means in the reign of William 3 ; to the depreciation of assignats in France ; and to what had been witnessed in every one of our colonies . In consequence of an excessive issue of paper , the coin disappeared , and the paper became depreciated—an evil which was only cured by limiting the quantity of paper . observed , that the very same arguments that were now used , by those who contended that the paper currency was not depreciated , were used in France , to prove that assignats were not depreciated . contended that Bank notes were in a different situation from assignats , being issued on securities which must be paid in a certain and short period , and in payment of which the Bank notes were returned . observed , that the assignats were issued on the best security in France , namely , the land , and 614 whilst they did not exceed the amount of that security , remained at par with bullion ; but as soon as it was known that more were issued than could be taken in payment for the land , then they begun to fall in value , until at length they sunk to nothing . So by the directors of the Bank of England increasing the issue of Bank notes , for which cash was not to be had , the Bank paper had become depreciated , whilst the Bank proprietors had gained the enormous profit of 21,000,000 l. since 1797. admitted the cause of the depreciation of assignats , but contended that the assignats were issued by government for provisions , for the armies , and other articles , without any prospect of their being returned , whilst the notes of the Bank of England were issued on securities in payment of which they must be returned within a short period . The Bank notes were merely similar to assignats before their depreciation . wished to understand clearly what was meant by this argument , as supposing the issue of Bank notes to be doubled , how would it then apply ? observed , that the argument did not apply to an excessive issue without the means of return , but to the actual issue , as at present , of Bank notes , only upon securities . contended that it was merely a collusion for the Bank to issue notes to the bill-holder to pay his bills with . The conversation ended , and the House adjourned till Monday . moved the second reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act , passed in the 12th year of the reign of queen Anne , intituled , `` An act for the more effectual preventing and punishing robberies that shall be committed in houses , as takes away the benefit of clergy from persons stealing any money , goods or chattels , wares or merchandizes , of the value of forty shillings or more , in any dwelling house or outhouse thereunto belonging , and for more effectually preventing the crimes of stealing in dwelling houses , or outhouses thereunto belonging . '' spoke in opposition to the second reading to the effect following : Sir ; —Although my hon . and learned friend , in conformity to the course of proceeding in the House , has only moved the second reading of the Bill , which respects stealing in dwelling houses ; yet it will be recollected that there are now also on the table four other Bills , which equally seek to make important alterations in the existing laws of the country , and which equally stand for the second reading on this day ; The one respects privately stealing in shops and warehouses : The other relates to thefis in ships , barges , and other vessels , at their ports of entry or discharge , or on navigable rivers ; and to thefts on wharfs and quays adjoining . The third respects stealing of linen or cotton cloth or yarn , in buildings or grounds , where it is printed or bleached . Toe fourth Bill is applicable