spirit of the Convention Act—he hoped it would at least do that which he and those who sat on this side of the House were willing to do in respect to the conduct of the Irish government—not prejudge the case of the Catholics , or come to a final sentence , till all the information was obtained which might be necessary to form a correct opinion upon it . gave the hon . gent . who moved the question before the House , infinite credit for the manner and moderation with which he had done it ; and he could have wished that the right hon . gent . had confined himself merely to that question , and had not made the observations he had done respecting the oppressed state of the inhabitants of Ireland , as it tended to mislead that part of the House , not connected with that country . The fact was , that there was not an iota of difference between the situation of the great majority of the 34 inhabitants of Ireland and their Protestant brethren , or between that description of persons and the lower class of people in England : that they had the same laws to govern them , the same advantages under those laws ; that they had their forty shilling freeholds , could sit upon juries ; and , in fact , there was no difference whatever between the lower class of Protestants and that description of Catholics : that there were about thirty two offices of state , which the educated Catholics were not competent to hold—but which , if they took the same oaths the Protestants were obliged to take , they might hold : that , in fact , the oppression of the Catholics was not any want of Catholic emancipation , but in the state of the country . Lower the rent , and add to the daily labourer 's wages , and then they would understand what Catholic emancipation was . In respect to the Convention Act , it was an Act arising from the necessities of the times , and not meant to be acted upon but in cases of necessity . The discontents of Ireland could only be removed by her native gentry , who might do infinitely more good than could be hoped from Catholic emancipation . Let them lower their rents and raise the wages of the labourer , for the high rents and bad wages were the evils most complained of . Of Catholic emancipation the majority of the people knew no more than they did of what he was uttering at that moment . The duke of Richmond had shown every possible attention and kindness to the Catholics , but it was his duty to interfere when the country was in danger , or supposed to be in danger , and not to wait until their plans were completed . Under this impression , he should hope the Chancellor of the Exchequer would at present refuse any further information . said , that ever since he had had the honour of a seat in that House , he had given all the support in his power to the claims of the Catholics ; and it was his ambition to continue to them that support , so long as those claims were brought forward in a peaceable and constitutional manner . It was , however , one thing to support their just claims to a participation in the blessings of the constitution , and another to countenance pretensions not admitted to , or sought for by , any other class of his majesty 's subjects—pretensions which , if admitted by that House , would shortly go to annihilate the power of parliament itself . There was no difference between the right of claims on the 35 part of the Catholics of Ireland , and that of the English Catholics . He could see no reason why a convention of English Catholics should not assemble in Great Britain , if such assemblies were allowed to meet elsewhere . Would it , however , be tolerated by that House , that