be considered , that these steps were taken without even referring to or consulting parliament ; and this too at a moment when the House of Commons was actually engaged in the consideration of the subject . He proposed to move for a copy of the Resolution of the Directors , in order to bring the facts of the case regularly under the purview of the House , and to enable their lordships to form their opinions , not only upon the particular measure , but upon the great subject con- 446 nected with it . It must be plain that the monied circulation of the country was unconstitutionally interfered with , when such steps were taken to increase its denomination . He was aware of the wretched quibble attempted to be interposed ; he meant that the Dollars in universal circulation as coin , would , by noble lords opposite , be regarded , on this occasion , not as the current coin of the realm , but merely as Bank tokens ; but this was a subterfuge which he trusted would not be attended to in the consideration of this most important business . His lordship concluded by moving for the production of a copy of the Resolution of the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England , for raising the denomination of Bank Tokens , or Dollars , now in circulation , & c.—On the question being put , expressed his satisfaction at the subject being brought forward , as no persons could be more anxious for its investigation than the members of his Majesty 's government , who readily took ail the responsibility on themselves . With respect to one pointed remark of his noble friend , he must observe , that any man must plainly see the difference between the regular current coin of the realm , issued by his Majesty , and the Tokens of the Bank , which were only to be regarded in the same light as Bank-notes . He must take that opportunity to protest against any conclusion drawn from this measure , as to the depreciation of Bank paper ; all that could be inferred from the transaction , was a rise in the price of silver . This might be attributed to various causes , especially , perhaps , to an increased demand for that precious metal , but it could , by no means , be attributed to any depreciation of the notes issued by the Bank . entertained a different opinion upon the subject , and referred to some instances in history , where , in cases nearly similar , such transactions were held to involve a depreciation of the paper currency . He coincided with his noble friend , with respect to the identity of the dollars so circulated with the current coin of the realm . Such a miserable attempt at distinction , was , he observed , amply refuted by Locke , and other intelligent writers upon the subject . , in reply , observed , that the time would come when the Bank Directors would have to answer for their conduct with respect to other matters , as well as that in question ; but in the pre- 447 sent instance , the King 's government , by their conduct in the transaction , were to be considered as parties , as they lent their advice and authority to the Bank Directors ; and the coin alluded to , it appeared , was also circulated under the authority of his Majesty 's government . , in explanation , denied the inference , that his Majesty 's government had declared them a legal tender . took occasion to observe , that such a step was not regularly in the power of ministers . By the law and the constitution , that power was vested elsewhere . made some observations with respect to the state of the paper currency , particularly in Ireland , where it was in far more favourable a state than some noble lords seemed to think . The issues of the Bank of Ireland had narrowed considerably since the investigation