the hon . gentleman , by the observations he had made . The public would be deluded if they were allowed to think that blame was imputable to the Lord Chancellor . From the statement of the hon . gentleman , it would appear as if the noble lord did not devote much time to the suitors of his court , but rather attended to politics . There was a vast variety of judicial business which the public knew nothing of , such as demurrers , bills of exceptions , & c. which the noble lord was obliged to attend to . When the hon . gentleman talked of only one cause being heard , he was not correct ; and he certainly had not done the noble lord justice in quoting from a publication in which the author had misstated and misrepresented the cases , and had charged the court of Chancery with making use of the money of suitors in building a register office , and some other buildings for the convenience of the officers of the court . With respect to the motion , he should vote against it , because the matter was taken up in another place . declared , that if the question of adjournment should not be carried , he should vote for the motion of his hon . friend : and he was desirous of stating his reasons for giving the vote which he should give on this occasion . The motion would not convey , either directly or indirectly , any mark of censure upon the noble and learned lord , as the hon . and learned gentleman opposite had just supposed ; and he did assure the House , that nothing could give him greater concern than to be thought to give his consent to any motion which could in any way be 268 construed into a desire to reflect upon the conduct of that noble and learned lord . No man had experienced more uniform acts of kindness than himself from the noble and learned lord . Indeed , his general attention to the bar , his conciliatory demeanor , and his strict love of justice , had endeared him to all the gentlemen who practised in that court . A man more eminently qualified , in point of talents and learning , for all parts of his profession , he knew not ; and he most firmly believed that he never had his equal , in point of anxiety , to do justice to the suitors of the court . If he had any defect , it was an over anxiety in that respect . That being his opinion , it could not be imputed to him , ( sir Samuel ) that he wished in any thing he might say , to reflect on the character or conduct of the noble and learned lord ; but when it was notorious that great and crying grievances really existed , would it not be as his hon . friend had justly said , `` a denial of justice , '' not to inquire into them ? The fact was , that from the great pressure of business within the last two years , causes had stood for that time in the Lord Chancellor 's paper for hearing , without having yet been heard . Was not this period of delay a sufficient ground for inquiry ? In the House of Lords the delay was of a much greater length . In one cause , which was that of a copy right , which had been before the House some years from the court of session , at the time the decision was known , the interest had ceased , for the period of the right ( fourteen years ) had expired . Another man who was about to present a petition was pining in gaol . With respect to the question , the first thing to be done was to ascertain the cause of the evil complained of : that being done , then to provide a remedy either of a permanent or of a temporary nature . Whether