Vedras . What , therefore , must we think of the patriotism of eleven millions of people , in permitting the hostile bands of their oppressor to penetrate through the heart of their country to overwhelm their allies , when such natural obstacles as mountains , rivers , and defiles , are in their occupation and possession ? Especially when we recollect that three British armies , and weapons and clothing of all descriptions for 300,000 men , have been transported from Britain for the defence and use of the inhabitants Yet we have proofs , so degrading to patriotism , weekly and daily exhibited to our contemplation , in the junction of all the different columns which reinforce Massena 's army . Of the numbers and the arrival of the reinforcements from France , his Majesty 's ministers must have more accurate accounts than the public have in their possession . The private communications from lord Wellington must contain more intelligence upon that point , than the mutilated Gazette-letters given to the world . We have heard of Drouet , Gardanne , Erlon , and other general officers , bringing up columns and divisions , and of the progress of marshal Bessieres through the northern provinces of Spain ; but any thing like a clear amount of force is , in no account , specified with any thing like official regularity . The people of England may fairly infer , from the silence of his Majesty 's ministers , and the known ambition of the tyrant of Europe , that the reinforcements arrived in Portugal , or expected by the French in that quarter , will be commensurate to the important object committed by Buonaparte to the arrangement , vigilance , and charge , of marshal Massena . The preparations made by his majesty 's ministers for reinforcing lord Wellington 's army in Portugal , embraced a wide and distant extent ; and , if we give any consideration or reference to the foreign services and colonies of Great Britain , consisted of a greater supply than her population can long continue to support . From Sicily , Gibraltar , Cadiz , Nova Scotia , and the mother country , reinforcements for the peninsula have been selected . It has been reported that a detachment of some magnitude has been sent from Sicily . The future security of that island is thereby , I apprehend , placed in a state of hazard , as I can not discover any depot of soldiers from which that possession can be 210 supplied , when the French and Neapolitans re-commence their operations . The continental papers point out the preparations for future attacks in that quarter ; and the return of the British general at this juncture , who has acquired professional glory in defence of the Sicilian court and country , rather impresses me with an opinion that he has not contemplated the measure alluded to , with perfect satisfaction . The state of the garrison of Gibraltar , and the reputed importance of that fortress , did not permit a great diminution for the warfare upon the peninsula . A detachment was , however , selected under the command of lord Blayney . But from Cadiz the draft has been so great , that the besieging army has been left at liberty to move almost entirely to the river Guadiana , to co-operate in the manœuvres and operations of marshal Massena . Through Merida , stores of every description for the service of the French army in Portugal , have been conveyed under the direction of marshal Mortier . And the Spanish army on the banks of the Guadiana , in the town of Olivenza , has received a blow from marshal Soult , who is reported to have marched his troops from the lines before Cadiz . From Nova Scotia and Halifax , and other British dependencies in that quarter of the world , all the troops have been brought which might have contributed to influence the decisions of the American congress , in the diplomatic controversies now subsisting with the United States . What is the condition of