how they should best free themselves from what still remained of it . The judge mentioned that since his arrival in March , 1809 , no fewer than 1091 slaves had been brought for condemnation in his court . He was , therefore , warranted in saying , though the trade was greatly diminished , that what remained of it was well worthy the attention of the House . He was not disposed to state that many of the slaves so carried off were introduced into the British colonies ; but he did say that they were carried to St. Bartholomew 's , and St. Croix , for the purpose of being sent from thence into other islands . In the latter island , advertisements for the sale of such slaves were even exhibited publicly and in open day . It was not necessary for him to accuse those interested in our West India possessions with violating the act of the legislature of this country , and the resolutions of the House ; it was sufficient if these slaves were carried to Demarara , Berbice , and the other newly conquered islands . If necessary , on this point he could refer to a contest between the governor of Demarara 237 and the planters of Beibice , where , in a memorial by the latter , signed with their own names , it appeared , that they not only continued to import negroes , but that they were even ignorant of any law to prevent them from doing so , or if they were aware of such a law , that they were not disposed to attend to it . What these memorialists principally complained of , was the frequent seduction of their weak-minded and new negroes . Gentlemen might suppose that this was before the expression of the feelings of that House on the subject . But no such thing . This was only in November , 1809 , no less than four years after the resolution of the House , and two years and a half after the passing of the statute . In defiance of these resolutions and of the statute , therefore , the House saw the importation of new negroes encouraged . If such a trade was suffered to be carried on , it would be better to stiller it to proceed as formerly , so that the honest dealer , as well as the smuggler , might have the means of carrying it on . It was unjust to the fair trader , that he should be excluded , while the unfair trader made a calculation of the chances in his favour , and was suffered to be in a better situation than before the trade was put a stop to . The West Indian himself must be anxious to cut down a trade in which he himself had no share . If , again , the House looked to the shipowners , they had now little or no interest in such a traffic , having diverted their capital into another channel . The trade was so much reduced , so far as they could be concerned , that a love of contraband alone could induce them to wish its continuance . Thus , it was only from one description of persons that the House could now look for opposition to the effectual abolition of this traffic ; and they were the persons who , so far from being objects of favour or compassion , were those who ought peculiarly to be struck at , being those who were now concerned in an attempt to continue this trade in defiance of the resolutions of the House , and of the acts of the legislature . It was enough for him only to allude to this fact , to take from such persons any portion of the favour of the House . One successful adventure , it appeared , was sufficient to cover three or four failures , and with such prospects of advantage , not having the benefit of insurance , adventurers of this kind finding it necessary to be their own insurers ,