and treasure of our country have been prodigally and fruitlessly wasted , the decision of the House , in direct opposition to the general sentiments of the nation , and , above all , the unwillingness hitherto evinced by the House to enquire into or correct abuses in the representation , an unwillingness which can not fail to excite the distrust of the petitioners , and to diminish the respect 692 they owe to the name and functions of the House ; and they deplore particularly one instance of this unwillingness of which they complain in the rejection of a motion made , in the last session of parliament by one of their representatives , as that motion , had it been adopted by the House , must necessarily have brought before the Committee a full enquiry into the present defective state of the representation of the people , and thereby have led to a substantial reform in the Commons House of Parliament , so essential to the salvation of the state , by preserving to us a free constitution , that inestimable inheritance transmitted to us by the wisdom and intrepidity of our ancestors ; and that the times demand this open avowal of their sentiments , and in the language employed to convey them they intend no disrespect , though they are persuaded that no words can be too strong to express their feelings upon this occasion ; and therefore they most earnestly intreat the House to undertake before it is too late , in a true and cordial spirit , the measure of reform , upon principles which , by conciliating the affections of the people , and restoring to the House its due weight and character , may rescue the country from domestic discord , and secure it from the foreign foe , give stability to the throne , and perpetuate the constitution . '' brought up the Report of the Dwelling House Robbery Bill . had understood that the Bills for ameliorating the laws , of which this was one , were to be so forwarded through the House as to admit of their being discussed in every stage . With this impression on his mind , he was surprised at finding the Report brought up when the House was so thin . He thought the Reports ought to be postponed . had no wish to hurry the Bills through the House , in a manner which might preclude their being sufficiently discussed . It was not his intention to move the third reading till after the recess . As there would be a sufficient opportunity thus afforded to consider of , and discuss their merits he thought it unnecessary to postpone the reports . still thought an opportunity ought to be given of discussing them in every stage , and would therefore 693 move that the House should be counted . rose , in pursuance of notice , to make a motion respecting Mr . Pole 's Circular Letter , [ See p . 1 . ] His lordship first moved , that the letter be read , and also the Convention Act of Ireland ; which having been read , he said he should reverse the usual practice of the House , by stating his motion first , and giving his reasons afterwards . He stated his motion to be for declaring the letter of Mr . Pole to be a violation of the law , inasmuch as it required the magistrates to do acts not authorised by the law , and wholly inconsistent with a due and proper spirit of conciliation . His lordship observed that the Convention Act was a penal statute , and it was a well known maxim of law , that all penal statutes must be strictly construed . He then read passages of the Convention Act , to shew that it was directed against delegated assemblies , met for the purpose of discussing any alteration in matters established in church or state , and was not intended to operate against meetings for the purpose of petitioning for the redress of grievances . Were persons delegated to present