and I will venture to say there has never been a moment since , in which the restriction could safely have been removed . With respect to the present continuing act , I am not ashamed , however it may expose me to the censure of the Bullion Committee , to declare my adherence to the opinions of the Parliament of 1804 , and the administration by whom that act was proposed . Of that administration , after such a lapse of time , and so great a change of circumstances , I mean to speak historically only when I say that on the most careful review of their measures , political , military , and financial , I see no reason to think them inferior either in judgment , foresight , or vigour , to any , either of their predecessors or successors . With respect to this particular measure , I think it an instance of their judgment and foresight . It was certainly meant as 964 a permanent war measure—not as an ordinary war measure , but one which the peculiar circumstances of the present war would render necessary during its continuance ; subject undoubtedly to the revision of parliament , if , contrary to appearances then existing , the character of the war should so change as to admit of its being dispensed with . Have then the circumstances of the war so changed since that time , as to show that this opinion was ill-founded ? Have they not , on the contrary , from year to year assumed a character still more decidedly confirming it ? It is unnecessary to enter into a detail of particulars where the general result is so clear as to force conviction on the mind ; but if there has never since been a moment at which the restriction could safely have been removed—if , on the contrary , circumstances have arisen , which would have imperiously required its imposition , had it not been already in force—if the appearance of our present circumstances be such , as more than ever to enforce its necessity , and to place the possibility of its removal in doubt and distance , shall we impeach the judgment and foresight of those who , foreseeing the general state of things , though not the particular events , provided in time for the emergency ? They knew that the conclusion of peace must make an important difference in our situation . Whether in that event the Bank restriction can safely be removed , after so short a period as six months , it is impossible , as yet , to judge , because we can not foresee the circumstances under which peace may be concluded . But parliament has wisely fixed the shortest term in any degree probable , because it will be much easier to extend it , if necessary , than to contract it . Let us , however , consider the additional means of mercantile accommodation which peace will afford . A debt from government to the Bank of no less than seven millions and a half will become payable : the liquidation of the other parts of the unfunded debt , and the general rise of the public funds , will give great facility to individual credit—above all , a sinking fund of twelve millions will then be poured into the money-market without being counteracted by new loans . Such means of supplying additional capital no country ever possessed . ' Some inconveniences may perhaps in process of 965 time , even arise from their abundance ; but of these it is not now necessary to speak . My object is only to justify the parliament of 1804 , in fixing the resumption of cash payments at the period of peace . That parliament also felt , what I think the Bullion Committee are a little apt to forget , that the Bank restriction is not a thing to be trifled with , nor without public inconvenience to be brought into frequent discussion . I think the Committee must forget this , because , after all , they propose their