continue the assistance afforded last year to Portugal , and for affording such further aid as circumstances may require . said , that the situation in which their lordships at present stood was peculiar and unexampled , a situation which would by no means justify any relaxation in the discharge of their duty to the country , but which imposed on them embarrassments and doubts as to the manner in which that duty ought to be discharged . It was notorious that , on account of the calamity which had befallen them , the constitutional relation between the crown and its ministers and Parliament was completely suspended . He had no idea , however , that the functions of Parliament were also suspended . He had no idea that they were not to adopt what measures might appear best for the interest of the country—that they were not to adopt what would place the country in 451 the most favourable situation when his Majesty should have happily to resume the government—but that they were to put the country into the same situation in which it was at the commencement of his Majesty 's malady—that they were to endeavour to arrest the progress of time—that they were to pay no regard to the happiness and prosperity of the millions with whose rights they were entrusted , but merely to consider what was the precise situation of the country , and what was the exact state of its relations on the 25th of October , and to preserve it critically in that situation . On that 25th of October , after all the glories and all the triumphs which this country had obtained , its situation was in no small degree disastrous and calamitous ; but , however disastrous and calamitous that situation might then have been , it would be happy for his Majesty , and happy for his subjects , that the country should be delivered over to him as it then was . But ministers have not arrested the wheel of the revolution that was going on ; they had not arrested the progress of the calamity which has desolated Europe . By their notion of preserving the country in the same state , both as to internal policy and external relations , as at the commencement of his Majesty 's malady , ministers meant nothing more than the accession of every measure which could be advantageous to the public interest , and this from some supposed desire of the Prince Regent , not arising from a concern for the advantage of the people , but with that cold and narrow view of merely placing the country in the exact situation in which he received it . He was convinced that the Prince Regent never held such sentiments . But whatever were his sentiments , it was their part to consider what was their duty—not what was the situation of the country at any one period—but how they might , in the existing crisis , with their counsels , best produce the happiness , the prosperity , and the glory of its people . He must , therefore , he said , take the liberty to dismiss from the present discussion what may have been the situation in former periods ; because , in his opinion , it was the view of its actual situation only which their lordships were called on to entertain . In the little that had been said upon the real question before them , there was one thing he should particularly remark on , as possibly in that House the only opportu- 452 nity they would have of considering it , the close of the Session being near . The whole question was agitated as if the assistance to be continued were to be only of the same amount as that voted last year.—If he could banish from his mind all that had taken place during a former discussion , he should imagine that they were merely called on at present for a renewal of their vote ; and as they then decided to give one million to the Portuguese , that all that