given to the currency , in different parts of the empire , previous to any restriction on the Bank . In Ireland , where , for various reasons , credit between man and man was less firmly established , the great mass of payments , and nearly all bargains , were made in coin . In England , dealings were generally in paper , and coin only used to effect the smaller payments ; but with no observable preference , in those who bought or sold , in favour of coin . In Scotland , on the other hand , the circulation was almost exclusively paper ; not only was there no predilection , in the mass of the community , for guineas , but so evidently the reverse , that you would almost suppose some notion of depreciation attached itself to the coin , in that part of the united kingdom . And here the learned mover will permit me to remark , that it is somewhat whimsical the press of Scotland should have been the loudest in sounding the alarm on this subject ; that those who had passed their lives almost without seeing or wishing for coin , should , just at the moment when its scarcity had become inevitable , be seized for the first time with the desire to convert their paper into gold . Surely this feeling is a little perverse , if it does not originate in contemplation of those illicit profits which can now be made from melting and exporting our coin . But to return to the question . Since the Restriction Bill took place , a great change has been wrought in the habits of the Irish people with respect to their currency ; they have become , in a great measure , habituated to the use of a paper medium ; they find the superior convenience of it in many respects , and , I am confident never will return ( even when coin can be procured in whatever quantity they choose to purchase it ) to the same exclusive use of coin which formerly prevailed . Observing , then , what has passed , what is passing , and adverting to the tendency which all nations have to retrench the expence of using the precious metals in circulation , in proportion as confidence and credit give facility to a paper currency , I think myself warranted to infer , that the habits of the people of this empire will have an insensible tendency to retrench , to a considerable degree , the use of coin ; and that the progress of our system may be to assimilate itself , in a considerable degree , to what 997 has been so long the practice of Scotland . The Committee will , I hope , keep in mind , that , in referring to the practice of Scotland , I am not calling in question the principle of cash payments on demand , as being the indispensible basis of our money system in ordinary times . I shall hereafter examine the comparative advantages of the temporary departure from this system , which has been forced upon us by the injustice and violence of the enemy , —all I wish now to mark , is , with how small a use of coin the transactions of a country may be conducted : this Scotland has proved , and it is deserving of notice , that , in the last seventy years , there has not been a single instance of a Bank in Scotland proving insolvent . The Ayr Bank , it is true , suspended its payments , but ultimately paid all demands upon it ; and it is not only remarkable that Scotland has been peculiarly exempt from Bank failures , but that , from causes which I shall hereafter advert to , connected with the localised nature of its currency , it has suffered less from individual bankruptcies , than any other part of the empire ; especially during the crisis of 1793 , the effects of which were so severely felt in England . We should be