you , what you yourselves avow , that perjury and fraud are and have always been committed under your present system of law ; and who , inferring that they always will be committed under that system , suggest to you the expediency of amending it ? Who are the encouragers of crimes ? —they who , finding the existing law notoriously inadequate to counteract the temptation to commit them , propose either to change the law or to remove the temptation ; —or they who content themselves with whimpering over the depravity of human nature , and , instead of endeavouring to prevent the commission of the crime , console themselves with the reflection that the mischief to the public is only in proportion to the guilt of the criminal ? He was not an unwise or unjust judge , of whom it is recorded , that `` He sent the thief , who stole the gold , away , `` And punist 'd him who put it in his way . '' Undoubtedly , it is neither wise nor just to place temptations in men 's way , which we know , by constant experience , to be sufficient to overpower the positive enactments of law . It is neither politic nor moral to resort on every occasion to the obligation of oaths as supplementary to a defective legislation . This policy unfortunately pervades too many of our statutes ; and it is but rarely successful in its object , —never perhaps where considerable gain and great facility conspire to tempt to perjury . The exportation of coin , or of bullion melted from coin , when the exchanges are unfavourable beyond a certain limit , is looked upon as so much in the natural course of things , that most writers who have treated of coinage and of trade , have laid it down as a consequence not to be disputed , and not even necessary to be proved . According to the concurrent opinions of such writers , the efflux of bullion from one country to anothe is governed by causes nearly as steady and uniform in their operation , as those Which 1099 govern the seasons or the tides . As well might you pretend to fix a limit on the shore , and bid the flowing ocean advance no farther , as attempt by the interposition of a statute to stop the tide of the precious metals in whatever direction it is made to flow by the influence of commercial necessity and commercial demand . The right hon . gent . and those who adopt his views of the present question , acknowledge the force of these principles : they attribute , in fact , the whole of our difficulties to their operation . There is indeed a slight difference of opinion among them as to the cause of the export of our gold ; some attributing it to the demand for gold in the market of the continent , —others to the necessity of remitting it from hence , in payment of the balance of trade ; but all concurring that , whatever may be the degree in which either of these causes , separately or jointly , operate , the result is an irresistible attraction of the gold of this country to the continent . Is it not , then , with marvellous inconsistency that these Same gentlemen oppose the mere existence of a powerless law , and a high-coloured description of the crimes which it occasions and constitutes , as an answer , and the only answer , to those who contend , that , if the evil which the law is intended to prevent , be indeed one which it is important to check , —and if the efflux of our gold be Certain , so long as the force of the temptation is stronger than the restraint of the law , —it is necessary , and it would be as wise as humane , either to alter the law , or to diminish the temptation ? I may perhaps be inclined to believe , that the repeal of this