precious metals used to come . It is confidentially stated that the government there raised the value of their money as soon as the Bullion Report was seen , to prevent the coin being sent out of the country . Mr. Merle says , he could not get gold enough for the home trade ( which does not call for the one twentieth part of the whole demand ) , and that he had been obliged to stand still some time . And when asked what he conceived to be the reason of the high price of gold bullion , he answered , `` The exchange making it so much more favourable to transmit it than bills . '' And to the question , `` Whether since the period of 1800 , as bank notes have increased in quantity , has the price of gold bullion risen proportionably ? '' his answer was , `` No ; I do not think bank notes have had any effect upon gold . '' Mr. Goldsmid had said the same . I would here again refer to Mr. Locke , to the perusal of whose writings my honourable friend so earnestly recommends us . `` The only way to bring gold and silver into the mint , for the increase of our money and treasure , which shall stay here , is an overbalance of our whole trade . AH other ways to increase our money and riches , are but projects that will fail us . The true and only good reason that brings bullion to the mint to be coined is the same thing that brought it to England to stay there , viz . the gain we make by an overbalance of our trade . When our merchants carry commodities abroad to a greater value than they bring home , the overplus comes to them in foreign coin and bullion , which will stay here , when we gain by the balance of our whole trade . '' How much the balance of our trade has been affected by foreign expenditure has been already observed upon . If , however , it were possible , by any means , for the Bank to obtain considerable quantities of gold at the present prices , or even at a very great reduction of them , unless those could be kept down to little more than the mint price , not one guinea more would be in circulation than at present , as the money would be melted as fast as coined . The melting , though contrary to law , could not be detected , and of course not punished , as that operation is perforated in the most secret manner , 892 without assistance ; and when the coin is converted into bullion , it may be carried to the Bank , and there sold ; or to the Mint , and there again coined , without a question asked where it came from , or how the party came by it . Neither perjury nor the aid of others is necessary , as in the case of exporting bullion produced from coin ; until therefore , the price of gold can be greatly reduced , and we shall have the means of keeping it down , it would be destructive to the Bank to compel them to pay in specie , which would infallibly disappear as fast as it was issued . The folly of such a compulsory measure is strongly marked by Mr. Harris , who was himself an officer of the Mint , and would have profited largely by coinages . `` Besides debasing the standard , another expedient has been hit upon for feeding the mint , and that is purchasing bullion , at an advanced price , for coinage , or the giving more per ounce for bullion than it would be afterwards worth in coin . But although this measure is very harmless , as to any consequences attending it , except to those immediately concerned , yet it can not be reckoned a very wise one ; for whatever be the cause that prevents