, protected Irish Catholic soldiers in this country . For their protection he thought a change in the law necessary . said , he was not aware of a single case of this nature happening in England . re-stated one of his cases , which was that of a private in the royal artillery having been lately imprisoned 12 days , at Woolwich , for refusing to attend the service of the established church . thought the Catholic soldiers had sufficient protection in the known sentiments of the Irish government , and the general orders they issued . In this country it would be much better that the effects should be produced by a regulation than by a law . If the Catholic soldier was to be especially exempted , every class of dissenters in the army would conceive themselves equally entitled to exemption . suggested as a better course to address the Prince Regent to 356 alter the articles of war in this respect . Perhaps general orders from the commander in chief in this country similar to the order of the Irish government , might produce the same effect . said he should propose , on the third reading , an Amendment in the 21st clause , which provides , That the court martial be empowered to inflict such punishment as may appear to them commensurate with the offence , extending to loss of life , or limb , flogging , & c. The Amendment which he wished to propose was to give an option to the Court to order , in lieu of corporeal punishment , that of imprisonment . moved , `` That no Private Bill be read a second time unless notice of the day proposed for such second reading shall have been given in writing three clear days beforehand , by the agent soliciting the Bill , to the clerks of the Private Bill Office , who shall enter such notice in the Private Bill Register , and certify the same upon the back of the Bill . '' wished to know , whether , in case the second reading did not take place on the day appointed , owing to a pressure of other matter , the three days notice must be given over again ? rather thought there would be no occasion for it , as the object of calling the particular attention of the parties concerned to every Bill would be attained by the first notice . stated , that members who had the management of Private Bills often delayed coming to the House till the hour for public business arrived : and therefore , in many instances , had themselves to blame for the delay . If this regulation should have the effect of procuring a pointed and early attendance , it would greatly facilitate the business of the House . opposed the measure , chiefly on the ground , that the growers of barley ought not alone , out of all the community , to be subjected to the burthen of relieving the West India proprietors . If relief was to be given , it should be from the common stock . of Norfolk , was not present when the measure was proposed , otherwise he would have opposed it . If the value of land had increased , so had the taxes upon land , the poor rates , & c. What did the colonies furnish to the country in comparison ? It was in vain to introduce a scale between barley and sugar in this way . To frame any just scale was utterly impossible . He felt for the distresses of the West India Proprietors ; but this was the worst way of assisting them that could be devised . The House would 358 remember , that in 1808 , the warmest supporters of the measure considered it as merely temporary . maintained , that a scale might very well be adjusted , and that it was fairly done by this measure . opposed the scheme , as one of the most pernicious tendency . It was an object to have abundance ; there must be