a single man lost as a prisoner , or even missing . It is also to be considered that the field of battle remained undisputed in the occupation of the British army . What I am now saying , is that which , I am sure , will meet the feelings of every one of your lordships , namely , that this action will tend to confirm the opinion so justly entertained by all intelligent and unprejudiced men in Europe , that when British troops are opposed to the troops of any nation whatever , in nearly equal numbers , their superiority is marked and decided . In the case before us , if any further proof of their great superiority were wanted , we have to consider that the full tribute of approbation and applause is due to every regiment , nay to every man engaged in the whole army.—Every individual was emulous , and anxiously active in the performance of his duty . In every point of view in which this action can possibly be regarded , it challenges the most unqualified approbation and the most unlimited applause . I feel assured that whatever other considerations may impress the mind of any noble lord upon the campaign generally , nothing will induce your lordships to withhold your cordial and unanimous thanks to those through whose labours and intrepidity this most brilliant victory has been achieved . The Thanks of Parliament , together with the declared approbation of their Sovereign , is the most distinguished and acceptable mark of favour—the highest boon that can 525 possibly be conferred upon military men . In speaking of this army , my Lords , it is impossible to avoid speaking more particularly of the merits of the General , who commanded it . We can not avoid regarding with applause and satisfaction this signal display of the most perfect presence of mind , and promptitude of decision , those great and leading qualifications of a General . To his spirit and decision in the arduous moment of difficulty , the success of the day appears to be attributable . But I feel assured that your lordships are most willing to pay your tribute of applause to every part of his conduct . The Gallant Officer in question well deserves the thanks of his country , not only for the brilliant effort before us , but for his whole military conduct ; he has devoted the last 18 years of his life to the service of his country , and to a great extent , under circumstances of a very peculiar nature.—The Gallant Officer in question never lost any opportunity in his power of distinguishing himself . He was always in the post of danger—in the post of honour , in every part of Europe where he has been engaged . It may not , my Lords , be improper to mention , though the circumstance is trivial in reference to the vote which I am about to propose , that the conduct of General Graham has excited the warmest approbation of the representatives of the Spanish nation . I shall only detain your lordships with one other observation : —I can not without peculiar satisfaction consider that conjointly with the British troops , two corps of foreign soldiers were engaged , one a German corps of cavalry , whose conduct on this occasion has been praised in the highest and strongest terms ; and the other a Portuguese corps , raised under the system your lordships have sanctioned by your votes on a former occasion . Of these , and I speak on the testimony of General Graham with pleasure , I must add that they were amongst the first to enter into the action , under all the disadvantages with which that action was fought ; not even a British battalion could more honourably distinguish itself . With these observations , my Lords , I trust I shall be permitted the honour of introducing , for your adoption , the following motion . His lordship then moved , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to Lieutenant General Thomas