merchandize than was sufficient for the consumption of one year ? If that were the case , the British manufacturers must stand still till the stock shall be consumed . He could not tell to what amount that country might be stocked with the produce of our industry , but when 6,000,000l . were thus called for , he thought they had a right to conclude that things were in such a situation , that with out such assistance they could not right themselves in less than one , two , or per haps three years . The right hon . gent . had talked of the great increase of the trade of the country , but upon this point he appeared to labour under a mistake . Exports were not trade ; but he had ; spoken of them as if their amount was a sufficient proof of the flourishing state of our commerce . If we made extra ex ports , we ought to have returns ; and if , in stead of this , what we sent out lay locked up in South America for two or three years , it was not thence to be inferred , that because our exports were large , our trade must be great . If men of adventurous and speculating dispositions were to carry their exports to an extreme , were the rest of the community to be called on to enable such men to persevere in their speculations , in fact , to enable them to give further credit until at length their returns may be received ? This was-a species of relief which he , for one , could never consent to afford to those who had brought their distresses upon themselves by improvident speculations . The right hon . gent : had ascribed the present stagnation of trade and the die 335 tresses of the mercantile body to the state of the markets of South America principally . In this , however , he could not concur . The state of the European markets , on the contrary , appeared to him to be more immediately the operating cause , and what prospect of a change in them within any reasonable time could the right hon . gent , now Bold out ? It had been said , that after a glut a brisk demand was to be expected , and a stagnation of trade was usually succeeded by a most advantageous change . He was aware that it had been so hitherto , but it had been so from events which were not such as were likely to occur again . The last time the French seriously directed their attention to the annihilation of our trade , they had been called from the borders of the ocean by the Austrian war . The Spanish contest had made a new diversion in favour of our commerce , but what prospect was there that such events would again take place ? They had formerly been told by the right hon . gent , that the edicts of France had shut the markets of the continent against us , but that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had found out an instrument which would soon open them again , and restore the trade of the nation . He then brought forward his Orders of Council , which had been sanctioned by Parliament . He would now ask the right hon . gent . if they had produced that effect , or if there were any probability of their accomplishing , within a short time , the object he had had in view ? From the present restricted state of our intercourse , our colonies were rather burdensome than profitable , as their produce was locked up here , in consequence of our being unable to find a market for it on the continent . For the same reason , the conquest of the enemies colonies tended to increase the distress , because while France had colonies , she did not interdict colonial produce altogether , and much English colonial produce found its way to the continent with