sort , that the Attorney General is called upon to check it by these prosecutions . '' Is it so ? Why , then , Sir , let the causes of that spirit be inquired into . Let us correct the abuses and the grievances that have given it birth . Let us institute these proceedings , in order that we may retrieve the affections of the people , without which , notwithstanding the censure of the hon . and learned gentleman , I shall still assert , 609 that `` the government can not stand . `` —With regard , Sir , to the speech of the Attorney General , it is to be remarked , that he really has rebutted neither the allegation of general grievance under the law , as it stands and is administered ; nor any one of the cases alledged of oppression and partiality . The Attorney General has passed an eulogium on special juries ; but his hon . and learned friend behind him , has not said one word in answer to , or in contradiction of , the facts alledged on that subject by the honourable baronet . This question , however , of special juries shall be made , on a future day , the object of a specific motion ; and therefore nothing more need now be said upon it.—The Attorney General has plumed himself upon his civility to me in ordering all the records and offices to be thrown open to my inspection . I really did not know that I was so much indebted to him . He has given me credit for great industry and care in rummaging into the antient records on the subject . I am afraid , Sir , that I am not entitled to this commendation ; and if it was part of my duty to devote myself to these researches , and to read all these libels before I brought the question forward , I am afraid I must plead guilty to the charge of having come before the House unprepared.—Sir , the Attorney General is very angry at the mention of the word fees , and is extremely indignant that it can be entertained as a possible motive for any Attorney General , that he is to receive fees on the filing of these Informations . Sir , I cast no such imputation upon the learned gentleman : but I wish he had been equally abstemious in another case , where the imputation was equally undeserved , and when it was used for the purpose of aggravating the punishment of an offence of a quite different nature , and with which it had nothing to do . The learned gentleman knows to what I allude , and has mentioned it in the course of his speech . I am glad he has done so ; for I am glad to have an opportunity to state that that imputation was quite unfounded and totally unjustifiable . Sir , I have known Mr. Cobbett , the person against whom the learned gentleman flung out that accusation , for many years . I have heard of the eminent services he performed for his native country when a public writer in America . Honourable testimony has heretofore been borne to those services in this House ; I have known him ever since his return , and have 610 never ceased to admire his public writings , or to esteem his private character , I have more than ever had occasion to do so , since he has been suffering the punishment which he is now undergoing , in Consequence of the prosecution of the Attorney General , and I am extremely happy to have had an opportunity of professing publicly the high esteem which I bear him , and the value I set upon his writings , and the great services he thereby does the country.—The Attorney General has told the House , ( hat I complained of state prosecutions , but that I gave no instance of any such . It is true , that I complained of the possibility as the law