clerks who had failed with notes in their hands , to the amount of hundreds of thousands of pounds . It was , in fact , impossible to know the state of any man 's affairs , from the facility of discount in the Bank of England . Excess of paper , like excess of every thing else , tended to its depreciation . The prima facie evidence was against the Bank of England , and it was for their honour to give the statement required . The malady under which this country laboured , with respect to Bank circulation , was one that might be 734 remedied , if taken in time , but , if neglected , it would be likely to end in a convulsion fatal both to public and private men . approved of the limitation of discount by the Bank , and defended its conduct in many instances . thought that a loose paragraph in the papers possessed no authenticity but what was conferred on it by the hon . gentleman himself ; and conceived that no ground was made out to justify the motion . said , that when the Income Tax was first brought in , it was thought that it would be an injury to commercial men , by obliging them to reveal their affairs ; but this was not admitted as a sufficient argument to counterbalance the one of public advantage proposed by the measure , neither should the reluctance of the Bank Directors be available in the present case . He had listened attentively to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Manning ) , but did not hear any positive evil mentioned as likely to accrue from the adoption of the motion : all that was said , was that evil would result ; but what the evil would be , was left to their own imaginations . For his part , he did not think that any would result ; and on that account , together with the reasons already urged by other gentlemen , he thought that the House had a right to call for the paper . in reply said , that he was still at a loss to know what objection could be made to the motion . He called for the document not to create , but to reconcile differences , by throwing additional light on the subject at issue . His hon . friend had complained that he anticipated the discussion upon the great question ; itself : all he did was , to say that there were different opinions , without stating any opinion himself upon any of the prints . As to the indiscretion with which he had been charged , in alluding to the printed document , it afforded an opportunity to the members of the Committee to disclaim the transaction for themselves , and he was sure they would be obliged to him for it . He had nothing more to add , but to express his conviction that the document was necessary , and with that declaration he should leave it to the House to determine whether they would grant it or not . presented a Message from his royal highness the Prince Regent , representing the distresses which in a part of the inhabitants of Portugal were plunged by the savage barbarities exercised against them by the French army in its retreat , and expressing a desire than heir lordships ' House would concur in enabling him to afford the sufferers speedy and effectual relief.— [ For the Message see the proceedings of the House of Commons . ] The marquis then moved , that his royal highness 's Message be taken into consideration to-morrow , and that the lords be summoned.—Ordered . rose and asked , whether it was the intention of ministers to lay before the House a copy of the Report of her Majesty 's council , respecting the state of the King 's health ? observed , that the Report alluded to by the noble earl was to be found in the records of the Privy Council , and that if the noble