all the warmth and enthusiasm which the situation of the nations on the Peninsula kindled in every British mind , yet he must declare that the government of this country had not conducted their measures by any views or principles of a romantic character . On the contrary , they had acted on a firm persuasion , that in aiding Spain and Portugal they were effectually supporting the cause of Great Britain . He appealed to the policy of our ancestors , 460 which had always regarded Holland and the Peninsula as those parts of Europe with which it was essential to our best interests to maintain a close connection . In pursuit of this object , thus deemed of such importance , the best blood of our country was lavished a century ago . That House had at one period come to a solemn resolution , that this country never could make peace with safety , so long as the crowns of France and Spain were united in one family . How different , and how much more menacing were the circumstances of the present time , and how much more formidable were the projects of the present emperor of France ! It certainly was desirable that all parts of the continent should be delivered from the domination now exercised over them ; but there might be a period when it would be useless and imprudent to lend them any assistance , when it was at the same time an object of the wisest policy to persevere in every effort for the preservation of the independence of the nations on the Peninsula . He now came to the question of practicability . He admitted its importance , but considered experience as its best test . If the House looked back to the commencement of the contest in 1793 , he believed it would be impossible to name a conjuncture that presented a fairer prospect . The campaign of 1805 was over in three months ; in as short a period the Russian , war was terminated ; and in a still shorter the Prussian monarchy was overthrown . If they looked to the duration of the war in Spain and Portugal , they found themselves in the third year of an unremitted struggle . In 1809 , the House was told that it was perfectly vain to contend against the power of France ; in 1810 , this prediction was repealed ; and now , in 1811 , they still heard the same assertions . He was , however , happy to say , that there was not a single province In Spain in which the enemy had yet succeeded in establishing an unresisted authority . The contest , compared to any other , which the French had had to sustain , had been great , had been gigantic ; and he was convinced that the mind of the Spanish people was yet unconquered , and he believed unconquerable . It would be a new fact in history , if a nation rising as Spain had risen , could be overcome . As to what had been said by the noble baron , of the British army possessing no more of Portugal than the circumscribed space 461 within its entrenchments , he would beg leave to remind him that there were four provinces in that kingdom which not a French soldier had hitherto entered . The situation of the army was that , which had been chosen by its commander as one which enabled him to oppose the enemy with the greatest advantage and effect . And here he would ask , had not the character of French wars and French armies been somewhat changed by the events of the last three years ? Whether the tone of that government was what it used to be , when the French ruler proclaimed his march to be irresistible , and announced with such presuming confidence his intentions of driving us into the sea ? The noble lord had objected to the time and form of the vote proposed , which he considered as unusual and unparliamentary . He could ,