not stop the work of the press : it went on , and the second edition was printed and sent home to this man 's house : and this is the republication for which the second Information was filed : Well , but admitting the work itself to have been as heinous a libel , as abominable a publication as ever came from the press . What then ? Does that render the author justly amenable to this Act ? Was this act passed to punish libels ? or to enable attorney generals to punish those whom they chose to pronounce libellers ? —No : this act was passed to prevent culprits running away from justice : to prevent their escape . And I want to know , if this man was more likely to run away from the second Information than from the first ? Whether the re-publication , therefore , gave any good ground for bringing him under the operation of this Act , or not , I say , that the object and purposes of this 612 act have been herein grossly perverted . I say , that this act , passed for one purpose , has been used for another—has been used arbitrarily by the Attorney General for the purpose of punishing a man , who has never been convicted of any crime ; but who had incurred the displeasure of the Attorney General.—On the whole , Sir , I assert , that none of the grounds that I before alleged for this motion , have been , removed . The hardships which I enumerated as attending every person who be '' came the object of this sort of prosecution have not been disproved or denied , in any one instance . And as to the particular grounds , they are equally uncontradicted . The fact asserted by me , and confirmed by the Attorney General , of prosecutions being dropped , is proof of their being improperly commenced : and as to the charge of partiality , in prosecuting some and withholding all restraint from others , none of the gentlemen have touched on the subject . I beg leave here to repeat , that this lenity I do not complain of , but what I complain of is this : that while this lenity is extended to some , great severity is meted out to others . The ground , therefore , on which I stand , is the general hardship , even as the law stood before the alteration—the increased severity of the law in consequence of the 48th of the King—and the abuse and partiality with which the Attorney General has exercised his privilege . These , Sir , are the grounds on which I rely , and upon which I shall take the sense of the House . gave notice , that he should move a clause on Monday , to prevent the Bank from purchasing the Exchequer Bills issued under this act . His lordship also stated , that he should then prove that he was correct in stating that the Bank of Ireland had diminished its issues after the report in 1804 , and which had been positively denied by a noble earl on the former evening . said , he had not denied that the Bank of Ireland had diminished its issues at the period alluded to ; but what he maintained , and was still prepared to contend , was , that the exchange became more favourable to Ireland previous to any diminution of its issues by the Bank . His lordship then proceeded to notice a statement in the Report of the Bullion Committee , which , he maintained , was founded in error ; namely , that the Bank of England had increased its issues between June 1804 and 1806 , whereas it was proved by documents , that , during that period , the issues were diminished . compared the present state of the paper currency with former depreciations , contending that the same cause , namely , an excessive issue of paper , would infallibly produce similar effects to those produced by that