, and considering the alteration that had taken place in the state of affairs , it was not likely that even those who opposed the former grant would be disposed to object to his motion in this instance . The grounds and the motives upon which he had recommended the measure in the last session had been fully and satisfactorily confirmed by experience ; and the events which had since taken place had so changed the views and bearings of the question , that if it were now to be decided even by the voices of those who had thought right to object to the measure last year , no opposition , he was persuaded , would be made to its adoption . When last year he had in the discharge of his public duty submitted to Parliament a proposition for granting to his Majesty a certain sum , to enable his Majesty to take into his pay a portion of Portuguese troops , the idea of employing Portuguese troops under British officers , in British pay , and trained to British discipline , was entirely new . There were not wanting those , on that occasion , who were disposed , as the Committee would recollect , to give way to contemptuous anticipations of what might be likely to be the exertions of such troops . There were persons , too , who threw ridicule on the idea of employing at a great expence such a body of men , whose services were represented of little value to the cause in support of which they were to be employed . It had even been then objected , that , in taking such a number of Portuguese troops into British pay , we would be bringing upon ourselves the whole burthen of the Portuguese war and leaving nothing to be effected by Portugal in the shape of exertion for her own defence , and for her own preservation . In proposing the measure , the fore he 389 had to encounter the discouraging representations of those who considered it nugatory , or worse than nugatory , mischievous ; whilst all he had himself to urge in its support would at best not go beyond conjectures as to its result : but as the conjectures he then entertained and explained to the House had since been fully realised , and every expectation which he had held forth fulfilled , he trusted it would not now be considered too much for him to claim credit for the grounds upon which he then acted . Though some hon . gentlemen took rather a gloomy view of the case , he must say , that the hopes on the other hand were as sanguine as the despair was deep ; but at that time the event was uncertain ; they had nothing palpable to fortify their opinions—no fact to urge in support of their arguments . Now however the case was altered ; the change which had taken place enabled them to refer to the event in order to shew that all the arguments in support of the former grant had been completely confirmed . The expectations held forth , however sanguine , had been exceeded , rather than disappointed , by the result . Under these circumstances therefore , when experience had proved the propriety of the former grant , and when even the assertion , that to take so large a portion of the Portuguese force into British pay would be to leave nothing to the Portuguese nation to do in the maintenance of their own cause , had turned out to be equally unfounded with the suspicions as to the efficiency of the Portuguese troops , he trusted that the Committee would readily and cheerfully concur in the motion he had to make . With respect to the exertions of the Portuguese government , he could assure the Committee , and upon the most unquestionable authority , that instead of 30,000 men , the number taken into British pay , the regular Portuguese force was not less than 44 or 45,000 men . In addition to this regular force , the