to a state of things so novel and extraordinary as that which now exists . The adjustment of exchange is , perhaps , the nicest and most artificial part of the commercial system . By a complicated arrangement of the various money transactions of all commercial countries , it finally determines the mode of payment most advantageous to each , and least chargeable upon the whole . It abounds therefore , even beyond all other mercantile transactions , in distant prospects and intricate combinations , and far more than any other depends upon freedom of intercourse , and activity of correspondence . It is , therefore , in a peculiar manner liable to derangement from those measures of rigorous 944 exclusion , by which the ruler of the continent has attempted to cut off all communication between us and the countries under his control . He has destroyed the modern improvements and refinements of trade ; and in a great degree thrown it back to the practices of barbarous ages and uncivilized nations . We now trade with the continent , by means of fortified stations and armed depots , as we formerly did with the savages of Africa and America . Trade may be carried on by mere barter ; and may even be lucrative and extensive in that form . And where the power of despotism is exerted to prohibit intercourse , barter is almost the only form '' which trade can assume . But remittances by exchange do not form part of such a system of trade . They are the offspring of credit and settled correspondence . Even under the present difficulties , exchange as well as trade has continued to exist ; but , like trade , it has been hazardous , precarious and interrupted ; and in consequence exposed to great losses , and productive , when successful , of unusual profit . It seems , indeed , to have been owing only to the high character of the merchants of England for good faith as well as property , that the operations of exchange have gone on at all ; but amidst all the fluctuations of the continent , reliance was placed on the ultimate security of the drawer or acceptor resident here . Now it is only necessary to suppose an extraordinary profit to have been charged on bills drawn upon England to account for all those appearances which the Committee rely upon as so decisively proving the depreciation of our currency . Ana can it be said that the supposition of such an increase of profit on bills of exchange is inadmissible , when we consider how much the interruption of correspondence placed the British merchant at the mercy of his correspondent ; and find in evidence that the prohibitory decrees have produced such difficulties of communication , as to occasion some articles of trade to sell at a profit of two or three hundred percent ? In times of regular and settled intercourse , indeed , irregularities to a considerable extent may sometimes be observed . The exchange with the south of Europe has often been favourable to Great Britain , while it has been unfavourable with the north—favourable as to America , and unfavourable as to Europe , at the same time ; 945 and this at periods when no supposition of a derangement in our internal currency could have existed . It is somewhat singular that the Bullion Committee should rest on such vague and unsatisfactory proof of the excess of our paper currency as could be derived from the state of the exchange , even if no sufficient reasons of such a state could be pointed out , when they had before them the accounts in which that excess , if it existed , must have appeared . And before I proceed to a particular examination of the resolutions proposed by the learned gent . I shall make a few observations on those accounts . But I must first notice an argument often urged , and which has , I believe , made considerable impression on the public out of doors , if not in this House