was apparent in the present currency , compared with the actual currency , as established by law . He should then propose to state what , in his opinion , was the cause of the deviation in the actual currency from what by law it was intended it should be ; and next , to state what appeared to be the recent state of the foreign exchange ; and lastly , he should submit , for the approbation of the Committee , what in his opinion appeared best calculated to remedy the evil complained of The hon . and learned gentleman then stated the various regulations imposed by acts of parliament from the time of Elizabeth to the present time , for settling the standard . Upon these acts he should pro-pose a Resolution , stating that the only legal money , which can pass , is gold and silver , as declared by the various proclamations alluded to with a reference to the acts ; and that such being the fact , the fall or deviation in the currency was occasioned by too abundant an issue of paper , by the Bank of England , and country bankers ; and that the only security for the country was to convert this paper into legal currency , at the option of the holder at the then price of exchange ; concluding with a Resolution , recommending as expedient and necessary , the amending of the law , which authorises the Bank of England to suspend their cash payments . These were the substantial heads of his Resolution ; and , he trusted , that if gentlemen on the opposite side were disposed , to offer any thing by way of Amendment , they would do him the courtesy to make him acquainted with the substance of their propositions , previous to the day on which he should move the House to go into a Committee . expressed his acknowledgements to the hon . and learned , gentleman , for the candour of his communications ; and assured him , that the Resolutions he intended to propose would be met with equal candour on this side of the House . said , as it could not be expected that gentlemen were prepared to state their sentiments , without reference to the propositions of his hon . and learned friend , that it would be desirable that the Resolutions should , in some way or other , be put in the hands of gentlemen disposed to discuss the question . having been prevented from delivering his opinion on the subject of the affairs in Portugal on a former night , begged to be allowed to avail himself of the present opportunity to say a few words on this head . He was the more inclined to trouble the House on the present occasion , from observing how greatly the expectations of many gentlemen had been , exceeded by the conduct of the Portuguese troops , to whose zeal , spirit and gallantry lord Wellington had borne such ample testimony . He could not but recollect that some gentlemen had been pleased greatly to disparage the efforts and services of our allies in the Peninsula , and had even gone the length of predicting that no advantage whatever was to be expected from their co-operation . How pleasingly and satisfactorily those predictions had been answered , and proved to be unfounded , it would be needless for him now to endeavour to point out . An hon . and gallant general ( Ferguson ) who had at one time been impressed with this unfavourable idea of the Portuguese nation , had , with that magnanimity which was natural to him , retracted his error , and done justice to the zeal and spirit of the Portuguese . He had gained a victory more honourable to him than twenty conquests in the field of battle ; he had triumphed over his prejudices and prepossessions , and he was not above confessing the victory , and making every atonement : in his power . He hoped that other gentlemen would follow so meritorious a conduct