I should consider it an insult to their understandings and an imputation upon their humanity , were I to dwell on the grievances to which public creditors , annuitants , and others 830 are exposed by the present state of the currency , or upon the injurious effects it has upon all legal contracts and obligations . It is enough barely to advert to these circumstances : and therefore having trespassed so long already upon the patience of the Committee , I shall detain them no longer , but conclude by moving my first Resolution . spoke as follows * : The state of my health , as well as anxiety to avoid wasting the time of the Committee , will induce me to obtrude myself on their patience no longer than shall be indispensably necessary from the magnitude of the subject , and the detail into which the statements in the Report under our consideration will unavoidably lead me . Before entering , however , on these , I must make some observations on What has fallen from the learned member who has just sat down . In a speech remarkable for its eloquence and display of talent , he has relied more on his own views of the subject than on the Report of the Committee of which he was an active and distinguished member ; aware , probably , how open that Report is to solid and un answerable objections , and how contrary the opinions expressed in it are to almost the whole of the evidence in the Appendix . I have a confident persuasion that , if my strength shall not fail me , I shall be able to shew to the Committee not only that there has been no depreciation of Bank paper from excessive issue , but that there are more errors and mis-statements in that Report than in any that was ever made to a House of Parliament . I feel confident also of shewing that if the recommendation contained in that Report were enforced by a law , a compliance with it on the part of the Bank would be utterly impracticable ; and that if contrary to my conviction , it were practicable , and should be adopted by the Bank , not the slightest advantage would accrue to the public . The learned gentleman , in the opening of his speech , stated that there were two descriptions of persons with whom he did pot agree ; the one , those who are of opinion that the circulation of paper alone is perfectly sufficient for the use of the country , and that there need be none of the precious metals ; the other , those who maintain that there should be nothing in circulation except the precious metals . I certainly concur with the learned gentleman in differing from both those descriptions of persons . My opinion has invariably been , that although it is extremely desirable that a considerable proportion of the circulation should consist of the precious metals , yet that in the case of their unavoidable absence , the deficiency may * From the original Edition printed for Cadell and Davies , At D.1811 834 be supplied by the circulation of paper without any serious inconvenience to the , commerce of the country . I am , moreover , convinced that the issue of Bank ' , of England paper can have , no possible effect on the price of gold or on foreign exchanges ; which will be proved from the experience of nearly a century . The hon . gentleman next expatiated on the advantages derived to this country from the institution of the Bank of England—a point on which , I presume , we are all agreed ; though very different sentiments will be entertained in regard to the observation which he added ; namely , that unless the Bank should regulate its future conduct in the manner recommended in the Report of the Committee , it would very soon cease to contribute to the national prosperity . He dwelt much on Bank notes not being equivalent to money ; but I