to the state , and which once was considered deserving of the peculiar favour of a free country . The violation of the law against which it was the object of the legislature to guard , is most likely to be committed by men who have neither property nor character to forfeit , and it would probably be found that the security of the public from seditious , immoral , irreligious , or libellous publications , can be little promoted by the studied degradation of the press , and by compelling all men of spirit , integrity , and prudence , to seek other means of employment ; and praying the House to take the premises into consideration , and to grant them such relief as to the wisdom of the House shall seem meet . '' The petition was ordered to lie upon the table ; and Mr. Martin gave notice , that in consequence of the grievances there stated , he would , on this day fortnight , move for leave to bring in a bill , to explain and amend the 39th of the king , relating to this subject . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit to the House a motion relative to the amount of the dividend made by the directors of the East India Company in the teeth of an act of parliament , at a time when they could not shew that they had any profits , from which alone such dividends were authorised to be made by law . The hon . gent . assured the House that he should that night content himself with moving for a paper to ascertain the fact , that at the last time of declaring the dividend a sum of 630,000l . was distributed in dividends . Although he should only now move for that paper , yet he thought it but fair to state , that in his view of the subject , this was a direct 182 violation of the laws . In the act of William III . by which this company was established , as also by the act of queen . Anne , in which they were allowed to add 1,200,000l . to their original capital of two millions , it was expressly enacted , for the security of the proprietors and their creditors , that there should be no dividend except upon the net profits . In 1765 a great alteration took place in the affairs of the company . The grant of Bengal from the Great Mogul elevated this company of merchants into territorial sovereigns . Although the original contract was changed by this circumstance , yet the rents of India , as well as the proceeds , were regulated by strict appropriation . The company were to be allowed to divide S per cent . on their capital , and of the excess of income , alter this dividend , three fourths were to go to the public , and one fourth to the company . If it should appear that there were no net proceeds , they were not entitled by law to issue any dividend . By a subsequent arrangement , after a dividend of 10 per cent . they were required to set apart half a million for a sinking fund , to pay their debts , and to give another half million to the public . The dividends were to be made only out of the proceeds , and according to the account of many of the directors , there had been no proceeds for a number of years . Not finding themselves able this year to pay the dividends by the old devices , they borrowed from government a million and a half , under pretence of carrying on their trade , but really , as he believed , to pay their dividends . He believed that if their affairs were truly stated , it would appear that the company was now 15 millions worse than nothing . They might , to be sure , have an equitable claim on the territory of India for that sure , on the assertion