declared that , as soon as the motion before the House should be disposed of , it was his intention to give notice of the day on which he would move the appointment of a Committee . said , he did not rise to touch on the situation of Ireland , or on the best course of proceeding to be adopted with respect to that country . These considerations he would postpone to the proper period . All things considered , he thought it would he advisable for his right hon . friend to withdraw his motion ; but then he trusted that he would move for the immediate appointment of a Committee ; or if not immediately , for the appointment of a Committee , at least not later than the end of this or the beginning of next month . As to the presence of Irish members , he did not see the necessity of waiting for their return ; for he declared , that he would rather see the majority of the Committee composed of British , than of Irish members . If the appointment of the Committee were postponed until the return of all the Irish members , and until the production of all the official documents , the consequence must be , either that the Committee could come to no conclusion in the present session , or that the session must be inconveniently prolonged for the sole purpose of allowing the Committee time to make their report . was for the early appointment of a Committee , and for impacting , to 437 Ireland all the political advantages enjoyed by the other parts of the united empire . would not take up the time of the House by answering the many observations which had been made in the course of the evening , and which were capable of refutation , but would consent , with the leave of the House , to withdraw his motion , on the direct understanding that he should be at liberty immediately to move the appointment of a Select Committee . said , he would certainly consent to the withdrawing of the motion of the right hon . baronet , but not on the prescribed terms . He was proceeding to show that the present was not the precise time for the appointment of the Committee , when he was interrupted by , who observed , that the question whether an honourable member should or should not have leave to withdraw a motion , was not debateable ? If any single member dissented , leave could not be granted . The Speaker then put the question , and no dissenting voice being heard , he declared that the right hon . baronet had leave to withdraw his motion . observed , that he certainly meant to express his dissent , if the leave was to be granted on the understanding wished for by the right hon . baronet . replied , that the right hon . gent , ought to have marked his dissent by an audible negative . original motion being therefore withdrawn , he proceeded immediately to move , `` That the several Accounts and other Papers , presented to the House , during this Session of Parliament , relative to the Public Income and Expenditure of Ireland , be referred to the consideration of a Select Committee , and that the Committee be instructed to examine into the same , and to report the same to the House . '' said , had he understood the question , he would not have consented to the motion being withdrawn . The motion now made appeared to him most extraordinary . The right hon . baronet had never thought of the appointment of a Committee ; but on the general sense of the House appearing to be that way , his right hon . friend had said , if the right hon . baronet would withdraw his motion , he would pledge the government to propose the appointment of this Com- 438 mittee . But now the right hon . baronet ' forsooth would take it out of the