speaking , not of the causes of depreciation , but simply of the fact . That assignats were discredited in all sorts of ways , no person doubts . But the price of the precious metals in those assignats was , after all , the evidence and the measure of their depreciation . The high price which other commodities bore in assignats , afforded , to be sure , strong suspicions of depreciation ; but it proved the fact , and established the degree of that depreciation only as compared with the price for which the same articles could be obtained in gold or silver . I say this to guard myself against the imputation of disparaging Bank notes by comparing them with a currency so notoriously worthless and fraudulent . Paper currencies may be depreciated from various causes which have no resemblance to each other ; but whatever be the causes of depreciation , the test of it is in all cases the same . On all these grounds , I own my entire , though unwilling , conviction—that a deprestation of our paper currency does actually exist ; —that the permanently un-favourable state of the exchanges with foreign countries , is an indication—and the long-continued high price of bullion at ; home , the proof—of it . I can at the same time most truly say , that I shall hold my-self infinitely indebted to any man who , 1112 by reasoning and argument , by reference to admitted facts and established principles , can bring me back from this most unsatisfactory conviction.—No man set out in the examination of the subject with less disposition to arrive at this conclusion : and no man would more gladly find reasons that could satisfy his own mind for receding from it . I confess , however , that although I can make full allowance to others for the same unwillingness which I have felt myself , to believe in the fact of an existing depreciation , I am more alarmed than encouraged by the apparent disposition rather to escape from the avowal of this fact , than to controvert it . I can not see , without concern , the constant flight from the point , at which the controversy really lies , to the war , to the harvest , to Portugal , and to Buonaparté ; —in short , to every imaginable topic , except those on which the discussion essentially turns . This may confuse and perplex the argument , by raising a crowd of images with which it has noelation . But as to the point at issue , it seems to me a confession of weakness rather than a display of strength . Still greater is my apprehension , when I hear what are the motives assigned for continuing the present state of oar currency , whatever it may be , rather than making any attempt to decide what that state really is , and , if necessary , to correct or to improve it . Some persons there are indeed so sanguine and extravagant as to deny altogether that either improvement or correction is necessary ; or that the ideas which these words convey can be applicable to a system which they consider , not as an evil , but as a benefit . We have been told of `` localized '' currency , of an `` insulated '' circulation , as a blessing far out-weighing all the other advantages arising from our peculiar local situation ; as something analogous to them ; something which was wanting to complete the perfection of our insular character , and which we have fortunately stumbled upon by accident—for I think no man has been hardy enough to say , that we could have or ought to have established it by design . One hon . gent . ( Mr. Baring ) only , I think , has gone back to the origin of the Bank Restriction in 1797 , and has imputed to the great man who was the author of it , an intention of laying in that measure the foundation of a system of fraudulent