hon . friend were before they postponed the discussion . Finding that the view taken of the subject by his hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) coincided with his own , he had requested him to draw up Resolutions accordingly , and it had so happened , that this was the earliest moment he could apprize the House of his intention . spoke only on the supposition that they were to be the contrary of those proposed by his hon . and learned friend . If they should turn out unexpectedly not to be so , certainly the foundation of his suggestion would be gone . thought that there should be the earliest notice given of Resolutions of such great and acknowledged general importance as those to be proposed by the right hon . gent . He did not accuse the right hon . gent , of taking the House by surprise—very far from it ; but still it was to be lamented that they were not already before the public , in order to enable them to form a fair judgment upon them , com- 760 pared with those from which they were avowed so materially to differ . It might too operate rather unexpectedly on his hon . and learned friend , who was not then in town , nor could be , he believed , before some time in the forenoon of Monday . expressed a wash that the resolutions might be ready for printing on Friday . pledged himself that nothing should be wanting on his part to put them in every state of forwardness.—The motion was then agreed to . observed , that there were only three ports in Portugal to which the exports of Ireland , such as woollen , cotton , and leather , could be sent . He wished , therefore , to now , whether any greater facilities would be afforded to the manufacturers and merchants of Ireland to dispose of their commodities ? He also wished to know whether any steps were taking respecting the engrossing of brandies by the Oporto merchants ? replied , that there were no complaints of the want of places to dispose of the commodities alluded to , though he ports were so few ; for the merchants found customers enough . With respect to the second question , he was not prepared to answer it . rose to move for the production of an account of the Exchequer bills in the Bank of England , for a certain pe-wed . The hon . gent . conceived that it would be necessary-to make only a few observations by way of preface to his motion , reserving to himself-the right of replying to any arguments which might be adduced against it . The amount of Bank notes in circulation for the four years succeeding the period at which his motion would commence ( 1797 ) , was from 11 to 13 millions . Previous to the passing of the Bank Restriction Act , they only amounted to 8 millions ; and it appeared from the documents produced , that , at the latest period to which those documents were made up , they amounted to from 22 to 24 millions . The-effect of the depression of the coinage was the rapid increase of this species of circulating medium , and yet so unconscious was the deputy governor of the Bank of this boon of the ministers , that he attributed the depression to the unlimited grant of foreign licences , and not to the alarming increase of Bank notes . The great evil which the public sustained by this increase , was the advance in price of every commodity . The directors of the Bank , however , denied the fact ; for they assert that the advance of price is owing to other causes , and they contend that there is not a note more in circulation than what is required for the service of the public . One of the great evils of this circulating medium is the facility which it affords to the company to purchase up ail the Exchequer Bills which