the more imperiously demanded , as the evil was not upon the decrease , but likely to advance in a rapid proportion . said , he had received a letter from the country of a similar nature with that to which the noble lord had adverted . The Speaker then left the chair . , after stating the circumstances which , had occasioned the . delay in the departure of the Chief Justice of Sierra Leone ( Mr. Thorpe ) , namely the difficulty , which existed in the drawing out of the charter ; and , subsequently , the impossibility of procuring an opportunity to go out , none occurring till within the last three weeks , moved , `` That 14,495l . 11s . 6d . to be granted to his Majesty , for defraying the expences of the civil establishment of Sierra Leone , during the year 1811 . '' observed , that , until the charter was signed , the appointment of the Chief Justice could not be considered 740 as legal ; and that , therefore , he was not entitled to his salary until that period . explained . Mr. Thorpe had been appointed in 1808 , when it was imagined that the charter would be executed in a very short time . In the first place , however , there was found considerable difficulty in preparing the bill of instructions . This occupied three months . It was then submitted to the Attorney General , afterwards to Lord Ellenborough and lastly to the Lord Chancellor , by whom several doubts were entertained with respect to different parts of the instrument ; and which doubts occasioned an additional delay of near a twelvemonth . During the whole of this period Mr. Thorpe was entirely precluded from taking any other situation ; liable as he was to be called on at a day 's notice to go out to Sierra Leone . Nothing could be more just , therefore , than that he should enjoy the same salary as if he had been in the actual execution of his office . reprobated the delay which had taken place . If , in the interval , justice had been ill administered in Sierra Leone , the delay was criminal ; if it had been well administered , the appointment of a Chief Justice was unnecessary . A more suspicious case never , in his opinion , came before parliament : and as an hon . friend below him ( Mr. Dent ) had given notice for an inquiry into the situation of the colony , he trusted that the Committee would not vote so large a sum as that required , until the inquiry had taken place . said , that whatever might be thought of the propriety of an establishment like Sierra Leone , as it had for its object no less than the moral improvement of the coast of Africa , it became necessary to put it on as liberal a fooling as the other colonies of his Majesty . With respect to the particular appointment now complained of , he observed that 1,500l . was considerably under the sums paid to the heads of Admiralty Jurisdictions in any other situation , which were 2,000l . a year at least . The salary in this case was not only for a judge of the prize court , but for Chief Justice . It Was found extremely difficult to procure a person sufficiently qualified to accept the situation . An hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Stephen ) who had been applied to could not procure any such person ; and government found out last the gentleman appointed in a ju- dicial situation in Upper Canada . When the appointment took place no delay in making out the charter was foreseen ; but if was proper to remark that unless the business lay in a very narrow compass indeed , when it came before the Lord Chancellor it might-not be-easy for him in the midst of the multiplied business before him to give it a more early determination As to the amount of