governed by this standard . `` † Under the head of Established standards should be inviolably kept , and more especially that of money , `` he makes the following valuable observations . `` The standard measures of a country being once established and known , any deviation from , these afterwards Could answer no good purpose ; but , on the contrary , they must needs be attended with mischievous consequences ; they would disturb the arithmetic of the country , confound settled ideas , create perplexities in dealings , and subject the igaorant and unwary to frauds and abuses . `` But of all standard measures in any country , that of money , is : the most important , and what should be most sacredly kept from any violation or alteration whatsoever . The yard , the bushel , the pound , & c. are applied only to particular commodities ; and should they be altered the people would soon 'learn to accommodate themselves in their bargains to the new measures ; and it is but rare , that these have any retrospect to preceding contracts . But money is not only an universal measure of the values of all things ; * Part 1 , p. 55 . †Part 1 , p. 59 . 1033 but is also at the same time , the equivalent as well as the measure in all contracts , foreign as well as domestic . The laws have ordained , that coins having certain denominations well known to every body , should contain certain assigned quantities of pure or fine silver . This makes our standard of money , and the public faith is guaranty , that the mint shall faithfully and strictly adhere to this standard ; it is according to this standard , and under this solemn guaranty , that all our establishments are fixed , all our contracts public and private , foreign and domestic , are made and regulated . Is it not self-evident then , that no alteration can be made in the standard of money , without an opprobrious breach of the public faith with all the world , without infringement of private property , without falsifying of all precedent contracts , without the risk at least of producing infinite disorders , distrusts , and panics among ourselves , as all men would become thereby dubious and insecure as to what might farther be done hereafter , without creating suspicions abroad , that there is some canker in the state , without giving such a shock to our credit as might not afterwards be easily repaired ? These wild and unjustifiable measures have ever been and ever will be considered , as a kind of public declaration of some inward debility and decay , and the discredit occasioned thereby , has ever proved injurious to those who used them . All payments abroad are regulated by the course of exchange , and that is founded upon the intrinsic values , and not on the mere names of coins . But having once broke the public faith and : curtailed the settled and long established measure of property , foreigners will make ample allowance for what we may do of this kind hereafter , and however we may cheat and rob one another , they will not only secure themselves , but make an advantage of our discredit by bringing the exchange against us beyond the par . If we think to avert this evil by transporting our coin , our having debased it will avail us nothing . `` * Under the following head , `` By debasing the standard of money , the greatest loss will fall upon those who live on their own established properties , '' he points out the evil consequences of depreciated currency . It hath been already shewn , that , should the standard of money be altered , * Part 2 , p. 30 . 1034 tradesmen of all sorts would help themselves , and they would probably ward off some of the inconveniences they would otherwise be subject unto by continuing to reckon in the old money