gent . might then , perhaps , be more conveniently given . He trusted the House would agree with him in the propriety of his confining himself , for the present , to great and broad principles ; he should apply himself to the spirit of some of the first resolutions now proposed , and to the main point at this moment in issue . That main point was , not whether the Bank should open at any particular time , or any change be made as to the law in this respect , which would be a second consideration ; but whether with a view to facilitate such opening if it should be prescribed , or with a view to secure the due maintenance of our standard during the long continuance of the restriction of cash payments , if the continuance should be deemed advisable , it was or was not expedient that the Bank should regulate the issues of its paper with a reference to the price of Bullion , and the state of the exchanges . The Bank and the Bullion Committee were at variance on this leading and essential point . The Committee affirmed , that the quantity of paper had an influence on the price of bullion , and the state of the exchanges ; all the directors of the Bank who had been examined , affirmed that it had not . The right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Rose ) 896 likewise insisted that it had not . `` None whatever , '' were his words . This was a great practical question . If the Bank had in their own hand the power of improving the exchange , and lowering the price of bullion , and did not use it , if they had the means of restoring , or contributing to restore , the standard of the country , and did not at all believe that they possessed it , then it became the House , who had exempted them from the necessity of making payments in cash , supposing it to agree with the Bullion Committee , to take care that the Bank should resort to the proper remedy of the present evil , by interposing some suggestion of their own on the subject . He would now proceed to prove , that quantity of paper had an influence on the price of bullion and the exchanges . There were two steps in this argument . First , he had to shew that quantity of paper influenced its value , or in other words , the relative value of commodities exchanged for it . Could it be doubted , on the first mention of the proposition , that the quantity of all articles affected their value ? This was unquestionably true of the precious metals , for the augmented supply obtained from the mines of the new world , was acknowledged to have produced that general lowering of the value of money , which had been experienced in Europe for many years . And why was paper , the substitute for gold , to be exempted from this universal law ? He had never yet found any man , who , when the simple question was put to him , whether an augmentation of paper had a tendency to reduce its value , or raise that of commodities , had been so singular as to refuse his assent to the proposition . One of the Bank directors of Dublin , when examined before the Committee on the state of the Irish Exchange , though firmly persuaded that an extension of paper currency had no influence whatever on exchanges , had been very ready to agree that it must have an effect on the price of commodities , and one of the directors of the Bank of England had then , if he rightly recollected , made a similar admission . This point had been conceded only the other day in the House ; for in debating the question of granting Exchequer Sills to the distressed manufacturers , it was generally affirmed and understood that the supply of