but the theory to the practice . It was urged , that prosecutions would be increased by lessening , the , punishment : but that he denied , as far , as his experience went ; and if prosecutors , juries , judges , and witnesses were affected by such a circumstance , he did not see why it should not be supposed to have an influence upon offenders themselves The , terror of the law operated in the , best way that law could operate , namely , to prevent the commission of crimes , It had been said , that one object of the Bill was , to diminish the discretion of judges . He was sure , that no greater be on could be granted to them than such a step , if it could be done without materially injuring the country at large ; but , in his opinion , the loss or limitation of their discretion would be attended with , the worst consequences . He agreed , however , in one thing with his hon . and learned friend . 744 Sentence , he thought , ought not to be passed upon those who were not intended to be executed ; and he was also inclined to think that the value for which an offender could be punished capitally , might be raised in proportion to the alteration of the value of money at the present day . could not agree that the Bill would have no practical effect . The law , as it stood at present , was calculated to introduce a sort of gambling into vice , in consequence of the uncertainly of punishment . He defended his hon . and learned friend from the imputation of intending to change the laws of his country ; and maintained that his only object was to give the country a practical code . It had been said that laws should be severe ; but when they were too much so the sympathies of the people were driven to the side of the criminal , and they were sent away rather shocked than reformed . thought it was a great practical evil that juries should be exposed to perjury . He instanced several cases in which verdicts had been given contrary to evidence , for the purpose of avoiding the capital-parts of the charges , and hoped his hon . and learned friend would persevere in his intention . thought that the legislators of the present day should give some credit to the wisdom of our ancestors , who had made and acted upon the law as it now stood . He doubted whether crimes were numerically increased , but he was certain their depth of dye was not ; and this he attributed to the calculations which culprits made between the crimes which were punished capitally , and those which were not . He objected to venturing on an unknown sea , and repealing a law which had the sanction of antiquity . If he did agree to it , it should be only as an experiment for one or two years , but even that he feared would have a tendency to unsettle the minds of the people . said he had not hitherto taken any part in these discussions , because he thought other gentlemen more competent to deliver their opinions than he could be ; but he could not help now offering a few words to the consideration of the House . He was astonished at the array of lawyers that always opposed his hon . and learned friend ; and he was no less astonished at hearing his hon . and learned friend 's opinions termed theoretical ; and he was as much astonished at the ingenious speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Frankland ) , who certainly said all that could be-said against the Bill ; and though he did not convince , at least succeeded in dazzling in some parts , and puzzling in others . Did the lawyers recollect , that his hon . and learned friend , in following up his great and