from their having acted wisely and uprightly in the conscientious discharge of an extremely difficult duty : nor would I contribute to protect them , in delaying for one hour to pay in cash after they shall have the possible moans of doing it . I admit too , that to effect that very highly desirable object , no expence should be spared . The Bank have derived large profits by the increase of their notes , and they ought not to hesitate at incurring any expence for the attainment of it , when that shall be practicable . But I contend that no expenditure , to whatever extent , could in the smallest degree contribute to it at present . The only suggestion for that purpose , from the Bullion Committee , is the reducing their issues , which I am persuaded would be attended by the pernicious consequences already alluded to upon our foreign and domestic commerce , our manufactures and internal improvements , and consequently on the labourers of the different classes ; as well as upon the management of our revenue , without the intended effect being produced by it . Here again we have the benefit of experience . By the reduction of Bank-notes in 1796 , from 10,632,000l , in January of that year to 9,203,000l . in January 1797 , the drain of gold was not prevented in 1797 . At present gold is no where to be had in sufficient quantities to afford any thing like an adequate supply . My hon . friend says , `` If a supply be necessary for our circulation , it must be procured by an exchange of other commodities , which we can spare , just in the same way as hemp , for instance ; an article of which it is at least as much the interest of our enemies to intercept the supply : '' but he does not tell us where the commodities are to he sent in greater quantities than our present exports . He must know that we already export all we can ; and in the last year more than we ought to have done , according to his own shewing . In another part of his work , my hon . friend says , that `` gold does not form the basis of the currency of any other country ; that the quantity of gold in Europe is not less now , and is probably greater than it was at any former period ; that the price has not 890 risen on the continent ; that it is to be purchased in the markets there ; in the markets of Africa and America ; and in our own market . '' This is surely a most extraordinary assumption , when we have daily proof of purchases from the continent with such eagerness , as to set no limitation to prices . Respecting the markets of Africa and America , my hon . friend could hardly be serious ; from the latter , remittances are already obtained to the extent of our manufactures , of which , for a time , there is unfortunately a glut , as has been already observed ; and from the former , the supply for a long time has not been considerable . The home-market is utterly unavailable , in consequence of the demand upon it to satisfy debts on the continent , which are paid by our merchants with the strictest punctuality , while the payment of those due to this country from any part of the continent are universally suspended by the oppressive and tyrannical proceedings of our inveterate enemy . is asked , `` Has much gold been received from the Continent of Europe ? '' to which he answers , `` I believe none ; I judge so by no continental merchants being sellers to us . '' And when asked whether any quantity has come from the Brazils , his answer is . 891 `` Gold has been lately sent over to the Brazils ; and silver also : '' —from whence we know that supplies of the