cradle , and first fostering care , to those effusions from Ferney and Moutiers Travers , * to those aspirations after a greater good , and a more entire freedom , and to those attempts to refine , improve , ameliorate the supposed degraded state of society , of moral sentiment , and of law , which , in their operation , have spread misery over half the world , and , by their re-action , have enslaved the very country which gave them birth , and in which had been once found the stoutest champions of liberty . Sir , I also felt it to be my duty again to consult the works of Dr. Paley , and to reconsider his observations on these subjects . I would say something on them : but I have trespassed too long . I am very thankful , very deeply and sincerely thankful , for the indulgence which has hitherto been extended to me . I will not abuse it . There have been times , and there have been those , * who could discourse on such subjects , not only without fatiguing the House , but keeping their attention alive in one continued stream of delight and admiration : —those times are past—those men are gone ; and we are left to toil on in the dark , sorrowing , as well as we can . One thing , however , I must say , as to Dr. Paley , that I think my honourable and learned friend was perfectly correct in asserting as he has done , that what Dr. Paley calls the system of the British penal code , was not a system in the ordinary sense of the word ; but grew gradually by detached acts both of legislation and of administrative jurisprudence , to be what it now is . But , I am * Residences of Voltaire and Rousseau in Switzerland . * When this Bill was last year under the consideration of the House , viz . May 1st , 1810 , Mr Windham defended the doctrines of Dr. Paley in a speech of great length and unrivalled ability . He died the beginning of the next month . 631 persuaded that if gentlemen will consult Dr. Paley , they will find that he does not use the word system in the limited sense of the word ; but he speaks as he was an artist , contemplating the work of art , and he points out those features of our criminal jurisprudence , which , he conceives , characterise and distinguish it . God forbid , that British laws , or British institutions , should ever be supposed to have grown out of preconceived systems ; nor should ever , at any time , be cut and carved so as to be squared to any man 's preconceived systems ! The moment we so deem of them , or so dabble with them , our liberties and happiness are at an end . Sir , it is not necessary for me to contend , that there may not be other systems more effectual for the prevention of crimes , than the one adopted in this country ; nor is it my purpose so to contend . Indeed , I believe that other systems are more effectual for the prevention of crime . I only say that if in this country , there is little preventive justice there must be much penal . I even admit that preventive justice is more operative than penal . In countries , in which have been introduced the patria polestas , the domestic jurisdiction of the heads of families , multiplied tribunals , spread without a gap throughout the land , justice brought , as it has been called , to every man 's door , a well organised , powerful , armed , vigilant and indefatigable police , the perpetual superintendance of authority , public and private , every where on the watch , with eyes that never sleep , so that no man is for a moment out of the sight and influence of those who