that even those which were continued in employment , 255 were continued at a very reduced rate of wages , amounting to not more than one-half of their ordinary payment—that under these circumstances , great distress Was felt amongst the workmen ; and though there had not been any failures among the more considerable and best established houses of manufacture in Lancashire , yet that great distress and embarrassment must already be felt by many , and that some parliamentary assistance would be of most essential advantage . Your Committee think it right to refer to the returns of the export of the cotton manufactures in the following years , to shew the state and progress of the trade in this article of manufacture , up to the period when this distress began to be strongly felt . The official value of cotton manufactures exported from Great Britain , in the year ending 5 Jan. 1808 , was £.9,846,889 . In the year ending 5 Jan. 1809 12,835,803 . In the year ending 5 Jan. 1810 13,616,723 . And in the three quarters ending 10 October 1810 13,761,136 . It appeared to your Committee , that there had been no want of a disposition on the part of the banks in Scotland to give their accommodation ; that they had liberally applied it as far as was possible ; but that it was impossible they could continue their aid , as they had their capital already locked up in an immense number of bills , the payment of which was suspended . Your Committee also found , that great distress was felt in a quarter which was much connected with this trade , namely , amongst the importers of produce from the foreign West India Islands , and from South America . That great parts of the returns for the manufactures which were exported to those parts of the world , came home in sugars and coffee ; which not being entitled to sale in the home market , there were no immediate means of realizing their value . These representations of the distress experienced in the trade of the cotton manufacturer and exporter , and from the want of market for foreign colonial produce , were also confirmed by respectable merchants and traders in London ; who also stated , that the embarrassments were felt in other branches of trade , not connected with foreign commerce or colonial produce . It also appeared to your Committee , that 256 one cause which might be considered as connected with and as at present aggravating the existing distress , was the extent to which the system of warehousing the goods of foreigners , as well as native merchants , for exportation , had been carried . On this point , the Committee refer to the evidence of Mr. Cock , commercial and public agent for the corporation of Liverpool , and general agent to the merchants of the town ; who informed the Committee , that , `` Since the opening of the West India and London Docks , Great Britain has ; under the provisions of the warehousing acts , become a free port , into which foreign goods of almost every description may be brought and safely deposited , and from whence they may be exported again without payment of importation duties.—This country possessing peculiar advantages for foreign commerce , the consequence of such facility to introduce goods from all parts of the world has been , that the merchants of other countries , whether neutrals , enemies or allies , have been eager to avail themselves of every opportunity of sending their goods hither . From Spain ( for instance ) such goods as have not been imported on British account , the Spanish merchants have been anxious to send here for safety and for sale—the same remark applies to Portugal ; in fact , we are now the exporters of Portugal wines to that country . While importations from Europe , not the result of a demand for them , have thus been occasioned , the markets of South America , both Portuguese and Spanish , have