As to the description of persons employed , be should say that the result of an inquiry he had directed to be made on the subject shewed the number of persons from England employed in the work not to exceed twenty ; and if his recollection served him right , he could state them to be only six . The Resolution was then agreed to . rose , and stated , that in consequence of the postponement of the debate on the Bullion Report , he had availed himself of the interval to examine the Propositions of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) , particularly so far as they related to facts , wherein they seemed to him to beat Variance with the evidence before the House . He had paid this attention to them , in order , that if House should 788 come to a question upon them , he might be enabled to move some Amendments , to correct what he conceived the variance they contained from the evidence . With this view , he had reduced what appeared to him to be necessary to correct the misstatements of facts , into a plain statement , though he had not yet formed it into the technical shape of Resolutions to be submitted by way of Amendments . It might be for the convenience of gentlemen to be put this day in possession of the substance of his Amendments , and it was with that view he had risen to read the statements he had prepared to the House . He should only premise , that he had confined himself in this instance solely to facts ; and where facts and doctrine were intermixed , he had taken care studiously to separate the facts from the doctrines . The hon . and learned member then proceeded to read the substance of the Amendments he had to propose , beginning with the fourth , and ending with the tenth of Mr. Vansittart 's series of Resolutions . The hon . and learned gentleman then gave in his statement at the table , in order that it might be printed for the convenience of gentlemen . [ For the said Amendments , see the Debate of the 15th instant . ] thought it desirable before the House proceeded further in the Westminster Hustings Bill , to ascertain the nature and extent of the responsibility attached to the office of High Bailiff of Westminster . He accordingly moved , that a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the Office of High Bailiff of Westminster , and report upon the duties and burdens incident thereto . supposed , that this proposed enquiry was intended to precede the enactment of a Bill upon the subject : but as he did not think that any enquiry could ultimately justify such a proceeding , he should vote against the appointment of the Committee . Any Bill such as had been proposed could only have the effect of raising the price of the office of High-bailiff of Westminster , and putting so much additional money into the pocket of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster , without in any degree relieving the officer . The bailiff was indeed indemnified at present , as might be proved by the success of his action against him ( Sir Francis ) for the expence of the election , though he had been nominated without 789 his desire , and returned without his consent . Against the principle of that decision , he must beg leave to protest . The learned judge ( lord Ellenborough ) thought , that when a member of parliament had the advantage of his seat it was but fair that he should bear the expence of his election . Now , though undoubtedly the learned judge might have had good reason for his decision , though he might personally have found his seat profitable and advantageous , still he ( sir Francis ) could not see any advantage to be derived from a laborious discharge of one 's duty in that House . expressed his satisfaction at the motion , which