policy of the campaign in Portugal were the subject of discussion . He was ready to acknowledge , that on the invasion of Portugal by the French armies , and in the course of their progress , he did anticipate a very different issue to the campaign from that which had since happily taken place . Whether the grounds upon which he had formed that opinion were just or defensible—whether the reasons and considerations which induced him to come to such a conclusion were well or ill founded , had more or less the appearance of probability to support them—whether in the eye of prudence or upon any principle of policy they might or might not be susceptible of justification , he did not mean then to inquire . It was enough to say that they were at the time his conscientious opinions . He had in the present instance a much more agreeable task to perform in expressing the great and signal satisfaction he felt , that the event had not corresponded with the fears which he felt , nor confirmed the anticipations which pressed upon his mind . To their lordships , and to the public , this explanation might be of no importance ; to himself however , and to his own character , he felt such an explanation not only due , but of consequence ; and he trusted their lordships would do him the justice to believe , that the opinions which he , had formerly delivered , though now happily contradicted by the event , were at least the sincere and honest dictates of his mind , taken up from no illiberal or invidious feeling . He had now no hesitation to qualify and retract them ; and this very circumstance , perhaps , gave a value to his vote on the present occasion , which would render it probably not less grateful to him who was its object , and which would not otherwise have belonged to it , had he been one of those who anticipated success from the greatness of the means that were employed to attain it . Those who looked forward to success at all periods of the campaign were bound to acknowledge the valour and consummate skill of the commander of the allied forces ; but that acknowledgment was still more amply due from those who , like himself , did conceive the difficulties in which lord Wellington was placed , to be such , as to threaten him and his army with the greatest danger , and greatly to diminish the hopes of a successful issue . This was the only use he wished to make of those recollections and allusions , which only served to exalt in his mind the character of this consummate commander , and to heighten his gratitude for that transcendent skill and valour which had surmounted such formidable difficulties . After the faithful and able detail , which their lordships had just heard of the nature , the character , the operations and events of the campaign , it was not his intention to detain the House by a repetition of the well merited eulogium to which they had all listened with so much satisfaction . He should only say , that upon the whole it appeared manifest , that by the most exemplary and patient perseverance under unfavourable circumstances , and at the moment of action by the skilful combination of force and the most determined courage , a great success had been achieved , and as much honour done to the British army as any victory could have accomplished . The success itself was greatly enhanced by the small amount of bloodshed with which it was attained . Had the French army been defeated in a great battle with the loss of 20 or 25,000 men , which might perhaps be nearly the amount of their losses in the retreat , such a victory could not have been obtained without a heavy expenditure of British blood . In the midst of our rejoicings on such an event , there must have been many mournings ; but the enemy had now