in fact for asserting , that our currency has lost its value in comparison with other articles , as for stating ( if they mean to state it , which I am still unable to ascertain ) , that the notes of the Bank of England are depreciated in comparison with our legal money . The question is indeed of much less importance ; and the fact , if true , would , as I have endeavoured to show , have produced effects wholly different from , and even contrary to , those attributed to it in the Report . So much stress , however , is laid on the state of the exchange , that I think it necessary to recall your attention to it . To any one who peruses the evidence and accounts laid before the Committee , without a disposition to seek for occult causes , there will appear no difficulty in ascribing the unfavourable state of the exchange , to circumstances notorious and undisputed . All the witnesses examined attribute the fall of the exchange to the balance of payments being turned against this country , by the large importations from the Baltic , and of grain from France and Holland , by the operation of the French decrees , and of the American embargo , at once rendering exports difficult , and preventing the adjustment of accounts and remittances , and by the great expenditure of government abroad , in subsidies , and mliitary and naval services . To go into the particulars of these accounts would lead to a tedious detail of figures ; and upon the last head , one of the most important , the Committee confess their information to be imperfect . These circumstances also , were so ably discussed by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) last night , as to render it less necessary to examine them in detail . The effect of the American embargo , I shall , however , touch upon , as I do not recollect that he explained that part of the subject ; but it is so clearly stated in the evidence , as to require little elucidation . It there appears , that the Americans , who were uniformly debtors to Great Britain , for manufactures exported to a much 943 larger extent than the value of their produce received in return , were also creditors to the continent of Europe to a considerable amount , and that their debt to England was usually discharged in part by bills on the continent , which , of course , had the same effect on the exchange , as an export of British goods of the same value . Our importations from the Baltic usually much exceed our exportations to the countries on its shores , and this is more especially the case in time of war , on account of the increased consumption of naval stores . The indirect mode of payment by means of the American bills , was therefore particularly valuable ; and when it was stopped , an effect was produced equal to the loss of a great export of our own . The evil was also much increased by the sudden and unexpected nature of the interruption . The same mode of remittance would also have been important , with reference to the importations of corn from France and Holland , many of which are stated to have been paid for in actual cash , from the impossibility of making any other return , and which might have been discharged by the American bills . But even if I had not been able to assign any ordinary and well-understood causes for the present state of the exchange , and to show that they were capable of producing such effects by reference to former experience , I should not have admitted any circumstance attending the exchange at the present time to be satisfactory evidence of the state of our internal currency . For I can not allow that principles and reasonings fairly applicable to the phenomena of exchange , in ordinary cases , have any application