intention to move to-morrow for a 109 committee , to consider of what was right to be done in this case , and to report to the House . called the attention of their lordships to a circumstance which he considered of the greatest importance : he alluded to the verdict of a coroner 's jury in January last , on the body of a person deceased in the Marshalsea prison , and who was stated to hare died from want . The particulars of this case were peculiarly afflicting . The unfortunate individual was immured in the Marshalsea prison in November last , for a debt of only seven pounds . It appeared that he was in the greatest distress , and had no other means of subsistence than the charity of his unhappy fellow sufferers in the same prison . He was reduced even to gnaw the bones which were thrown into the yard ; he had neither bed nor cloathing ; the miserable room which he inhabited had no window ; and when the jury viewed the body , it was in a state which it was impossible to describe . The coroner 's jury had actually returned a verdict of `` starved to death , '' but upon re-consideration , they finally returned the mitigated verdict of `` we verily believe that the deceased 's death was caused by want of food and cloathing , and of proper attention in his illness . '' The facts which he stated could be proved in evidence , is thought necessary , at their lordships ' bar . He thought it right to mention , that two shillings were found upon the deceased , but from all the circumstances that had transpired , ( here was every reason to believe , that these two shillings , if not conveyed into the pocket of the deceased after his death , were at least given to him at a period when it was too late to be of any service to him . From the slow process of the law , five months must elapse before the prisoner for debt could obtain from his creditor who kept him in prison , the miserable pittance of six-pence per day , and this wretched individual had , in the mean time , been reduced to this dreadful state of distress . He thought it his duty to make a motion , in order that this case might be brought before the House , and more particularly at this time , when the law of Debtor and Creditor was under their lordships ' consideration , upon the I bills which had been by the noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) presented to their notice . If their lordships had any wish to stand well with the people , he was cer- 110 tain they could not adopt a course more likely to insure the good will and affec-ticns of the people than that of keeping a strict watch over the details of the administration of justice . His lordship concluded by moving , `` That the proper officer do lay before the House , a copy of the Proceedings before the Coroner , and of the verdict of the Coroner 's Jury on the body of William Culver deceased , in the prison of the Marshalsea , * in January last. '' —Ordered . rose to put a question to the right hon . gent . respecting our relations with the United States . They had been given to understand in the Regent 's Speech , at said , it was true that the American minister had that day had his audience of leave , but that the negociations were finally broken off , he had yet to learn of the hon . gent . Though the American minister was about to leave this country , he was not quitting it under such circumstances as the hon . gent . supposed . He would leave behind him a charge d'affaires to carry on a diplomatic correspondence , and so far from the negociations between the two countries being interrupted , a gentleman had