the duty proposed to be imposed on spirits distilled from sugar . It appeared that spirits distilled from grain were in greater favour with the people of this country than those distilled from sugar . He meant , then , to propose that a duty of 4½d . per gallon should be laid on corn wash , which would yield probably a sum not less than 400,000l . To protect our home spirits , he should also move , that an additional sum be imposed on imported spirits from abroad , with the exception of rum , which would still , however , leave the duty on rum higher than that on other spirits . There was still a more difficult question to be settled , and that was the countervailing duties on spirits between Great Britain and Ireland . The great difficulty was between Scotland and Ireland ; for the counter- 1177 vailing duty between Great Britain and Ireland did not apply altogether to Scotland , which differed materially from England , and differed with itself in the Highlands and Low Country , so that what would be a proper countervailing duty in one district could not be so in another . The duty of 4½d . per gallon of wash or spirits in England , amounting to 1s . 11¾d . on the gallon of spirits , might be balanced by a countervailing duty of 1s . 11¾d . on spirits from Ireland ; but the difference of manufacture in Scotland rendering a smaller duty necessary , and in the Highlands of Scotland still smaller , the duty of 1s . 11¾d . from Ireland to England would be more than a countervailing duty on spirits imported into Scotland . He did not know well how to meet the difficulty respecting Scotland , which had now so decided an advantage over Ireland , but so far from having any thing like the indisposition to attend to the concerns of the latter coun- 1178 try , with which he had been charged , he was willing to attend to every suggestion from both sides of the House , and to adopt whatever should be most agreeable to their wishes . Upon the subject of the countervailing duties , some conversation , took place , in which sir John Newport , Mr. Hutchinson , Mr. Foster , and Mr. Western , severally stated their sentiments . thought that , in order to do away the difficulties that occurred as to drawbacks , there ought to be a Bill to make every person , who claimed drawbacks , shew that he paid as much duty as the drawbacks claimed amounted to . suggested , that there should be a Bill to enable the Scotch distillers to warehouse spirits in the same way as in Ireland . The several Resolutions were agreed to , and the Report was ordered to be received on Monday .