know the meaning of this exclamation , but he could assure noble lords he spoke for the purpose of being heard . It was his decided opinion , that the mere fact of the number of prosecutions having increased , by a considerable number , in the last ten years , was not a sufficient ground for inducing them to accede to the motion of the noble lord . He must do that noble lord the justice to say , that he had , when the late act respecting Ex Officio Informations , authorising the Attorney General to hold persons against whom they may be filed to bail , was first introduced , given to it his strongest opposition . He him self unquestionably had approved of it , possibly from prejudice , and possibly from the esteem in which he held its authors . He knew well that the person who now filled the office of Attorney General , for whom he felt the most sincere respect , had been greatly misrepresented . This , however , he did 159 not lament—it was the natural and necessary consequence of the authority which he exercised , and it was also the privilege of a free people to view with distrust , and even with dislike , the necessary exercise of that authority . At the same time he must say , that a great deal of misconception prevailed in the public mind on the subject , that if well and truly understood , it would appear that no public officer holding the same trust had ever displayed a larger portion of mildness and forbearance.—It would be seen that he was the most forbearing prosecutor in the kingdom . If the cases demanding the filing of Ex Officio Informations for the last 29 years were laid before the House , they would be astonished at the forbearance of that officer . The House would see that the Attorney General not only did not , but that he dared not use that species of oppression imputed to him . His trust was of a description which it was not under the circumstances of the responsibility which he incurred , probable , if possible , that he should venture to abuse . Much had been said by the noble lord ( Holland ) of the great legal authorities that had set themselves against the general principle of Ex Officio Informations . The practice of filing these informations , be would readily admit , was always most unpopular , and , in the course of his professional pursuits , he knew many young men who were , when called to the bar , most eloquent in their condemnation of it . Somehow or other , however , he afterwards found , that when those very men were employed by government and taken into consultations , that all the odiousness of the practice vanished from before their eyes . However warmly they might have contended against these informations when engaged against the crown officers , there was , he believed , no instance of their refusing the Attorney General their assistance , whenever he invited it , in carrying on the same Ex Officio Informations . After all the statements which had been made of the rigour exercised by virtue of the late act , only one person had been held to bail , and it was in that aggravated case of an immediate re-publication of the libel , which had been already noticed . He recollected well , that when he was Attorney General , a singular mode of doing the same thing was practised . As the prosecutor of a libel , he was obliged to state the libellous matter in the record , and this record of the indictment was , in many 160 instances , itself immediately published , and the circulation of the libel thus ingeniously extended . It was impossible not to be amused at the contrivance , but it was an evil which imperiously required a remedy . With respect to the circumstance of the Morning Post , he was desirous of stating that the principle which governed