public service demanded it . In order to lay the foundation , it would be sufficient to provide , that all men hereafter entering into the British and Irish militia , shall be attested to serve in the united kingdom—to empower his majesty to receive voluntary offers from the respective regiments , of an extension of service , with a power in the crown to invite such offers , under such rules and regulations as to his majesty should seem fit . Such was the general outline of the measure , which , with the concurrence of his colleagues , had he remained in government , and with the good-will of the gentlemen of the militia , he should have been desirous of proposing to parliament . He had felt it his duty a an individual , deeply impressed with its importance , humbly to submit his ideas upon it to the committee , but without the presumption of supposing , that unaided by the intercourse of office , a plan of this nature could be properly digested . It was not his purpose to offer any preposition to parliament on the subject—such a measure could only originate with propriety , or with any prospect of success , in his majesty 's council—he had done what became him in committing it to their consideration , they alone could judge of the prudence of bringing it forward , and select the time and mode of carrying it into effect : —he felt persuaded the measure itself rested upon principles which would conciliate to it friends , and invite support ; he trusted it would , upon due reflection , recommend itself to the militia of both countries , and that they would aid the king 's government in rendering to the empire this most important service . , of Kerry , warmly supported the proposition for an interchange 222 of the services of the militia forces of the two countries , as likely to be productive of the mort important advantages to both . thought the inconvenience of transporting the militia from England to Ireland could not be greater , in most instances , than in sending them from England to Scotland . conceived it to be a most unjust and unequal burthen imposed on the counties of England , that they should thus , from year to year , be obliged to find men to supply the deficiences in the army . There were some details in the statement , too , to which he objected , though he should find other opportunities of stating his objections . Three different members of the medical board , he observed , were to be allowed to retire on salaries , who had differed greatly from each other . It was impossible they could all be right . Some of them must have been deficient in their duty , yet all were to be rewarded for their merits ; and what was still more strange , the merit of each was to be equally remunerated , without its being shewn in what respect they were entitled to remuneration . As to the reciprocity of service between the English and Irish militia , he should be glad to see the grand obstacle to this measure removed . This could only be done by adopting a step , the proposing of which had occasioned the overthrow of lord Ho-wick 's administration ; but he was happy to perceive that the idea was now so much hailed by the other side of the House The Irish militia could never consent to venture over into this country , while they would be subject to such pains and penalties , which did not attach to them in Ireland . said , they had on a former occasion volunteered their services to Jersey and Guernsey . said , that when the interchange of the militias of the two countries took place , he would call the attention of the House to the state in which the Catholic soldiers would be placed . The noble lord said , the laws against them were a dead letter , and the right