the extreme importance of the practical knowledge of practical men upon such a subject , as the one now under consideration , I have to regret that these Bills should have been pressed forward upon our attention , when such men are in their counties , engaged at their quarter sessions or on grand juries , or in the discharge of other practical duties of a similar description . For my hon . and learned friend , having selected and shaped ( in compliance with lord Coke 's suggestion , though not , as seems to me , in exact conformity to it , ) the description of the legacy , which he is willing to have appreciated by the House , before he transmits it to posterity , has un-fortunately introduced it , and put it on the table for us to look at , and handle , and weigh , when ( hose are absent , who are the best judges of its value . Last year his intended bequest was considered as likely to prove rather a burthen , than a benefit : and now , when with a kind of generous importunity he would seem to force his donation on the reluctant , I do regret that we have not the assistance of those , who might be best able to express their gratitude for the gift , if they found it valuable , or , if they found it otherwise , to defend us from any inconvenience which might arise from it . Seriously , Sir , what has happened , that has occasioned all this stir and bustle upon this subject ? Have any of these magistrates , whose absence I lament , transmitted their representations ? Has any description of magistrate whatever , subordinate or superior , moved on the occasion ? unless it has been for the purpose of anxi- 619 ously expressing his dissent to the measures proposed , and of deprecating their adoption . Would not any one imagine from all this activity and clamour , respecting the alleged severity of the British laws , that something had lately happened ? that something had met the eye , or shocked the feelings ? That something had compelled us to reconsider the policy of our system of criminal jurisprudence : That some miserable waste of human life had been observed ? Multiplied and useless executions ? Pitiable examples of youth and age led fruitlessly to death ? Increased human suffering , and no corresponding benefit ? No , nothing of all this , but the contrary . We find the country rapidly increasing in wealth and population : no sense any where either of property having become insecure from the over-whelming effects of crime , nourished by impunity , or a suggestion from any quarter , that our population is cut down , or kept back by multiplied capital punishments . Are we then to repeal laws of long standing , merely because , upon ordinary principles of legislation , severe laws are to be avoided ? The House , I am sure , will deeply feel that to repeal existing laws is very different from enacting new ones . The same arguments , the same course of reasoning , which might be sufficient to dissuade the passing of a law , are far from sufficient to induce the repeal of a law , when once enacted and interwoven with our manners . Such repeals tend to unsettle the opinions of mankind ; to disturb received ideas as to guilt . `` So then the stripping , plundering , rifling , pillaging , and gutting a house , is not so bad a thing as I thought . I thought it was a hanging matter . But the parliament gentlemen , I find , have got pleasanter notions about all this . I am very glad of it . I always thought some people had more good things than they ought to have , and that you and I had too few . Well ! to be sure I have no house to be plundered ; but then my neighbours have