, he still could not consider them as a ground for resisting the motion . As applied to economy in our expeditions , and the taking care that more expence was not incurred than was commensurate with the object to be attained , he perfectly concurred ; but whatever might have been his opinion regarding the policy of our military exertions in Portugal , no doubt now existed in his mind , that the efforts made by the people of Portugal eminently deserved at our hands the aid now asked , to relieve that distress into which they had been plunged by the barbarity of the enemy . Of that state of distress there could be no doubt ; it was confirmed by all the accounts received from Portugal , which stated the privations endured by the inhabitants to be extreme . Whatever , therefore , might have been his opinion of any part of our policy in Portugal , or even , if he believed that lord Wellington would be again compelled to retreat , still he would vote for the present motion , convinced that by affording this timely assistance to the distressed inhabitants of Portugal , we should manifest a conduct so oppositely contrasted with that of the enemy that it could not fail to make an impression in Europe highly favourable to the British character , and tend to place that contrasted conduct in the strongest point of view . In Portugal itself it could not fail eminently to raise the British character in the estimation of the people . In thus raising the estimation of the British character in Europe , by displaying its beneficence , its generosity and its humanity , as contrasted with the savage barbarity of the enemy , the most beneficial consequences must result with a view to the great contest we were maintaining against that enemy . In extending to the people of Portugal that generosity for which they might look through Europe and the world in vain , we placed our national character upon a pinnacle of greatness which nothing could destroy . It was through these acts that Europe would see the excellencies of our character , and its eminent superiority to that of the enemy . Even if our army was compelled to evacuate Portugal , and we should be unable to withstand there the progress of the enemy , still this act would be productive of the most beneficial consequences , the posterity of the inhabitants of Portugal would remember with gratitude the aid afforded to their ancestors in the hour of their distress , and would hail the British character with a corresponding admiration , For these reasons , the Address should have his hearty concurrence . moved for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the state of Parish Apprentices . Formerly the parish children , who were put out as apprentices , were bound either to masters resident in their own , or in the adjoining parishes . The overseers appeared to have forgotten , that it was their duty to stand in some measure in loco parentis , and to look to the interests of the children when they were putting them out as apprentices . The hon . member here quoted the words of the late lord Kenyon , in a case where a foreigner was indicted and found guilty of ill-treating some apprentices which had been bound to him by parishes . That noble judge reproved most severely the conduct of the overseers in that instance , and said that they had acted contrary to their duty and to the law of the land , in putting 17 children as apprentices to a man who could neither employ or feed them . Too many overseers appeared perfectly content to get rid of the burthen of the children , without caring what afterwards happened to them . In fact , it was impossible that the overseers of parishes 749 in the metropolis could exercise the superintendance which the law required , if the children were to be sent off by 200 at a time to Manchester or Yorkshire to the