at a certain fixed time ; but it would be cruel , and worse than cruel , to expect they should resume them in six months after the ratification of peace , under circumstances more embarrassing and aggravated than those in which they were permitted to withhold them . If he were in error in the sentiments he had presumed to deliver upon this subject , it was an error which he shared in common with Burleigh and Bacon , with Locke and Newton and Pitt ; for he had no difficulty in saying , that if gentlemen would look back to the debates of the year 1789 , they would find under all the gloomy apprehensions of that period , that it was admitted by that side and by Mr. Pitt , that if the symptoms which were then described , and which were now realized , should come , the apprehensions , gloomy as they were , must be acknowledged to be well founded . If he were wrong , it was in common with such great authorities . On the other hand , if the right hon . gent . were right , he was right with Mr. Law and Mr. Lowndes ; the latter of whom particularly , maintained in every part of his doctrine the principles which were now advanced by those who opposed the Committee . Again he would ask , what was the standard ? The authority he had just quoted , said , that the depressed state of the currency was owing to the scarcity , and not to the debasement of the coin . As to the injury done to creditors and existing contracts , by the debasement of coin , it was solved in the favourite way by saying , that the injury was not real , but apparent ; and after all , the right hon . gent . was obliged to conclude , that when the prosperity of the 985 country was restored , we should return as soon as possible to our old system . But it was said that the wealth of the country tended to this very system ; as if the wealth of Great Britain grew out of its currency . The proposition was too ridiculous to be maintained . The wealth of England consisted in the number of her industrious people , in the protection of good laws , and in the blessing of a free constitution . The spirit by which she was animated , was the source of her wealth ; and those who judged her by such a criterion , must pronounce her greatly and nobly rich ; but if , neglecting those advantages , they proceeded to take measure of her from the state of her currency , they must determine , at least for the present , that the balance was against her.—If his right hon . friend was of opinion , that remedy was necessary at the present moment , he was sure that remedy would be supplied ; and whatever it should be , there was so much care and attention required to further it , that he would rather agree to it , if possible , than originate a measure to which those at the head of affairs might be unfavourable . He could not suspect that his right honourable friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) would be induced by any narrow consideration to neglect what he thought was right , or to set the facilities of his own government in competition with the permanent interests of the nation . , in explanation , observed , that there was as little similarity between the doctrines which the Bank of Scotland inculcated , and those promulged by Mr. Law , of France , as could possibly be ; because where one note . had been issued in Scotland , there were one thousand in France . With respect to the market price of gold , as stated by Mr. Goldsmid to be at 4l . 10s . it was in evidence before the Committee , that , in 1809 , according to Mr. Merle