the necessity of the hon . gent . 's additional regulations . With respect to the days , he had no objection to taking Monday and Friday for the Orders 246 of the Day , and leaving Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday , for Notices . enlarged upon the increase of business , and the diminution of the periods of the session of late , and stated that if members did not chuse to attend in summer , Calls of the House ought to be resorted to . deprecated the idea of members consulting their own convenience in preference to the public interest . said , that there were inconveniences in the present practice of the House , and he was afraid of inconveniences from the present order , but , upon the whole , he was inclined to give it a trial for a session . wished to have Monday for the Notices , as from the two . days ' rest , members came fresh to the House on Monday . said , he came to exercise his undoubted right as a member of parliament , of saying or moving any thing upon the subject of Grievances , whenever the question of Supply was before the House . On that day of this present session , when a Supply was first mentioned , he had , in the exercise of this same right , complained of the intolerable grievance of passing various bills of the first importance last session , at hours of the night when few members were present , and the subject of them impossible to be discussed or known . Yesterday had produced a new Standing Order from the House , professing to remedy this evil , by giving precedence on certain days to Orders of the Day before Notices , and on other days to Notices before Orders of the Day : but the avowed principle of this new Order was convenience to members , and no advantage to the public : the grievance he had complained of was not redressed by this 247 new Order , and therefore he had voted against it—as many Bills might still be brought on at four o'clock in the morning , after fifty other orders of the day ; and therefore , where was the protection of this new Standing Order ? Under these circumstances , it became the indispensible duty of members to insist upon their right of making motions without notice , upon subjects when the interests of the country were most deeply involved , and when the right of making such motions was one of the vital principles of the constitution ; these subjects were , whenever supply was before the House—whenever that name was mentioned , any member had a right , by immemorial parliamentary law and usage , immediately to originate any motion , complaining of , or inquiring into a grievance . He then quoted , as an authority , a case in the House of Commons , in the beginning of Charles I , when on a supply being moved , lord Coke stated , amongst other grievances , `` new-invented offices with large fees '' — '' unprofitable offices , which the king might partly take away with law , with love of his people , and his own honour '' — '' multiplicity of offices in one man '' — '' voluntary pensions or immunities , which ought to be stopped till the king 's debts were paid . '' And then lord Coke moved for a committee to put down these things . This was the true way , this was the way in which all our sinecure placemen ought to be dealt with ; and if they were to be all brought forward one after another , upon these motions of supply , it would do more to get quit of this scandal , so justly odious to the country , and so naturally injurious to the characters of public men , than all the reports on these subjects put together . Taking one of the leading grievances upon this subject , namely , the