object of the measure.—Leave was given to bring in the Bill . brought up the Report of the Committee of Supply respecting the grants voted for Miscellaneous Irish Services . On the question that the Resolutions be now read , rose and said , that there was one Resolution respecting the sum granted in aid of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland , which he could not suffer to pass in the state the House then was . He trusted , therefore , that the right hon . gent . would agree to postpone the further consideration of that Resolution until a fuller attendance could enable them to give it the consideration it called for . said , that he was not aware that the hon . gentleman 's objection to the smallness of the sum would extend that night to opposing the sum itself . Delay might be attended with great inconvenience . said , that the principle of providing suitably for the education of the Catholic clergy in Ireland , the clergy of four millions , was in his mind a paramount consideration . He would not allow such a Resolution to be hurried through such a House as was then present . said , that he could not see what object the hon . gentleman could obtain by the delay he required ; there could be no doubt that inconvenience might arise from it . was against further unnecessary delay . then said , that if he could not convince gentlemen of the propriety of postponing the further consideration of a question of such delicacy and moment to what appeared to him to be a more seasonable opportunity , he must exercise his right , and now call upon the Speaker to—— here rose , and said that he had no objection to postpone the further consideration of that Resolution till tomorrow . The Resolutions were then severally read and agreed to ; the one respecting Maynooth College having been postponed till to-morrow . said , that in the Resolutions just read , they had voted a sum little short of 200,000l . for Dublin charities , improvements , and other matters of local expenditure connected with Dublin merely , exclusive of one or two charities of a more general nature , as the Foundling , Hibernian , Marine , and Protestant Charter schools ; with the exception of these , the above sum was devoted to the local purposes of Dublin , while the sum of 2,500l . was thought enough for similar objects in the city of Cork , the second city in Ireland , and , perhaps , the first naval station in the empire , to say nothing of its great and extensive commercial interests . It would be far from him to attempt to oppose in any way the liberality of parliament in aid of the charities or interests of Dublin ; but he could not help thinking , that the disproportion between the grant of 200,000l . to the one place , and 2,500l . to the other , was out of all rule , and by no means to be warranted by any corresponding difference between the respective claims of those two great cities . The government had been annually expending vast sums upon the fortress of Spike Island , near Cork , whether judiciously or not remained yet to be proved . The object of this work , was avowedly public and general , not local , not to be considered as done for Cork only , or affecting it merely . He begged leave . however , to throw out for the future consideration of ministers , the propriety of applying some portion of those large grants to the opening the communication between that fortress and the city of Cork . This , he was prepared to state , could be effected by a few thou-sand pounds—by a very small portion of the thousands wasted in obsolete Dublin proclamations—and if this communication 518 was opened , it would be not only of great and extensive public utility , but of signal local benefit to the city of Cork—a