however , produce many instances in which similar votes had been passed , immediately after the army estimates had been laid before the House . As to its amount , and the means of the country as connected with it , he must again express his decided opinion , that so long as there was a fair prospect of success , it was the policy of this country to avert the battle from its own shores . He believed that nine-tenths of the country would rather continue to sustain the burdens or privations it might impose , than abandon the struggle in the Peninsula . The noble baron had dwelt on the interests of Ireland : but how must her danger be increased , if the western coasts of Spain and Portugal should be in the possession of the enemy . So powerfully did this consideration operate on his mind , that he must conceive Ireland more , if possible , than any other part of the empire interested in the present crisis of the campaign . Should all the exertions that had been made ultimately fail , and the conflict be at length transferred to our own shores , we should still reap this important advantage from the present measures , that we should have an experienced army to depend on . When the fate of Russia and Prussia so clearly shewed that it was not to regular forces that the safety of nations could be always securely confided , if those forces were without experience , it must be gratifying and consolatory to know , that in the last extremity there would be a British army who had acquired a practical skill in the arts of war , who would be then entrusted with the defence of their native land . observed , that 462 when he recollected the sanguine hopes which had been expressed concerning the probable results of our expeditions to the Peninsula , he could not help feeling considerable disappointment . He was willing ' yet to indulge an expectation that something might be done , though it must depend on many contingencies , and particularly on the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , who were acting under a most heavy responsibility . It appeared , however , that we must no longer look for the voluntary exertions of the natives in the Peninsula , who were henceforth to be dependent on our subsidies . After several further observations , the noble earl said , that he could not entirely acquiesce in the sentiments of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) , and should therefore assent to the motion . said , that in rising to submit his motion for copies of all orders and regulations respecting the Press in India , he felt it necessary to state not only what his object was , but what his object was not . It was not his intention in that instance to find fault with any of the regulations to which his motion referred ; nor was it his intention , to suggest to the House any measure so incompatible with the nature of our government in India , as a free press . He , therefore , desired it might not be imputed to him . in this night 's debate , that his motion was intended to embrace any such object , He had , indeed , formed an opinion upon , that subject—and felt no difficulty in declaring , that if the paper he now moved for was produced , and if it should be found to contain such regulations upon the press , as he was led to believe it would exhibit , he might possibly think some future attention to this subject advisable . But his motion of this night , was not of any such nature . All he now asked for was information , that an opportunity might be afforded to himself , and the members of that House , of knowing what were the laws upon this subject , which prevailed for our fellow subjects in India , and upon what authority those laws rested—and what