the smallest rise took place in the market price of gold . On one occasion only and to meet a particular purpose a very small quantity was imported 809 from Portugal at the high price of 4l . 8s . per ounce , including the loss by exchange and the expence of freight . But , Sir , I will go farther and slate that from the 1797 , to the year 1796 inclusive , there had been no regular or sensible , nor indeed ! any alteration in the market price of gold , : as is most clearly proved by the very valuable document on your table from the mint . With respect , however , to the alleged rise in the price of gold on the continent , I am ready to admit , as I believe , that some , though small , rise has taken place there . But this rise bears no sort of proportion to the rise , the extravagant rise which has taken place in this country . In consequence of the excess of the importation of silver above gold , it has undoubtedly been found necessary to revise and regulate the mint values of the two precious metals , so as to make them correspond with the proportion they bear to earn other in the general market of Europe . From the cause I have mentioned , the increased importation of silver , therefore , gold has accordingly risen somewhat in value as compared with silver , in those states where silver is the measure of value ; and silver has sunk somewhat in value as compared with gold in those states , where gold is the measure of value At Paris a new mint has been established , by the regulation of which such an alteration in the relative values of gold and silver has been effected , as makes the proportion of their mint prices correspond with their proportions of price in the market . By an account which I have lately received of the prices current in that city , I find that on the 16th of April English pure gold was worth only 3l . 19s . 6d . per ounce there . The prices at Hamburgh nearly correspond , at Amsterdam the English guinea sells for 12 guilders and a fraction , whereas a 1l . note passes for little more than seven guilders . But it is not the gold alone that has undergone this extraordinary rise in the market . Silver also has risen considerably in price , and as this is not to be attributed to any diminution of the amount of supply , it can be traced to no other source than to the depreciated state of our circulating medium , instead of any diminution in the supply of silver , our importations of that precious metal have greatly increased . From the situation of the continent , and the circumstances of the contest in Spain , and the consequent influence 810 of such a state of things upon the Spanish colonies , Great Britain has become the channel through which the supply of silver is distributed to all the countries of . Europe . Add to all this the fact , now too well known to be controverted , that the great drain of silver to supply the East Indies has been stopped , and I will ask the Committee whether the rise in the price of silver is to be ascribed to the scarcity of that article in the English , market.—I will ask any hon . member who heard me whether it can fairly be attributed to any other cause than the depreciation of our circulating medium ? But it is not alone , from the extraordinary rise in the market prices of the precious metals in this country ; a rise not to be accounted for on the ground of any correspondent rise in the markets of Europe , that the depreciation of our currency is demonstrable . The equally extraordinary rise in the prices of the necessaries of life , not as compared with the precious metals