country bankers reminded him of a story in Gil Blas.—When the band of robbers in the forest were , by way of amusement , relating each his birth , education , and adventures , one of them observed that he was the son of the nurse of the prince of Asturias , and that he had had the honour when a child to be brought up with the prince , but , added he , `` it unfortunately happened that whenever the prince committed a fault , I 1158 was whipped for it . '' Such was exactly the case of the country bankers . They suffered the reprobation which was exclusively the due of the Bank of England system . The country Banks grew out of the Bank of England system , and rose with it ; but now that a depreciation had been produced by the excessive issue of the paper of the former , gentlemen were disposed to shew a courtly , tenderness for that institution , however ready to visit its faults upon the heads of the innocent country bankers . Whatever differences of opinion might prevail upon other parts of the case , it was to him astonishing that any doubt could possibly be entertained of the fact of a considerable depreciation , when guineas were sold at twenty five shillings each—when , in the purchase of any article , a material distinction was made between a payment in gold and a payment in paper , and when it was perfectly known and notorious that two prices were common throughout the country . He could say from his own experience that such was the case . He could assure the Committee , that he had been offered wine at far different prices , according as he should pay for it , either in specie or in depreciated Bank paper . The question at issue , then , was reducible to this : on one side it was contended that Bank paper was depreciated , and this position was proved by the high price of bullion and the low rate of exchange ; on the other hand it was denied that any depreciation had taken place , and in support of this assertion , it was urged that the price of bullion was enhanced by the scarcity of the article , and that the depression of the exchange arose from the state of our trade , and would be removed whenever commerce should be restored to its wonted activity and prosperous condition . If this were the case , he was very much disposed to question the probability of any speedy improvement of the state of the exchange , as he could not foresee any prospect of the restoration of commerce to its former state . He agreed with the eloquent and able mover of the Resolutions in the principles detailed in his speech , but he was far from being satisfied on the subject of the remedy proposed . He feared that the system must be permitted to take its course.—The inscription on the gate of Dante 's Hell might very appropriately be applied to it— '' You who enter here , leave 1159 all hope of returning behind . '' He saw no reason , to believe that the Bank would ever be able to recover itself . Reverting however to the state of the exchange , he must mention an instance in point from Dr. Adam Smith , a wild theorist—not a practical man , and therefore his authority might be of great consequence with those who paid no regard to principles . This instance had been stated in the Bullion Report , and referred to the Land Bunk of Scotland , instituted upon Mr. Law 's principle . Many millions of landed property were pledged for its security . When pressed with a hard run , its notes contained an optional clause , to pay immediately , or at the end of six months , with legal interest . Yet while the exchange between London and Carlisle was at par , that between London and Dumfries , the latter not more than