his defence , he was taken to be sane when he demanded all these privileges in open court , and he called upon the court to assign him ( Lord Erskine ) to plead for him , who had no privilege to refuse it . Such examples , instead of weakening government , was a bulwark to support it . Now , why should not persons , accused by the Attorney General , by Ex Officio Information , have analogous protections . They have the same antagonist to fight with , and why not the same armour to cover them ? Ail the power and influence of government are exerted equally against them , and the cases are precisely the same , except that the crown does not fight with weapons that are mortal ; but the wounds they inflict may be desperate . But they not only have not analogous protection , but they are exposed to greater dangers than in eases of ordinary crimes , by the abuse of special juries . He did not mean to complain of the institution , but to want of proper regulation . He had long had the greatest respect for many gentlemen who served upon them , but the most honest men were not equally tit for all ' trusts . They were often deeply connected with government , engaged in the collection of the revenue , and magistrates in every county in the kingdom . The list was not returned by the Sheriff , but was made up by the Master in the office of the King 's Bench . He did not believe that an honester man existed than the individual who held that office , but that was no answer to the subject who was cut off from his choice out of the general mass of the county where he is tried . He thought therefore that it would not only be just , but the wisest policy , to take the whole subject into immediate consideration . The administration of justice , to be useful , must be popular ; and it never became unpopular but through abuse . He had always stood up for the character and honour of the law as the sure foundation of all social order and happiness , but for that very reason he would always give his voice , by salutary improvements , to rescue it from suspicion and to deliver it from reproach . observed , that he could say with his noble friend that he also felt grateful for the honours with which a gracious master had rewarded his humble services ; and that humble as his efforts might have been , those who were to inherit those honours from him would know that he had done his duty . As to the distinctions which had been drawn between the proceedings in the case of treason and libel , it should be remembered that in the former the accusation rests upon general principles—in the latter upon an alledged specific fact . He believed that no Attorney General had prosecuted more libels than it had fallen to his lot to prosecute when he held that office . He acted on a conviction at that time , certainly , that the publication of libel was one of the most formidable weapons then wielded against the constitution ; and that it was an engine which was directed to the subversion of the government of the country . It was grateful to him to reflect that he had , by his conduct then , done his part towards its preservation . As to what had been introduced on the subject of special juries , he could not perceive how that was at all connected with the object of the noble baron 's motion ; but he would remind the House , that if any alteration was attempted in the present mode of regulating special juries , the same principle would equally apply to some change in the system of summoning common juries , who were all returned at the discretion of the Sheriff . ( Hear , hear ! ) He did not