the year 1695 , a lieutenant colonel 's pay was 17s . at present it was 17s . but liable to a deduction on account of the income tax , which reduced it to 15s . 9d . The pay of a major was then 15s.—now it was 16s . ; but after deduction of the Income Tax , amounted only to 14s . 9d . A captain 's was then 9s . and after deduction of the Income Tax , amounted to the same sum at this moment . Officer '' had then , too , certain perquisites . Each captain had the paying of his own company , and derived an emolument from non-effectives , to a greater amount than the House might be inclined to believe , namely to between 40 and 50l . each . By Mr. Burke 's Bill , each captain was allowed , in place of the stock-purse , 20l . a year . This was taking the company at the low establishment of 40 men ; but if it could have been supposed that the company might amount , as it now did , on an average to 80 men , could it be supposed that the framer of that Bill would have objected to making the allowance 40l . and so in proportion ? And , if this was so , could it be alleged that what was then given in lieu of the stock purse was an adequate compensation ? A bill had lately passed that House , allowing to officers in the customs compensation for the abolition of certain fees , in proportion to the amount thereof ; and if this was the case with the fees or emoluments derived by officers of the customs , was it too much to desire that a similar line of conduct should be pursued with regard to officers in the army ? This he submitted to the House as a fact , that instead of any increase having been made to the pay or even to the allowances of officers in the army from the very earliest periods , 702 the allowances to which they were entitled in the year 1695 were infinitely more considerable than they now were in the year 1811 . If this was so , and he was sure it was , he asked of the House whether they would not on this account be the more inclined to pay attention to their other claims ? He might be told that the pay of captains in the army was increased in the year 1806 ; but what was it ? They received an increase of 1s . 0½d . but the 1s . was immediately afterwards taken from them , and the ½d . alone remained . He did not mean to exempt the officers in the army from the Income Tax : that was a measure which might seem to admit of dispute . The fact which he wished to impress on the House , was this , that they had less now than they had 150 years ago . Captains were originally allowed contingent men for the repair of arms , which was changed into 25 days ? pay for three men , and he now called on the House to consider if 6d . per day was no more than sufficient for defraying this expence 150 years ago , whether it might not be supposed to have increased in the same ratio with the pay of the soldiers , and of course , at this moment to have doubled its original amount ? It might be objected to him , that the army for whom he now volunteered as the advocate , had made no remonstrances , had put in no claim upon the subject ; to this he should answer , that if the army had put in any such remonstrance , or had forwarded any such complaint , he would have been the first man in that House to resist , in the most strenuous manner , any such claim , because he thought it hostile to every principle of the constitution that