to , because he was persuaded that the reformation of the Sicilian government would render the defence of the island much more easy , and would enable the British troops to accomplish that to which under the present circumstances , double their number would scarcely be adequate . He was aware that some small inconvenience might result from the public statement of these circumstances in Parliament , but there were cases in which , it became necessary to balance inconveniences : and in his opinion , the inconvenience of re- 785 maining silent on this subject would have been incomparably greater than the inconvenience of speaking out upon it . although he allowed that if we were in Sicily , merely as subordinate allies , we should have no right to interpose with the government , yet thought , that since we had assumed the defence of that island , as principals , we ought to endeavour , to produce the wished for reform . However unpopular the sentiment might be , he roust declare , that the moment of success was that in which we ought to treat with an enemy . It was , in his opinion , imperative on government to see whether the enemy would not surrender the great obstacle to negociation , by leaving Spain independent . He was not one of those who would wish to lay the country at the foot of France , and crave peace on any terms ; but he would say to her , `` Give up that object , the subjugation of Spain , and we are ready to treat with wished to know whether there was any likelihood that this would be soon completed , or whether it was intended that this vote should be continued annually . This project was take up in the first instance for the purpose of affording employment to the Highlanders who for want of employment were emigrating to other countries ; but he was informed , that in point of fact , the greater number of the labourers now employed , were from Shropshire . believed that he could answer the question of the hon . and learned gentleman . Though he bad himself no concern with the original projection of this work , he had no difficulty in saying , that from all the attention he had paid to the subject , and all the information he had received 787 respecting it , he was led to entertain a favourable opinion of its utility . With respect to the progress which had been made in the execution of the work , he had to observe that it was reported to be half-finished in 1809 , and consequently must be more than half finished at present . The grant proposed this year was 10,000l . less than last year , which arose from the progress made in the work rendering a smaller expenditure necessary . The average number of persons employed was 7,000 , but within the last six months that number had been reduced , lest the employment of so many labourers , on such an undertaking , should have the effect of raising the price of labour in the neighbourhood . An occurrence however had taken place within the last six weeks Which it might be desirable to state to the Committee , and it was this—that owing to the pressure of the times great numbers had been thrown wholly out of employment on the north-western parts of Scotland , of whom about 500 persons , who would otherwise have been destitute , obtained employment on this canal . He felt it due to the engineers to state that hitherto no unforeseen difficulties had occurred in the execution of the work . Any gentlemen who wished for information on this subject , would find in the fourth Report respecting it , a body of documents containing the opinions of the merchants of Liverpool and other mercantile persons as to the utility of the canal for commercial purposes , independent of the public advantage of facilitating the passage of frigates from the eastern to the western coast of Scotland .