Portuguese militia amounted to 40,000 men . When they looked then to the aggregate of this force , the Committee would perceive that the whole of the burthen was not borne by this country . By the measure adopted last session this country had undoubtedly taken a share of the burthen upon itself , but then the statement he had just made must satisfy them , that so far from leaving nothing to Portugal to do , so far from her doing nothing , her exertions had been strenuous , and the assistance she received 390 had not induced her to relax any portion of her own efforts . The Committee must be fully aware of the manner in which the war was waged in Portugal . They must be sensible how much the means of exertion must be crippled by the occupation of a considerable portion of the country by the French army , which , by marching from place to place , must necessarily have intercepted its resources and revenues ; and that it was not to be expected that Portugal , so circumstanced , could be able to make the same efforts in the common cause as if no part of her territory was in the possession of an enemy , nor any portion of her means diverted from her disposal to the support of that enemy . If the Committee should be of opinion , that the exertions already made had proved beneficial to the cause , and were desirable to be continued , it would naturally follow , that they must feel the propriety of assisting Portugal largely . This was the view of the case which induced him to think , that those who had differed from him as to the former grant , would concur in the present proposition ; and that they would agree , not only to a vote of a sum to the same extent as that granted last session , but that the sum to be voted in the present session should , instead of one , be two millions . After the short view which he had thus taken of the manner in which the campaign in its progress had realised all the expectations and hopes entertained : last session , he was convinced that no doubt could be felt as to one point at least , the propriety of still keeping alive in Portugal that feeling and that exertion , which alone could afford any fair and rational prospect of final success to her cause . Different views , he would admit , had been , and might still be entertained as to the manner in in which the efforts of this country , in support of the Portuguese , should have been directed : yet , however different the opinions might be as to the propriety of the course that ought to have been originally adopted , as we were at present so far advanced in a particular plan of operations , it must be allowed , that nothing could be so weak , so unwise , or impolitic , as to abandon that plan at present for the adoption of any other , which , though it might have been originally better , could now be resorted to but under circumstances of great danger and disadvantage . He was sure , therefore , that , whatever may be thought of the merits of the plan of opera- 391 tions now in progress , no hon . member would recommend to them to retread their steps , and make any alteration in the system hitherto acted upon . He was sure , on the contrary , that it would be felt , that they hid been right in their selection of the spot on which to raise the standard against the enemy : a spot upon which we could be best enabled to carry our own operations to the greatest extent with every advantage ; and which was at the same time in a peculiar degree inconvenient to the enemy . With all their opinions therefore confirmed by the event , and every expectation derived from