had been begun with the Jacobin club at Paris , and that those who conducted it intended to hold a National Convention in the course of the following summer.—In order more fully to shew the object of the Convention Act , he then read the following passage from the speech of the Attorney-General , in the Irish House of Commons— '' He dented that the Bill had any retrospect , particularly to the Catholic Convention ; it originated merely from a professed design to call a Convention to represent and over-turn the parliament He alluded to the Society of United Irishmen . He mentioned the late meeting at Dungannon as a consequence of the irritations of this society , and preparatory only to a general meeting at Athlone . '' It was evident , therefore , that the Convention Act had no other object but to meet the case of a conspiracy to subvert the government . But what is the case of the Catholics against whom this act is now ' made to operate . It appears that in 1804 , the year in which they first determined to petition parliament after the passing of the union , they appointed a Committee to manage their petition . That in 1806 , 31 when they again determined on petitioning , they again appointed a Committee . That in May , 1809 , they appointed that Committee , which is now called by the Irish government an unlawful assembly . By the resolution of this date , it appears that the whole of the Catholic peerage was to be of this Committee ; also the surviving delegates of 1793 , and certain persons that were selected in 1807 , to address the duke of Bedford when leaving his government . It was necessary that the House should know who the delegates of 1793 were . These were certain pet-sons who were appointed by a body , regularly and openly elected to represent the whole Catholic community in Dublin , to present an address to the King , complaining of their grievances , and praying redress . Did his Majesty , or Mr. Pitt , who was then prime minister , consider this Catholic convention , from whence the Address came , as an unlawful assembly ? No . The prayer of it was granted , and lord Westmoreland , then lord lieutenant , was directed to make that speech from the throne , which led to the act of 1793 , making to the Catholics many valuable concessions . In November last a general meeting of the Catholics was held , at which it was decided , to present a petition during the present session . This Catholic Committee was again called upon to manage the petition . They had made considerable progress in the discharge of their trust , when the state of the King 's health , and the measures consequent upon it , having established a general expectation of a change in the administration , the Committee conceived it was proper for them to refer for advice , under the new circumstances of their case , to the body at large , and they ordered the Letter of Mr. Hay to be written . This then being the state of the case of the Catholics , could the right hon . gentleman opposite maintain that there was any thing in it which was analogous to the case of the United Irishmen in 1793 ? Could they say that the Catholics were embarked in any conspiracy against the state ? Were they even concerned in the disturbances that now prevailed in Ireland ? Even this the right hon . gentleman could not sustain—for it appeared by the trials before the special commission , and by the speech of the solicitor general of Ireland , that these disturbances were confined to the lowest order of the people , acting without leaders or organization . It was not sufficient to 32 justify the conduct of the . Irish government , merely to shew , that the letter of the law was with them . The spirit and the object of it