on specie . When invasion was expected in this country , the conductors of the trade were not able to pay their poor manufacturers ; and the House might rest assured , that the trade of the country could never be carried on to its present extent , if they were to depend on specie alone . Trade had of late years increased 345 to threefold what it was , and the circulating medium , if inquiry was made into the subject , would be found not to have exceeded its due proportion . He begged pardon of the House for having troubled them with these observations , but he felt it impossible to permit the question to pass without expressing his gratitude for the intended relief , not that it would affect him or his family in the slightest degree , but because he could not suppress a fellow feeling for those who , though now so differently situated , had once assisted him in raising his fortune . expressed a hope that both questions would undergo a strict discussion at some future period . With respect to the first , the cause from which the misfortune arose , it was undoubtedly influenced in a material degree by the political measures ; but the great and immediate cause of the evil was the want of a market As long as a single port was open to us , that purpose was answered , but they were all closed at present , and here was the foundation of the pressure which the Committee were now called upon to remedy . With regard to the speculations themselves , they were perhaps rightly described by a right hon . gent. , who said that they proceeded from that sort of greediness which sought to exclude all others from the same advantage . But there was one consequence of the present system which they would do well to look to ; if America could not trade with us , she must proceed to manufacture for herself ( a thing if possible to be avoided ) , so that in this point of view the political question was in reality involved in a very great degree . The question to consider was , whether a temporary provision should be made in the present instance ? a proposition to which he was inclined to give his assent , as he thought it but proper , that whatever arrangements ministers might have made with the merchants should be carried into effect . The expedient , however , did not appear to him likely to give what the merchants wanted ; what they wanted was a market . He warned the House against expecting that the money would be returned in any thing like the period understood . His next great objection was that which arose out of the Bank restriction . Paper , it was known , was already over-abundant , and the operation of this measure would increase the quantity . As a general measure , there fore , it was liable to great objections . 346 They should beware lest , in attempting to relieve the manufacturers , they should only give encouragement to speculators and adventurers . He should not go more generally into the political question at present , as he felt it to be of sufficient importance to be discussed by itself . He agreed with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , that the cause which was stated was not the true one , but thought that the board of trade , notwithstanding every disposition to discharge its duties in the best manner , contributed greatly to increase the difficulties and disadvantages of the merchant . Merchants were in the habit of attending on it , to see what particular measures and regulations may be in the contemplation of government , and thus the sound and solid principle of leaving commerce entirely to itself was altogether abandoned . thought the inconvenience of the measure so far outweighed its advantages , that if his right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had determined to take the