50 country go home , in place of spending their money here ; let them regulate their own tenantry and their estates , and not hear of them only through those secondary persons whom they employ . [ Hear , hear ! ] That will do more to conciliate Ireland than all the measures there is so much work made about . As to the duke of Richmond , I know him , and he is a brave , generous , noble-minded man ; and such a man will never descend to oppress those below him . I believe he has tried lenient measures , but they failed ; and he was compelled to try severity . I will now vote against the motion . I will wait and not give an intemperate opinion , such as ought not to be given in parliament . said , he should think himself unworthy of a seat in that House , if he allowed a circumstance alluded to by the hon . gent . who spoke last , to pass unnoticed ; but in remarking upon it , he would preserve that good humour for which the hon . gent . himself was generally distinguished . He had been most unhappy in his allusion to the transactions of 30 years ago . He was even inaccurate as to the time , for it was not 30 years since the circumstances which he had so imperfectly described took place . The fact was , that the Irish , ill treated as they had been by Great Britain , asked for arms , and used them in your defence . That gallant nation , having an account still to settle with you , generously lent its aid when it found you in difficulty . Such was their conduct then ; and had they since done nothing for you ? Wherever your thunder has rolled—east , west , south , or north—have they been absent ? Let that gallant people only stand neuter , and he would ask , where was the power and glory of Great Britain ? Let them only remain neuter , and the strength and glory of Britain was at an end . The most glorious of your late triumphs have been not a little owing to the exertions of the gallant people whom the hon . gent . had this night traduced . He wished to say this with good temper , as far as respected the hon . gent. , but at the same time with indignation , at finding within the walls of that House so much ignorance of the capabilities of Ireland , either for aggression or defence ; and he was sorry to say that the hon . gent . was not the only one to whom this ignorance extended . With regard to the question more immediately under consideration , he was anxious to know whether this act of the 51 Irish government had the sanction of the executive authority here ; for if it should go abroad that this proceeding had been approved by the Regent , and his government here [ No ! No ! ] , he understood the right hon . gent . to have said , that he considered this as an act of great prudence on the part of the Irish government , and that it was approved by the government here . He wished then to know , whether the Regent had instructed his ministers ? [ A cry of , Order , Order . ] Mr. H. then proceeded to correct the statement of the right hon . gent . opposite , as to the purposes for which the Convention Act of 1793 had been framed . The design then was to put down an armed association of united Irishmen acting against the government , and having for its object the complete overthrow of parliament . It had been stated by the administration of that day , that the society in question held communications with France , and that its design was to overturn the government . The Act was brought in upon the spur of the