, '' which may serve to illustrate the probable course of its operations , it left exclusively to its own guidance . The artisan who on the Thursday night had exchanged a one-pound note with his neighbour for four dollars , found in the morning that he had , insensibly to himself , become two shillings richer by the exchange.—I am not , here , about to inquire whether the Bank were right or wrong in raising the denomination of the dollar ; I refer to this operation merely as an illustration of the argument : and I ask , Where would be the end of such operations if every individual 's `` sense of value '' were to be his only guide in his dealings with his neighbours ? In this instance the authority of the Bank sanctioned and limited the degree of the rise in the current value of the dollar or , to put the same thing in other words , the degree of the loss which the Bank-note should sustain in exchange against the dollar.—But is it to be imagined that , if they had merely sanctioned the principle of such alteration , without limiting the degree , two shillings in the pound , or ten per cent . is the precise amount of the rise on the one hand , or of the depreciation on the other , which all the holders of Bank notes , and of dollars respectively , would have agreed to fix by common `` sense of value ? '' Is not such a supposition utterly absurd ? Is it not clear that something wholly extrinsic to that capricious `` sense , '' is necessary to regulate the ordinary dealings between man and man ; and that the course of those dealings could not be left without a guide , but at the hazard , or the certainty rather , of immediate and inextricable confusion ? If , however , we were persuaded to leave the proportions and prices of all commodities to be adjusted by this `` sense of value , '' we ought at least to be consistent in our theory and practice.—This `` sense of value , '' which is now proposed to be erected , into an universal measure , has been occasionally adopted as such by individuals . There is a man now expecting the judgment of the law , whose `` sense of value '' led him to exchange for guineas a proportion of Bank of England paper , which he considered as no more than an equivalent . Of what crime was this man guilty , but of obeying that natural and instinctive impulse , which the noble Lord is now prepared to set up as a substitute for the standard of our money ? If there be nothing more fixed and stable than indivi- 1089 dual feeling , to which the estimate of values can be referred , let us at least refrain from punishing the exercise of that individual feeling . If the law shall decline to fix a standard measure , it can not reserve the right of visiting erroneous measurement as a crime . This would be an injustice like that of the Eastern Monarch who called upon the Soothsayers to interpret his dream , but refused to tell them the dream of which he required the interpretation . No dream , it must be owned , could be more extravagant than the visions of those practical men who have undertaken to refine away the standard of the currency of the realm into a pure abstraction . There is indeed something perfectly ludicrous in the inconsistency and injustice with which they impute a love of abstraction to their opponents , while they are themselves indulging in the most wanton departures from substance and reality . `` Beware of abstract theories , '' say they to the Bullion Committee , when they find fact and law-laid down as the foundation of its Report.— '' Beware of abstract theories , '' say they to the honourable and learned chairman of the Committee , when they find in his first seven Resolutions nothing