, of which M. Dupont de Nemours was the secretary , was subsequently appointed to inquire into the causes and effects of this stoppage of the Bank of Paris ; and it was from the French Report published by this gentleman that he collected the facts which he had stated . The report proceeded to suggest the means of preventing the recurrence 909 of a similar evil , and it advised three things : first , that the government should never solicit any loans from the Bank , on the ground that such an application amounted to a demand , and might lead to issues inconsistent with the true nature of a banking establishment . It was unnecessary to observe , how unlike our circumstances , in this respect , were to those of France . Our Bank directors had sufficiently shewn , in 1796 , their complete independence of the government ; for they then peremptorily refused to afford to Mr. Pitt even the continuance of the existing advances . The second suggestion of the commission was , that the Bank of France should lend only on securities coming due within two months ; and this , as well indeed as the other , was for the purpose of enforcing the third and principal admonition , —namely , that the Bank should always `` draw in its discount as soon as it perceived the existence of a more than ordinary disposition to exchange bank paper for money * . '' `` For what , '' added the Report , `` mean these applications for money ? They imply that there are more Bank notes on the spot than the circumstances of the time demand . And how are you to provide against this evil ? By diminishing their quantity , through a reduction which shall exceed the new emissions† . '' It is then added , that if the directors of the Bank will but be attentive to the first signs of superabundance , if they will moderate the evil in the first instance , they will almost always retain the mastery ; and thus the horseman ( it is said ) will not be thrown out of his saddle . Many of the principles urged by the Bullion Committee , would be found to be remarkably confirmed by this report . It appeared by it , that the French over-issue arose from an attempt to turn certain securities into cash , at a rate of interest lower than that which was the natural one at the moment . The report dwelt much on the error committed in this respect . * `` Reserrer pescompté , aussitôt que l'on s'appercoit qu'il se presente a la Caisse plus de billets à réaliser en argent que de coutume . '' † '' Qu'estàdire que ces demandes d'argent ? Qu'il y a sur la place plus de billets que les affaires du moment n'en exigent . Et comment y pourvoir ? En diminuant leur quantité par un retrait plus fort que l'emission nouvelle . '' 910 The anticipations , it said , ought to have been sold , though at a losing and discreditable price , at whatever might have been the rate in the market . Again , the report stated that the limitation of the French bank paper did not produce an instantaneous , or exactly corresponding effect ; but yet that after three months it issued in the expected consequences . All this was in exact conformity with the doctrines of the Bullion Committee . They had never said that every small fluctuation of Bank of England paper would be attended by either an immediate , or an exactly proportionate , influence on the exchanges , or on the price of gold . They had only affirmed that the unquestionable tendency of limitation was to improve exchanges ; and had recommended that the Bank should feel its way . The discount of 10 per cent . on the French paper was not completely removed till the amount was reduced from 90 to 54 millions of livres ; a scale of reduction unquestionably greater by far than would be found