the right hon . gent . opposite also contended , that although there was a great foreign expenditure , yet the excess of exports was so considerable , as to leave the balance very much in our favour . Now , Sir , how is this reconcilable with the present argument . But , even if these two statements could be reconciled , I contend that they would not shew the true cause of the present state of the currency of the country . It has ever been the opinion of the best practical as well as theoretical men , that the legitimate depression of the real exchange must necessarily be limited by the expence of the transmission of specie ; and that where it is found that the depression exceeds that limit , such depression must inevitably arise from some circumstance connected with the currency of the country . There are two changes of value , of which the domestic currency of any country is susceptible : the debasement , to which metallic currency alone is subject ; and excess , which more particularly belongs to paper . The returns from the Mint , which are inserted in the Bullion Report , afford satisfactory and full information on this point . It will there be found that from 1758 to 1773 , during the debasement of the coin of the country , a depreciation of the circulating medium took place . As to an excess of metallic currency , that can take place only in countries possessing mines ; and even there Only to a small extent , and for a short period . Thus it will be found , that in Spain silver , and in Portugal gold , are generally a little lower after the importation from the mines , until the superabundance is 814 transmitted to other , countries . The evil in such cases remedies itself . But in countries in which paper is not convertible into specie , excess admits of no remedy ; and if the excess be without limit , equally indefinite must be the effect it will produce on foreign exchanges . The doctrine of exchanges , is now as clear and indisputable , in my opinion , as any question in mixed mathematics ; and the only means that exist of repelling its deductions is the production of mutilated facts , and imperfect statements , with the quotations of parts of cases , the remainder being either unknown or studiously concealed . This practice has been pretty generally adopted out of doors ; but at least it is incumbent upon those who set up their new cases to account for those brought forward on the other side . But though I conceive the principles of foreign exchanges to be perfectly known and settled , yet it is very possible that some cases may be stated which would puzzle those who are quite right in their general reasoning . If those cases , however , are examined which appear to militate against the natural deductions of reasoning from established principles , it will be generally found , that in such cases even as are stated so confidently , some material parts are almost always suppressed . Thus , for example , one may be deceived by statements about the rale of exchange , unless the state of the currency of the different countries is mentioned . For example , it was stated last year , that the exchange with Portugal was at par . The reason of it , however , was , that by law in Portugal one half of every debt or bill is paid in paper which is depreciated 26 per cent . There fore , that which was last year stated as an exchange at par was , in reality , an exchange of 13 per cent . against us . So with Sweden , the state of our exchange is also wholly attributable to the discount on the paper currency of that country . In all countries , indeed , with which we have any thing like a settled course of exchange , the same alteration