compromise . His conclusion would , to my mind , even flow more logically from the premises laid down in the Resolutions of the hon . and learned gentleman . I certainly can not subscribe to it as flowing from his own . I am ready to do as he would have me do , if he will allow me to record the reasons of my concurrence : but it is a concurrence which , I feel , requires explanation and apology ; it is a concurrence which , if I do not altogether withhold it , I certainly can not give , except on the condition , that I shall be at liberty to prove at the same time , that it is given not in consequence of the right hon . gentleman 's reasons , but in spite of them.—That our currency is in such a state that the Bank can not safely open , I agree : but it is hard to insist that I should find every thing right in that slate of things which forces me to come to such an agreement . My right hon . friend , who spoke last , has with great dexterity as well as eloquence endeavoured to divert our attention from the specific object of this night 's deliberation , by directing it to those circumstances in the present situation of affairs , at home and abroad , upon which there is scarcely any difference of feeling or opinion . The inordinate ambition and gigantic power of the enemy—the warfare directed by him against our trade and our manufactures ; these are topics upon which my right hon . friend has expatiated with a force of statement , and a warmth of language , which do full justice to his argument ; and has appealed to us—whether we will wantonly aggravate difficulties already so complicated and so overwhelming ? He has availed himself with equal skill of another argument , which he well knows would operate upon my mind with no less force than upon his own , and which , if I could indeed be convinced that it was legitimately applied to the question in the way in which he applies it , would lead me , I will not say to concur in his conclusions , but at least to hesitate in rejecting them . He refers to the recent triumphs of our arms ; he places before our eyes the prospect of successes still more splendid ; he describes the safety of 1083 this country as involved in the war in the Peninsula ; and he asks us—how that war is to be maintained ? how we are to find the means of keeping on foot that army which has already performed such brilliant achievements , and of seconding the exertions of a commander who has carried the British name to the highest point of military glory ? Shall such a contest—a contest for all that is interesting to this country and to Europe—be abandoned ? shall lord Wellington be checked in his career ? shall Portugal have been liberated only to be again given up to slavery ? —shall the hopes of Spain have been revived only to be finally dashed and extinguished ? God forbid ! My right hon . friend well knows that in calling upon me duly to weigh these considerations , he interposes the surest impediment to any rash decision on my part , by which interests so dear to this country could by possibility be brought into hazard.—He knows that I must put a violence upon myself before I can coolly calculate the real bearing of topics which come home so forcibly to my feelings ; before I can dissipate the illusion which they throw round the matter in debate , and examine dispassionately the degree in which they really apply to it . But I will not pay my right hon . friend so ill a compliment as to suppose that he is not himself perfectly aware , that in thus shaping his argument he has in fact either assumed or omitted the question that is in dispute.—The question