figuratively said , and truly I believe , that the blind , the halt and the lame , have been enlisted by the right hon . gent . in his service ; but it appears , that his choice took in the dumb also . His right hon . colleagues were dumb , from the old reason that they could say nothing upon any subject , and the right hon . ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) can be dumb , only because it is a subject upon which nothing can be said : for surely , if any thing could be said , that right hon . gent . 87 could do it . '' Mr. Whitbread concluded with putting it to the House , that if the King should shortly recover and again unfortunately relapse , where were the provisions for the integrity of the executive power , if the conduct of the ministers in 1804 was to be sanctioned ? But if that conduct was thought unworthy of that sanction ; if it was not to be excused ; he called upon the House to say how they could , consistently with their duty to their country , negative his proposition . The House then divided—Ayes 81 , Noes 198 . Majority against the motion 117. rose , pursuant to notice , for the purpose of calling the attention of the House to the case of corporal Curtis , of the Oxfordshire militia . Before he entered into the merits of the case of this poor man , he wished to slate , that he had never seen him , nor had any communication whatever with him . The officers composing the general court-martial were wholly unknown to him , with the exception of the president , whom he knew merely by name . At the same time , he must do justice to the character of the colonel of the Oxfordshire militia ( colonel Gore Langton . ) No man stood higher , both in a public and private point of view . He was therefore bound to state , when he mentioned the name of the hon . member as implicated in the complaint , that he must have been grossly deceived with respect to the conduct of corporal Curtis . This poor man was ill in the Isle of Wight , and wishing to see him upon the subject of his complaint , he ( Mr. Wardle ) had gone down to Portsmouth , but the wind blew so hard that he could not cross over to the Island . Being obliged to return to town the next day , he left a friend there whom he desired to wait upon general Taylor , and inform him , that he came at the desire of Mr. Wardle to speak to Robert Curtis . He saw the general , who peremptorily refused to let him have access to Curtis , unless he had brought with him the authority of the Commander in Chief ; and the general added , that if even he ( Mr. Wardle ) , had requested to see him , he should have given him a refusal . In this state of things he had applied to the Commander in Chief , and se- 88 veral letters passed on the occasion ; the result was , that he found there was no chance of seeing Curtis , unless he chose to give up the facts he had obtained respecting the proceedings . Having reasons for wishing to conceal those facts , which reasons he would now state to the House , he abstained from disclosing them to the Commander in Chief . As a member of parliament he conceived that he had a right to visit Curtis without assigning his motives . However , be that as it might , the reasons which induced him to decline stating the facts to the Commander in Chief , were , that two of the witnesses had been forced out of the country . The refusal of general Taylor placed Curtis in a worse situation than a condemned felon , for the latter