the measure realised , he could not bring himself to suppose , that the Committee would not think it right to follow up the plan of operations hitherto so successfully acted upon . But , here he must beg leave to advert to certain uncandid allusions , which it was the practice of the gentlemen on the opposite side to make to the failure of the expectations supposed to have been entertained by himself and his colleagues on the probable issue of the campaign . It was not fair , he must contend , in hon . gentlemen to state , that either his Majesty 's ministers , or those who concurred with them , had ever held out the prospect , that in a short period the French would be driven from the Peninsula ; that a victory was considered as certain , or even an ultimate triumph confidently anticipated . Without presuming to throw out such confident views of the issue of the contest , all he had ever asserted on this head was , what he was still ready to repeat , that he entertained a confident expectation that we should be able successfully to defend Portugal against any probable amount of force which the French might be able to employ or bring to bear against that kingdom . It was upon this impression , that the actual scene of operations had been chosen ; and it was in the full persuasion of the justice of this expectation , that it was deemed wise to continue the operations there . All that had happened too justified the course which had been adopted ; and whilst that was the case , it was impossible for those who thought so with him to alter the opinions which thus had been formed upon the subject . He besought the Committee then to look to every part of the subject—to look to the progress of the campaign , and to the exertions which had been made in the course of it by Portugal ; and he would then ask , whether the result had not completely justified all the opinions 392 which in the last session he had advanced ? Every public dispatch , as well as every private communication from the army , concurred in representing the Portuguese troops disciplined by British officers as worthy of the instructions they received , and of the example that was set to them . If it were necessary for him to resort to any authorities to establish this character of the Portuguese troops , he need only to remind the Committee , of the observations made by a French general officer , with respect to the conduct of the Portuguese troops at the battle of Busaço . That officer had stated , that he considered it an excellent ruse de guerre to disguise the veteran troops of England in Portuguese uniform , in order to entrap the French into an attack upon such troops with a confidence of success against a certainty of failure . That was the best testimony of the efficiency of the Portuguese troops , and of the policy of the measure by means of which they had been brought to that state of discipline . With respect to the character of the campaign abstractedly , what , he would ask , could be a better proof of its superior merit and value than the language now employed by the enemy ? What a higher tribute to its merits , than the alteration of tone so manifest in all the recent publications of France upon the subject of this campaign ? We were not now told that the British army shall be driven in a short period of time into the sea . It was not now insolently asserted , that the allies were to be suddenly brushed away on the first appearance of the French armies in the field against them . The language now held , on the contrary , was , that the object of the enemy was to be accomplished , not by decisive action , but by protracted operations ; not by sudden and vigorous