of economy , it was so strongly recommended by the safety and expedition which attended it , that it was constantly being enlarged upon from time to time . At present there were 14 ships so employed , two of which were two deckers , and the others large frigates . It was now so arranged , that when a ship was paid off , it was asked if it could go to sea no more as a ship of war ? and if it could not , whether or not it would make a troop ship , and what would be the expence ? The principle had been carried so far within the last year , that 10,000 infantry had actually been transported in ships of war He flattered himself , from the present state of the service , that many difficulties which formerly stood in the way were got ever , and that they would never be revived ; and he could not see why , under such circumstances , they might not continue to extend the principle . With respect to the building of ships in merchants ' yards , he had to state , that for some time 379 past new works had been suspended . Those which stood in the present estimates , were only those to be completed , which were ordered some time ago . No new orders had been given , and such arrangements had been made that the building of large ships in the yards of merchants would at least be postponed . Some frigates , he must admit , had been ordered to supply a deficiency caused by a recent transaction.—He would now give some explanation why , in the present reduced state of the enemy 's navy , it was necessary for this country to keep so many ships ready to act upon occasion . The circumstance of our being constantly under the necessity of being prepared to face the enemy in all parts of the globe , rendered it imperative upon us to keep up our numerical superiority . The plans of Buonaparté for establishing a formidable navy , when the extent of his means was considered , furnished a new motive for our keeping up our force , that we might be ready to meet and to crush his squadrons whenever they should come out . He had already 54 ships of the line ready , or nearly ready , for sea , and 44 frigates . In addition to these , according to the most accurate accounts they could get , he had building , and in ordinary , 46 sail of the line , which made the total of his navy amount to 110 ships of the line , and 44 frigates . A prodigious force , when the point to which it was directed was taken into consideration . His hon . friend was not quite right in his suppositions respecting the number of ships in commission . Their number did not exceed 100 ships of the line , including sixty-fours . Win respect to the amount of the ships it ordinary , though their number might at present be large , it would shortly be greatly diminished . An order had been given to break up the ships of war , frigates , and sloops , that could not be put in repair , as it was the worst policy to keep such by in ordinary . This measure was now in operation , and , from its progress , he hoped shortly the expences of the ordinaries would be less . When new ships could be laid up in ordinary , and seasored before they went to sea , it did them infinite service . The ships to be launched were intended to be so laid up , and when the time came at which it would he necessary to reinforce the British navy , it would be so reinforced as to maintain that superiority which was necessary to the vital interests of the country.—We ought not merely to have a numerical su- 380 priority , but we ought to have such