of invasion during seven months . To render the army perfect , the enemy had appointed one of the most able and successful of all his generals ; nay so solicitous was he in this respect , that the best officers were brought from others of his armies , to act in subordinate capacities in the army of Massena . In short , it was a great , an immense effect of mature and anxious and deliberate preparation , under the ablest officers of France . In the great view , however , which the British general took of the general objects of the campaign , and of the more immediate interests to which he was peculiarly bound to attend , he never lost sight of the propriety or policy of offensive warfare , should the opportunity occur with a rational chance of success . He never ( as the enemy had chosen to assert ) promised to relieve Ciudad Rodrigo . On that subject he communicated with the marquis de la Romana , who was perfectly convinced that lord Wellington 's system was right . Lord Wellington had only said that if the Spaniards could make a great exertion , so as to draw off a considerable part of the French force , he would undertake offensive measures ; but he added , that he should look to the campaign as a whole , and embark in no measure to which he was not adequate , or which would risk his army . By the mode of defence adopted , Ciudad Rodrigo did not surrender till the 31st of July ; Almeida not till the 27th of August , and then prematurely and unexpectedly in consequence of an unfortunate accident , which was well 764 known to all their lordships . Thus then it appeared that in consequence of the presence and position of the British army , the reduction of these two fortresses had been retarded from the middle of May , when the French army was assembled before Ciudad Rodrigo , to the 27th of August , when the accidental destruction of the magazine obliged the governor of Almeida to capitulate . So far therefore their lordships must perceive grounds of satisfaction , from the wisdom with which the operations , were concerted and carried on . Thus they saw armies , such as those which bad overturned kingdoms in a month , balanced and stopped ; war returning to its old course , and the enemy obliged to respect us , and to carry on his hostilities upon old principles . Lord Wellington , when they advanced into Portugal , made no stand against them but when there was the strongest prospect of success ; when circumstances were of the most advantageous kind , and in which he could safely try and estimate the value of the Portuguese . The French took the north road of the Mondego . They must all recollect the attack they made with two divisions upon our advantageous position , where first lord Wellington had the opportunity of putting our allies to the test . He ( lord Liverpool ) had it from various officers who were eye-witnesses , that they could see no difference between the exertions of the Portuguese and those of the British soldiers . Thus , by the commander 's judicious mode of conducting the campaign confidence was inspired into them ; they acquired a just opinion of their own powers ; and his lordship was enabled to see on what grounds his future measures might rest . He persevered however in his original plan of retiring to the neighbourhood of Lisbon ; protracting his retreat , to give the inhabitants time to remove their effects , and with the ultimate view of delaying the invaders . He withdrew to the position , where he had before said that he felt he could contend for the defence of Portugal . Was not this position such as he described it to be ? —capable of resisting an army of near 70,000 men , full of threats and menaces , and of sanguine expectations of success ? —A few