should ever intimidate him in the discharge of his parliamentary duty . During the many years of his public life , he had ever been determined to act on ail occasions as it seemed best to his own judgment , without any regard to the praise or the censure of the world , ever satisfied with the consciousness of having done his duty according to his own notions of rectitude . From these principles , which had at all times actuated his public conduct , he was determined never to depart ; and on this occasion he must declare , for one , that he was prepared to give his opposition most decidedly to this Bill . But at the same time , it should be understood , that he was by no means disposed to deny relief to the distresses of the merchants and the manufacturers of this country . No ; on the contrary , it was from his wish to afford them relief that he was led to oppose the present measure . The very ground and reason of his opposition was , that instead of this Bill being likely to produce in its effects any relief to the distressed commerce of the country , it was calculated to aggravate all our commercial calamities . Even the very evils 533 alleged by its supporters as the causes of these misfortunes , must , in his judgment , be materially increased , and not lessened , by the remedies proposed . The principles of all commercial and political economy would be departed from , without any of those excuses which , under extraordinary circumstances , might justify such departure . It had been said by a noble friend that he rejoiced to hear this night so many noble lords admit the policy and justice of general principles , and that he was glad to find a general concurrence of that House in their propriety , although they departed from them upon this particular emergency.—On the contrary , he ( lord Grenville ) was sorry to hear the general admission of just principles in debate , because it seemed the growing habit of the noble lords opposite , to admit every wise and just principle in their speeches ; and that seemed in their minds to authorize a decided departure from every thing just and wise in their conduct . It reminded him of the preambles of the edicts of the comptrollers of France ; for , in proportion as the preamble breathed sentiments of justice , morality , and benevolence , in the same proportion the laws which were founded upon them contained provisions fraught with injustice , oppression , and wanton cruelty . It would be found , that these preambles were remarkable for their composition , for the sentiments of justice and clemency they expressed ; and the laws succeeding them , equally detestable for their oppression and cruelty , exceeding those of every other legislature . Just so the noble lords opposite were continually admitting the justice and expediency of general principles , but it by some means happened , when they assented most to the justice of such principles , it was the precise time when they were violating them most in their practice . He did not mean hereby to charge the noble lords with a deliberate intention of thus violating these principles , or intentionally devising a measure to injure the true interests of the commercial world ; and least of all would be ascribe such intentions to the department in which this measure originated ; but , on the contrary , he would give them the credit that they were , on this occasion , actuated by a wish to relieve the mercantile interest of the country . At the same time , either from the urgency of particular calamities , or from causes of another description , it had 534 become their general , and he must add , their preposterous policy to try to avoid permanent evils by means of partial remedies . Could any noble lord venture to say , nay he would defy any rational man to