become at length a great military power , not against the hopes certainly , but against the fears of those , who had doubted of her sufficiency . Others were of opinion , that we ought not to engage as principals in a war on the continent , but the vote of that day would , be trusted , bring that question home to the House : a question from which they could not escape . With all the right , which we had , to demand the confidence of Portugal , to require her co-operation , and to control her military resources , would it have been proper in us to incite Portugal to war , and to decline sharing in its difficulties or dangers ? Those who thought that we should not act as principals , were as it appeared of opinion that our assistance should have been given by desultory expeditions ; by supplies of arms , provisions , and ammunition . But expeditions for making descents included re-embarkations ; and thus , as often as our expeditions re-embarked , we should leave as many victims behind as we should induce to co-operate with us ; and should expose to destruction all those whom we should drive to an unavailing resistance to that overwhelming power which we should not think we could ourselves meet in safety . 774 Could any man think that we ought to desert those who implored our protection , who might be stretching forth their arms to grasp our swords , and anxious to place themselves under the shelter of our power ? But this country had acted upon no such opinion ; we became principals in the War , and what had been the result ? We carried on our war in Portugal , we had brought our army to a state of efficiency competent to meet the enemy if he should invade us , and enabling us to daunt him to the attempt : this alone was sufficient to entitle lord Wellington to the thanks of the House and of the country . As to the effect the result of the campaign would have upon our present or any future allies , he could not suppose it inconsiderable . His right hon . friend had adverted to the effect it might have upon the other nations of Europe : he hoped , that any such effect would not operate too Soon , and that we should still be left to contend with the French—the world the prize , and the witness of our exertions . He trusted that no attempt would be made to urge any part of Europe to a premature effort , such as had too often been the case ; and he would own , he had not heard with unmixed satisfaction the rumours respecting probable convulsions on the continent which were afloat , but which be hoped were not authorised . If any resistance were to be given to France , he wished it to be upon a conviction that the nations rose in their own cause—because their oppression was intolerable—because they preferred the risk of annihilation to the certainty and severity of subjection . He feared another Wagram or Auerstadt ; and , in his ' opinion , too sudden a rising would be easily put down , and only tend ultimately to Confirm the subjugation of the continent . He wished the nations of Europe to abstain from resistance till France should be more humbled , and their own sufferings should urge them to a last great desperate effort . With respect to the other part of the Peninsula , he hoped the result would be , that it would place itself under the same guidance ; but that nothing ought to be said , either here or in Spain , to precipitate the measure . Lord Wellington he was sure , by the Same Wise , temperate , sage , and conciliating counsels , would achieve the same successes ; whenever he should carry the arms or the glories of his country . Having two years ago taken upon himself the respon- sibility for