as that of the Amendment he had moved in the Committee in the Bill , viz . `` That Roman Catholics and other dissenters should be permitted to attend divine worship according to such rites as their consciences suggested , and not be compelled to attend at divine service according to the rites of the Established Church . '' was furnished with a sufficient answer to the arguments of the noble earl , by the acknowledgments in his own speech . The noble earl confessed that the only case which was reported to the noble commander in-chief in Ireland , met with immediate redress ; and that with regard to the case in Sicily , it came to the noble earl in the shape of an ex-parte statement , and was confessed to be such by a right hon . member of the other House of Parliament ( Mr. Grattan ) , who was requested to introduce it into his statement on his presenting the Roman Catholic Petition in 1809 , but who declined doing so , on finding that it was an ex-parte statement . This he conceived to be a sufficient answer to all the observations of the noble earl . vindicated the conduct of the Irish government with respect to these matters , both during the five years he had been employed in that country , and also during the government of his predecessor . For the whole of that 387 time he had never heard of any one complaint of the nature now brought forward ; and had any such ground of complaint been brought forward , he was sure it Would have been instantly removed . He could not but regret that the noble earl who brought forward this question , no doubt with the best intentions , should have glanced at matters , and even made assertions , into the truth of which he had not sufficiently inquired . For under the sanction of such authority , they would go out to the world , and might be converted by ill-disposed men to very mischievous purposes . complained that ministers had given no better reason , in his mind , a most absurd one , for opposing the noble earl 's Amendment , namely , that it would call into doubt the sincerity of government in issuing the orders which were to prevent any obstruction to the free exercise of their religion by the Roman Catholic soldiers . Could a legislative declaration create , did it not rather remove all doubt in such circumstances ? and as making the matter clear and intelligible to all the world , it was his opinion that such a legislative declaration should be adopted . vindicated both the government of Ireland and England from imputation or blame with regard to their conduct towards the Roman Catholic soldiers . thought it would greatly promote the recruiting service that a general legislative-declaration should be adopted , to remove all doubts and hesitations on this very important point . briefly replied , and said he should not divide the House on his proposition , as the noble lords connected with Ireland were absent , who , if present , would have strenuously supported him—The noble earl 's proposition was therefore negatived without a division ; the Bill read a third time and passed . then rose and said , that in rising to call the 388 attention of the Committee to that part of his royal highness the Prince Regent 's message , which referred to the subject of granting still further assistance to Portugal , he could not forbear to express a confident expectation that there would not be much opposition made to the motion with which he should have the honour to conclude . Although the proposition which he had last year brought forward on the same subject had met with some opposition , and though the grant which it was in this instance his intention to submit to the Committee amounted to a considerable increase beyond the sum voted last year , he yet conceived , that , in the circumstances under which he made the present application