from the standard value of the coin of the realm . The lawful currency of the realm being coined gold and silver , all issues of paper money are of course nothing more than stipulations to pay in the lawful coin of the realm , just so much , as the issues of paper bear on the face of them a promise to pay . This being the case , the bank-note of one-pound , must be taken altogether as a stipulation , or agreement to pay on demand twenty-shillings of lawful coined money of the realm . Now , as bank notes of that value purport to represent gold and silver , and as the real value of a note of that discription estimated from the high price of the gold bullion above the price settled by the mint , is of course depreciated in value , the real quantity of precious metal which it will purchase is 15s . 10d . and it is no longer therefore , a quantity of gold and silver to the value of twenty shillings . I am prepared broadly to state and argue , that it has deviated from its original value to that extent . I do not expect that it will be controverted in this House , when I assume it as fact , that the legal standard of the realm is of great political importance to the interests of the country ; that can not be denied No doubt , there have been periods in our history when many of our sovereigns imitated the conduct of arbitrary monarchs ; and to support foreign wars , have debased the value of the coin of the realm . Parliament , however , has on all such occasions very wisely judged it expedient to urge them to restore it to its lawful value , and it has been uniformly so restored shortly afterwards . The last operation of this kind occurred in the reign of queen Elizabeth ; since then a standard has been established 804 both with respect to the fineness and the weight of the metal , which standard has hitherto remained unaltered . All the statutes upon the subject invariably provide , that no legal tender in payment shall be made except in the current coin with re ference to the standard ; and by the 14th of the king no tender in silver of a sum above 25l . shall be good , unless reference to the standard as fixed at the mint shall be made . This is the law upon the subject , law so invariable , that there had never been the smallest question as to the point , up to the time when the restriction on the bank took place in 1797 . Very different doctrines have indeed been broached since that period , which , however I have no doubt the House will consider as extraordinary and fallacious , asthey are unfounded either in fact or reason . If we look to the law of the land , to the king 's proclamations , or to the proceedings of parliament , on the subject of the lawful money or coin of this country , we shall find that one opinion only had prevailed on this very important point . From the early period in which it had first been taken into consideration , the greatest care and anxiety has uniformly been shewn to prevent any alteration in its value , either as to weight , standard , or fineness : but particularly to prevent the smallest diminution in any of these points . With respect to what has been the invariable policy of our ancestors upon this point , I believe , no difference of opinion can exist . I come now therefore to a more recent authority . In the last regulation made on this subject , in the fourth year of the reign of George 1 , there is in the Journals a Resolution of the House , that they would not alter the standard value of gold and silver ; and to add to its weight and importance , this