proper , he thought self-evident , and therefore they ought not to constitute a majority . He was surprised that the name of Mr. Huskisson had not been originally proposed , and surprised that there should be any objection on his part when he was last mentioned . He hyped some other names would be proposed . The commercial majority was objectionable in the first place , and almost the whole of the vest would be under a vote for any 129 measure of relief which the Chancellor of the Exchequer might have already suggested . stated , that he had taken the principal merchants from both sides of the House—persons best acquainted with the subject , and at the same time not likely to be so much affected as less eminent traders , by the present depressed state of commerce . He had no objection , however , to some more names , though it was desirable that the committee should not be too numerous . objected to the constitution of the committee , on the same grounds as Mr. Whitbread . stated , that every commercial man who had expressed a doubt as to the expediency of giving relief , had been named for the committee . disclaimed any other objection to a majority of commercial men than this , that they would be , from the nature of the case , acting under an undue bias . proposed that Mr. D. Giddy be added to the committee , but nobody seconded the motion.—The committee was therefore appointed as originally constituted , with the usual powers . rose and said , be had little apprehension , when he first gave notice of his motion , that it would meet with any opposition . It was indeed a motion so consonant to parliamentary usage , so obviously enjoined by the duties of the legislature , and so natural a consequence of measures recently adopted by the House , that he had hoped it might have met with the entire concurrence of their lordships . In this , however , he was mistaken—he had received an intimation ( for the politeness of which he acknowledged himself obliged ) from a quarter where he knew that opposition in that House was seldom fruitless , and it had therefore become necessary for him to trouble their lordships more at length than he could have wished , to explain the grounds on which this motion rested , and at the same time to state as explicitly the ulterior objects to which , if acceded to , he should call their attention.—The motion he had to submit was merely for information , it was merely for a list of such 130 proceedings as had been instituted ex officio against state libels , by the Attorney General , for the last ten years . It would pledge their lordships to no further opinion ; it might be granted with due regard to parliamentary usage , without implying the suspicion of abuse , and without entailing on the House the necessity of any subsequent proceeding . In the other House ( if it was regular to allude to such things ) it had , from time immemorial , been the usage to institute , at the commencement of every session , a Committee of Justice , an usage which indicates that the eye of parliament should be invariably fixed on the administration of justice , that parliamentary inquiry into the nature or number of any prosecutions in the courts below conveyed no censure on those courts , but proved that vigilance and policy , with regard to them , was the constant and uniform duty of parliament , which could not be relaxed without danger , but which could be exercised without implying distrust or suspicion . The House , indeed , had recently sanctioned the principle , for without imputing blame to anyone , they had , at the motion of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) whose absence he regretted , ordered in this very session , ( or at least in last session ) a return of the number of convictions and