. The Attorney General is the last man who , in my opinion , ought to be entrusted with great , or with any discretionary power , and ought to be the first and the most anxious to lay it down and relieve himself from a task , impossible to execute with credit and reputation . The situation of an Attorney-General called upon to act according to the modern practice and doctrines respecting Libel , is , it must be allowed , embarrassing in the extreme : for 584 it is impossible for him to discharge what his employers will consider as his duty , without the laws under his inspection being , in some instances , shamefully relaxed , and in others violently stretched beyond their tone . And to this charge of gross partiality in the exercise of his illegally assumed functions , in filing Ex Officio Informations against those writers hostile to his administration , and withdrawing them when filed against those supporting his administration—thus aggravating the hardships of those who suffer by the impunity of those whom he permits to escape , and adding to the insecurity of all by the uncertainty and capricious exercise of this illegal and unconstitutional power—to this most important part of the charge against him , the learned gent . has , with lawyer-like skill , evaded making any reply . Thus has the learned gent . passed over altogether those points upon which he was seriously attacked , and has exhausted all his powers of defence in rebutting charges which never were urged against him . The learned gent . has thought proper to suppose , that the noble lord had charged him with not having instituted his prosecutions Ex Officio within a reasonable time after the commission of the supposed offence . No such charge was however , made by the noble lord , though the learned gent . has employed a great part of his speech in uselessly defending himself against it . maintained the legality of the practice of filing Ex-Officio informations . The hon . bart . was consistent in not giving his sanction to prosecutions for libels . In a speech of his to the sage judges of law assembled , not in Westminster-hall , but in the purlieus of Westminster-hall , sub diu in Palace-yard , he , as appeared from a newspaper report of his speech , pledged himself to his auditory , that when the subject should be under discussion , he would prove `` that the practice was contrary to the principles of the constitution . '' But he would join his learned friend in challenging the hon . bart . to point out any time in which libels were less severely punished than at present . The learned gentleman here enumerated several cases of the punishment of fine , pillory , imprisonment , and flogging , having been inflicted for libels in the reigns of William and Mary , of Anne , 604 of Geo . 1 , and of Geo . 2 , disclaiming at the same time any desire to express approbation of such severity , though he could not avoid stating the cases , in order to shew that in good times , as they were called , more severity was used than at present . He was not surprised at the part the hon . bart . took upon this subject , because he had forborne to prosecute a most gross libel against himself which appeared in another part of the same paper—in which he had read the passage of the hon . baronet 's speech . That paper had represented the hon . bart . to have said `` that all the grievances of the people were engendered in the corruptions of that House of Commons , falsely stating itself to be the legal representatives of the people . '' This was a most gross libel on the hon . bart . ; but he was treated much worse in a subsequent part of the paper , where he was made to say , '' that no government 'can stand without the confidence of the