the facility with which inquiry in certain cases had been made and information gained , was painful to the parties making it . During the whole time , that be ( lord Ellenborough ) had presided in 150 the court of King 's Bench , he knew that the greatest facility existed in getting at the files of these Ex Officio Informations ; and there was not a document of which the noble lord , and any one else , might not soon be in possession . But it was not a search for information that the noble lord proposed to himself ; it was not in order to be informed , that he had made the present motion . The noble lord had talked in a high tone of an obiter dictum of lord Hale 's . If lord Hale had ever made the observation , which he ( lord Ellenborough ) believed he never had , his judgment must have been as dormant as , in such case , he must have wished the law itself to have been . But he never could have expressed any such opinion . It was not to be credited that a man so perfect in his knowledge of the laws and the constitution as lord Hale was , could possibly have done so . The law of Informations Ex Officio not the law of the land ! What was law if this was not ? for it had been made law by the same authority that had made all the laws that held the government together . It was as much law as that which gave the noble lord the right of speaking in that House—it was as much law , as the law which put the crown of this realm on the brow of the sovereign . He would recommend there-lore to the noble lord to trace back the law of informations . He could recommend him a book upon that subject , and would refer him to the case to be found in page 119 , of Shower 's History of the Law of Informations . He would there find the law of informations to be as old as the common law . If the noble lord-questioned the expediency of the law , why not propose that it be repealed ? That would be the direct and manly course . Nothing could be more mischievous , than by declamatory speeches in that public assembly to impress upon the public mind the false notion that Informations Ex Officio were not perfectly-legal . The noble lord may if he choose propose to amend the practice of filing Ex Officio Information ; but that practice was conformable to law , —law undoubted , and recognised and indisputable , he should not venture to question its legality . ( Here lord Holland intimated that he had never disputed its legality ) . True , the noble baron had not in words indeed questioned the legality of the practice , but the whole drift and spirit of his reasoning went directly to inforce the illegality of it . The 151 authority of Mr. Dunning , unquestionably very high authority , and which had been so often cited by another noble lord , had been here mainly relied on against this Jaw . He was certainly good authority , but not , perhaps , at the side at which he had been quoted , as he had himself taken an active part in libel prosecutions , and often pocketed the fees under this very law— ( A laugh . ) But it seemed that it had been made more grievous by recent enactments . He had , he would confess , expected something from the noble lord that night against the Indictment Bill ; and he was not disappointed . When he recollected the opposition made by the noble baron , he did not conceive that the opposition would rest there ; in this too he was not deceived ; for the whole speech of the noble baron that night was but a continuation of his former argument—a 'nec dum finitus Orestes ' It was