high situation a person by whom they had been most insulted and traduced , both in writings and in Parliament—why then had this been done if this evinced a spirit of conciliation ? With respect to what the gallant general had said , that there was not an iota of difference between the situation of the lower classes of the Catholics and their Protestant brethren , he would ask , if every Catholic ought not to be able to hope , as well as every Protestant , however humble his situation , that his son might possibly one day become Lord High Chancellor ? Why ought not every father to be enabled to entertain such a hope , with as much appearance of reason as it might once have been indulged by the father of the present , and other Lord Chancellors , who , very much to their credit , had risen from humble situations in life ? Why should a Catholic be denied the hope of raising himself , as another noble 37 lord had done , who originally had been but a wool-comber 's son ? An honourable baronet had expressed himself content that the committee should remain as it was . That , however , was not the wish of the ministers , they denounced it altogether as unlawful , or , what he should wish to know was the meaning of that part of the letter of Mr. Secretary Pole , where he stiles them `` An unlawful assembly sitting in Dublin , and calling themselves , The Catholic Committee ? '' The hon . bart . here detailed the history of those proceedings which had caused the Circular Letter to be issued , which , he contended , were caused merely by a wish to take the general sense of the Catholics on the question , whether or not it would be proper to present their petitions to parliament in the present session . The object was to collect from those in the landed interest , whether or not it was proper the subject should be at present discussed ; and he should have thought it would have been the interest of government that it should be taken into consideration in such an assembly , rather than referred to an `` aggregate meeting . `` —The Irish Government had , however , thought it best , in order to preserve the peace , to put an obsolete act in force—an act never before acted upon—an act passed by a bigotted and intolerant government—an act passed , in the time of Mr. Pitt , the result of spleen and of disappointment . That act , he would observe , had led to the abolishing of the Irish parliament , and he warned them , lest , reviving it , they completed the ruin of their country . said , he had supposed from the appearance of the House , that many other gentlemen had intended to speak on this question , and he therefore had hitherto reserved himself to hear all the objections which might be urged . As it did not appear that any other gentleman was anxious to address the House upon the subject , he must declare that , in his opinion , no prima facie case had been made out against the Irish government which called for the present motion , or could render necessary an investigation of the circumstances which had influenced its conduct . He could not but regret extremely , that whenever any discussions took place in that House with respect to Ireland , a great deal of matter got somehow introduced into the debate , which was likely to keep up that spirit of dissatisfaction in that country which had 38 unfortunately shewn itself in the instance which had called for the measure recently resorted to by the Irish government . He lamented the constant practice of gentlemen to give gloomy representations of what they called the degraded state of Ireland . He lamented that gentlemen should studiously labour to keep that feeling of discontent alive , at a time when no immediate good could possibly be