was not a little , nor even a great thing that would be sufficient to destroy them The House had now before it a view of the consequences of what he had recommended last year—that of meeting the expenses without recurring to any new tax . It would also be seen by reference to the produce for the last three years , that so far from declining , the country was evidently in a state of great prosperity . In 1809 , the produce was 36,446,000l ; that of last year , upon which , as he had already stated ; a considerable increase had occurred that could not be calculated upon in future , was 41,441,474l . and that of the present year was 41,300,000l . so that the difference between the present and the former year , was by no means so great as they had reason to expect , on considering the peculiar circumstances by which the former year was favoured . After such a statement , the House would see there was no reason for indulging that despondency which some people were inclined to entertain . congratulated the House on the statement of his right hon . friend , and the proofs then before them of the prosperous condition of the finances ; but he begged leave to observe , and to press upon their consideration , that though our resources were large and prosperous , it was necessary to exercise the greatest economy in their application . He wished that the corresponding sums of this last year 's produce should be laid before the House , and was desirous to know whether the fines for the militia were included , which he understood amounted to two or three millions . read the corresponding sums , but said that he had no conception that the fines for the militia were so great as his hon . friend had represented . With respect to the question Whether those fines were included in the present statement ? he observes that such as were paid into the Exchequer were certainly comprehended in it , but he could not say whether those which were paid into the Bank were considered part of the consolidated fund . thought the amount of the fines could not be so great as had been stated . recommended a strict adherence to economy , and expressed his apprehension that the increase was not really great as it appeared to be . said , that economy should be undoubtedly a paramount object with that House ; but it was also Bound to provide For the necessary 743 expences of the government , and the former object should never be pursued so far as to exclude the latter from their consideration . The excess of the Consolidated Fund , which had exceeded the estimate of the year in which the taxes were paid out of it , afforded a ground for representing the increasing prosperity of the country . He remembered that in the former instance , when he recommended that application of the fund , he was charged with having taken a too sanguine view of the subject ; but experience had proved that that view was not sanguine , and the increase already mentioned had truly justified his predictions . The produce of the Post Office itself , in the year , ending 1810 , exceeded that of the former year by , he believed , 100,000l . ; and in the last year the excess was still greater . The Excise was also considerably increased , and there was every prospect of a flourishing revenue . moved the third reading of this Bill . said , that though he agreed in the general principles staled by his hon . and learned friend , he differed from him in the application of them to the present subject . The certainty of punishment should , be observed , but that certainty would not be facilitated by the Bill . This was not a question of practical , but of speculative humanity , for it did not profess to make the practice conformable to the theory ,