lament that their ardour had not been so far corrected by their prudence and justice , as to have induced them to refrain from entering into any discussion on the subject , during the necessary absence from the House of that individual , from whom alone their remarks could receive a complete and satisfactory answer . I am the more disposed to lament the course which the other side of the House have thought proper to adopt , because , Sir , I know that it has produced the most injurious effects , which might undoubtedly have been avoided , it the gentlemen had waited until they were in possession of all the facts of the case , before they took upon themselves to pronounce a judgment upon it . But this is a point upon which , at the present moment , I am not disposed to dwell . I am anxious rather to reply to the charges brought by the right hon . and learned gent , against the Irish government . Those charges , with the permission of the House , I shall take the liberty of dividing under two heads—The first is the accusation of the right hon . and learned gent , that the law , if violated at all , was violated from the first ; and that the government , if they believed the law had been transgressed , were criminal for not having enforced it . The right hon . and learned gent , argued , that if the meeting , calling itself the Catholic Committee , was illegal , the lord lieutenant was bound to have stopped it at an earlier period , and would have done so , had he entertained a just sense of what was due to the peace and happiness of the country.— '' For , '' says the right hon . and learned gent . `` if the Catholic Committee was , as you declare it to be , an illegal assembly ; if their proceedings were , as you say they were , dangerous to the peace of the country , it was the duty of the Irish government to have put a stop to their proceedings at a much earlier period . '' Sir , I will not now enter into a discussion of the question , whether the Catholic Committee , as it was originally constituted , was or was not an illegal assembly ; but I will , with the permission of the House , state the reasons why the lord lieutenant , looking always with great watchfulness and anxiety to the proceed- 280 ings of that Committee from May 1809 , felt it to be his duty , with a view to the tranquillity of Ireland , and to the general interests of the empire , to abstain from taking any step which could , by any perversion , be represented as having a tendency to prevent the Roman Catholics of Ireland from appealing to parliament or the throne , with any petition respecting what they considered to be their grievances . Before , however , I enter into this part of the subject , I can not avoid stating , that on reading the accounts of the debates which have taken place on this subject during my absence , and to which I hope , as I have been so much alluded to in them , and as the administration of which I have the honour to form a part , has been in the course of them so much arraigned , I may advert without disorder ; I have been much gratified with many parts of the speech of my right hon . friend opposite to me ( Mr. Grattan ) , who may indeed be called a true patriot , who is an ornament to his country , and whose talents have so often adorned , and have been so much admired in this House . There were many parts of that speech , of which I cordially approved , because they maintained the principles by which the conduct of the present administration in Ireland towards the Roman