which does what ? —The law , which makes it criminal ( if indeed it be criminal ) to exchange the guinea for more than its denominative value in Banknotes ; and which prohibits the exportation of the legal coin of the realm . Let us see what is the mode in which these powerful and beneficial laws are 1094 now actually operating . The result which they were intended to obtain confessedly was to keep our legal coin at home and to maintain it in circulation . The result actually is , that such coin has vanished from domestic circulation , and that it is exported to all parts of the world . The dollars were sent into circulation , unprotected by any law which should prevent their exportation to foreign countries : for a time they circulated in abundance ; at length they began to disappear . By what process has it been attempted , and successfully , to check their disappearance ? By the same process which is so wisely contrived to prevent the disappearance of guineas ? By forbidding more to be given for them , than they had hitherto been exchanged for in Bank-notes ? No—but by a precisely contrary process—by allowing the dollars to pass at , or above their value . The consequence is , a continued circulation of dollars in this country , in spite of the balance of trade and of the wiles of the enemy . Here then are two metallic currencies , one of which continues in circulation , while the other vanishes from it . The distinctive differences between them are , First , that of one the exportation is permitted , and of the other prohibited . I acknowledge the perversity of human nature , and its proneness to do what is forbidden ; but I can not think that principle alone sufficient to account for the exportation of the coin , which it is illegal to export , and for the continuance in circulation of that which might be exported without offence . Secondly , the one is exchangeable for its full marketable value in our domestic currency , whereas the law enforces ( or is supposed to enforce ) the exchange of the other at no more than its denominative rate . The bank-note is the common measure both of the guinea and of the dollar , of the exportable and unexportable coin : the guinea it is allowed by law to measure only according to its denomination ; the dollar , by the ordinance of the Bank , it is allowed to measure according to its marketable value . What is the result ? The coin , which is by law unexportable , flies to another market , while the exportable remains at home . But let it , for argument 's sake , be conceded that the rise of the dollar is not a proof of depreciation in the bank-note.—It follows then that if the bank-note , 1095 which would heretofore have purchased four dollars , is not depreciated in respect to the dollar because it is now obliged to call in two shillings to its aid in order to make the same purchase , neither would the bank-note , which heretofore purchased a guinea with the aid of one shilling only , be depreciated in respect to the guinea , if it should now be allowed to make the same purchase with the aid of four or five shillings . I think I may defy the most practical of men to quarrel with this proposition . Well then—if this be so—and if it be indeed an object to keep our guineas at home , why is not the operation , which has been so successful with respect to the dollar , applied to the guinea ? What difference is there in the principle ? and what difference in the practical policy of the transaction , but such as would preponderate in favour of the guinea ? If it be answered , `` that the guinea is a legal coin , which the dollar is not ; that the dollar might be treated