, however , was the tone of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) unsubdued , and he bounced about with as much energy and as much effect as he has done to night . And it was of this government that the noble lord had said that Mr. Pitt had not at that period distinguished it with peculiar marks of his confidence . Confidence ! really the noble lord has such an inverted mode of disguising things by words , that one would suppose the greatest possible favour which could be conferred on the noble lord would he actually kicking him out of office [ a laugh . ] The noble lord had argued that if the government had not acted as it then did , they would have been the most miserable creatures ; but so were they charged by Mr. Pitt to be . He did not mince his meaning . He thought them very miserable men ; men miserably deficient in the conduct of the affairs of this country , and men who consequently ought to be removed from the conduct of them . This was Mr. Pitt 's opinion , and he acted upon it , for he left no effort untried till he succeeded in driving them from the helm.—But much has been said upon the presumed competency of the King at the time alluded to in the present charge against the lord chancellor , to transact business as well as any individual ; on the contrary , he would undertake to say , that any act of any individual under such circumstances would have been set aside . He had been accused by the right hon . gent . of not doing his duty , in suffering this charge to have lain seven years dormant without bringing it forward . But he would beg the House to recollect , that when lord Eldon told the other House , in 1804 , that the King was well , Dr. Simmons was at that moment in attendance on the royal person . The House , however , did not know it , nor had he the least idea of it . The right hon . gent . had adverted to his conduct on various committees . He had been on several committees with that right hon . gent . and generally found an opponent in him . It was asked , why he did not cross-examine the physicians before the committee ; his answer was , why did not the noble lord and the right hon . gent . suffer him to do so . Why , when he attempted it , was he out voted ? He wished to do it , and tried to do it . Let him now only have an opportunity of cross-examining the physicians before the House or before a committee , and he would pledge himself to make out satisfactorily 85 the whole of his charge . The noble lord seemed to lay great stress on the evidence of Dr. Heberden before that House . He did not attach so much to it , for it was in some places rather contradictory , and no doctor could pronounce exactly upon every case . But if any private gentleman had been under such circumstances as his Majesty was in 1804 , and that private gentleman had made his will , with doctors Simmons and Willis attending him at the time , that will would assuredly beset aside ; aye , and even by the same lord chancellor , baron Eldon , if it were brought before him . Dr. Heberden then , it appeared , told the ministers they must be cautious how they touched on delicate points . The noble lord had indeed said , that the country was at that time in danger of invasion , and , therefore , it was necessary that his Majesty 's ministers should not suffer the affairs of the stale to remain at a stand . It appeared the King was well enough to talk of his private affairs , of the duke of York 's Estate Bill