examined persons of the same character , there might be some colour of reason to distrust them ; but when men not more distinguished for their science than their practical knowledge are to be found among them , and a great number of men in business support the doctrines of the Report , their deliberate opinion is surely entitled to the confidence of the House and the public . Several gentlemen who have spoken in this debate have blamed the Committee for not having adverted more fully in their Report to the late rise of prices . The reason , I apprehend , why they did not do so was , that they conceived they had not the requisite information in evidence before them . Had the information appeared to me to have been as complete as I have since ascertained it to be , I should have felt it my duty to have proposed in the Committee such an addition to the Report as would have removed this ground of censure . As it is of the greatest importance that the cause of the rise of prices should be 1024 well understood , I shall now trouble the Committee with some observations on that head . Almost the only point , on which the utmost unanimity has prevailed , in the course of the discussion , was this , that prices had lately risen excessively . It has also been generally allowed that the rise has been equally great in the prices of all things . It is material that this should be stated to be the case , for then no cause of this rise can be considered as a good one , if it only accounts for a rise in the prices of some particular things , and not of goods in general . The author of a work entitled `` Practical Observations , '' has said , that the Committee should have inquired into the effects of taxes and scarcity upon prices , before they alledged the advance of prices as a proof of a depreciation of paper . The answer to be given to this author is a very short one . Taxes and scarcity may account for the rise of the prices of some particular things , but neither of them can account for a rise of the prices of goods in general ; for instance , taxes on the necessaries of life operate as direct taxes on labour ; if the labourer who pays the tax be employed by a manufacturer he will charge upon the price of his goods this rise of taxes , and these goods only will be raised in price . If the labourer who pays the tax be employed by a farmer , the final payment Will fall upon the rent of the landlord , and would not even raise the price of the produce of land . It was plain , therefore , that taxation could not be esteemed an adequate cause of the rise of prices in general . So in respect to scarcity ; as the high price of corn operates in the way of a direct tax upon wages , it will no more than a tax on wages prove a sufficient cause . So again the improvement of a country will advance the prices of the produce of grazing land , but not of all things , and therefore this can not be held as a good cause ; the conclusion then to be come to is this , which is the conclusion laid down by the ablest writers , that a great and equal rise in the prices of goods in general , can only be occasioned by an alteration in the value of money . In looking at the state of prices of corn , from the year 1636 , when the effect of the discovery of the mines of America , appears to have been completed , to the year 1794 , it would be found , that taking a general average of successive periods they had varied very little . From 1657 to 1700 , both inclusive , the