, by calling the one a depreciation from discredit , the other , a depreciation from excess . A depreciation from discredit can only take place in paper or other representative currency , and not in that which has an intrinsic value , and it would undoubtedly have the consequences attributed to it , by the Committee , of producing an unfavourable exchange , and raising the price of bullion . It would also have other most injurious effects , for it has scarcely ever happened without leading to national bankruptcy ; and I am not afraid of pronouncing that terrible word , because our situation is completely different from that of any country in which such a calamity has ever taken place . But a depreciation from excess may equally take place in metallic currency ; and though , when it arises from an increase of paper currency , it is always dangerous , because it has a constant tendency to produce discredit , yet , so long as it only shows itself in a general rise of prices , its effects will be of a totally different nature . Experience indeed has shown , that great variations may exist in the amount of circulating currency without producing that immediate effect upon prices , which the Committee represent as invariably and necessarily following even small and local changes . In this age of revolutions , in which the most tremendous experiments have been made on the structure of society and the happiness of man , great experiments have , among the rest , been tried upon currency . When the French revolution broke out , the circulation of that country was almost wholly metallic , and abundant in amount . A paper money was then introduced , and rapidly augmented . But the price of commodities by no means increased in proportion to that augmentation , nor indeed varied much , till that paper became discredited . In the confusion which ensued a considerable rise took place . After some years the paper , being totally discredited , disappeared and metallic money again took its place—at first in scanty proportions , 937 and afterwards in greater abundance . Yet the price of articles did not fall in proportion to the scarcity of currency , but continued , and still continues , much higher than before the revolution , when coin was much more plentiful . Another instance took place in Prussia . In that country , previously to the French invasion , money was in considerable plenty , and yet prices were generally low . It has since been drained by the exactions of the French to such a degree , as to occasion general poverty , and a great scarcity of cash , yet the price of most articles is higher than formerly . I certainly do not mention these cases with a view of contradicting the general proposition , that an increase of currency will occasion an increase of prices , but to show that it is capable of some modification , and is rather to be understood as applying to the general system of nations , connected with each other by commerce , than to a particular nation , and still less to particular districts in the same country . Assuming , for the present , that within the two last years , in which the exchange has fallen so remarkably , the prices of all articles have risen proportionally in this country ( a fact which I shall presently examine ) , I take upon myself to affirm , that such a circumstance not only would not have the effect ascribed to it of lowering the exchange , but would have an effect directly contrary . I affirm this not only en what appears to me a clear principle of reasoning , but on an authority to which I should have expected the Bullion Committee to pay some deference—that of the late sir Francis Baring . And I am happy that this reference to his evidence affords me the opportunity of joining in that tribute of regret for his loss , and respect for his