the defeat of the French at Corunna we have not sent any material force to that country , except to Gibraltar and Cadiz , when we conveyed troops in our ships from the one of those places to the other . You have therefore made Portugal the theatre of war ; and why should you have done so ? Do you think you can prevent France from overrunning Spain by continuing the war in Portugal ? Was there no other mode by which we could think of attaining success ? I say , that neither in Spain nor in Portugal has any thing happened that can give us reason to believe that the war there will terminate to our advantage , although I wish it sincerely . Now Spain we have abandoned , except in regard to Gibraltar and Cadiz ; and we have ' abandoned all Portugal except the space between Lisbon and Cartaxo . These are matters which we ought to consider before we vote such a large sum of money upon the principle which the right hon . gent . has stated this night . Does he suppose that if we can maintain a single town in Portugal , such as Lisbon , no expense will be too great for such an object ? If we do maintain some of those towns , the effort must in time disable this country . Without meaning to take the sense of the House upon the right hon . gent 's proposition , I only thought it my duty merely to suggest those considerations , in order that the matter may be well weighed before we come to such a vote upon this occasion . Our army estimates this year amount to between 15 and 16 millions , the transport estimates to between 3 and 4 millions , and I may reckon the whole amount of the estimates , including extraordinaries , at a sum between 23 and 24 millions , and all this without making any serious impression upon the enemy . Without making any calculation of the force of France , I only wish you to reflect how long we can go on thus . If we were likely to reduce the resources of France , then we might make a great exertion ; but we are now throwing away our money in search of conquests that will be of no real value to us when acquired . It will be a monstrous waste of money to put garrisons into any towns in Spain or Portugal.—Upon the whole I do think these possessions appear 398 actually valueless in comparison with the expense attending them . Without any desire to thwart the measures of government , I must say that the sum the right hon . gent . has asked , appears not likely to secure those advantages he seems to have sanguine expectations of realising . said , he was prepared to defend both the grant and the treaty entered into between this country and Portugal . Upon what ground , he would ask , could we assist Portugal at all unless for the purpose of reinstating upon its throne the legitimate sovereign of the country ? He would request of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , to look to the state of the allied army in 1809 , and at the present moment . The French were then in possession of all the Northern provinces of Portugal ; but by the military aid sent from this country in the spring , and by the exertions which were made to reform the military establishments , a change so great had taken place , that in six weeks after the French were expelled from Portugal by lord Wellington . Another distinguished general ( marshal Beresford ) had also succeeded so , well in his department , by the efficient reorganization of the Portuguese army , that the tyrant of Europe was obliged to send Massena himself to retrieve what had been lost ; and in September 1810 , Massena found a force formed in Portugal able to repulse him : he found ,