buildings , also the houses of the lord lieutenant and chief secretary , and the improvements in the park . When the Committee heard the various heads of service which he had read , they would not , he was sure , be surprised that the sum of 25,000l . Was not sufficient to cover the expenditure , which in fact generally amounted to near 50,000l . Having called upon the Board of Works , as he had before stated , for the most minute and detailed estimate that could be made of the different services for which money was required , these estimates had been submitted to the heads of the different departments in which the work was to be performed , and their opinion taken before the work was ordered . By the adoption of this plan , though the sum which it was proposed to vote was larger than usual , yet the actual expence was reduced from 50,000l . to about 32,000l . This was the best plan that suggested itself to his mind for commencing a reform , and he begged to add , that no step had been taken without the authority of the lord lieutenant.—Having stated thus much , he begged to say a few words upon a passage in the 7th Report of the Committee upon Public Expenditure , of which an hon . friend of his , opposite to him , was chairman ( Mr . Bankes . ) The Committee had issued two precepts to the Board of Works in Ireland , one on the 23d February , the other on the 23d March . The first calling for '' An Account of the 509 application of 25,000l . voted in the last session , for defraying the expences of Civil Buildings , from the 5th January 1809 , to 5th January 1810 , together with the names of all persons receiving salaries or allowances out of the same ; and a statement how much the said sum was deficient to defray the whole expence incurred ; specifying also , by whom the bills relating to that sum have been or are to be examined and audited . `` The second for '' An abstract Account of the several particulars of expenditure by the commissioners of the Board of Works , of the sum of 25,000l . granted by parliament , for defraying the expence of civil buildings in Ireland , from 5th January 1809 , to 5th January 1810 , specifying the several public buildings , to the erection or repair of which the said grant was applied . '' In the return made to the first of these precepts , the Board of Works gave a detailed account of the whole expenditure , amounting to 50,014l . 1s . 6d . ; and in the one founded on the second , they gave an exact account of the expenditure of the 25,000l . conformably to the desire of the Committee : and indeed so minutely was it stated , that it appeared there was a balance in the Bank in favour of the public of 16s . 6½d . It appeared to him , that when a board or an individual was called upon for a return of this kind , that nothing could be more satisfactory than that the return should be precisely what it was required to be . To this principle the Board of Works had in these instances most honestly and conscientiously adhered . He now begged to read that part of the report to which he wished to call the attention of the Committee . He was the more anxious to notice this subject , because the persons who composed the Board of Works in Ireland were men of the most respectable character , who had always discharged their public duty in the most exemplary manner ; and it was natural therefore that they should feel deeply hurt when any censure was passed upon their conduct , especially from so respectable a quarter.—Mr . Pole then read the following observations of the Committee : — '' Your Committee desire to call the attention