Address to the Regent , speaking the opinion and sentiments of the whole Catholic body.—This is the evidence the right hon . gent . himself produces , and surely the House can not suffer itself to be led into an opinion that the object of the Committee was sedition and disturbance of the public peace , when such direct and conclusive evidence is before it of its true and real purpose . Mr. Parnell said , for his part he believed sincerely that the only motive which influenced the Committee in enlarging its numbers , was that of conveying to the Regent a dutiful and loyal address . He saw nothing in the conduct of the Catholics to induce him to think that they were engaged in any attempt to disturb the public tranquillity . He could easily conceive that many weak persons , who attributed all disturbances in Ireland to innate Catholic treason , might , by confounding together the late proceedings in the south of Ireland , with the bold and spirited exertions of the Catholic Committee , have become afraid of another rebellion . He 314 could conceive that their alarms might be imparted to the Irish government , and in this way , and in this way only , could he account for its rash and impolitic conduct . To believe that a rebellion , as the right hon . gent . has said he believed , would have taken place , if his letter had not been written , was an opinion that no one , having a dispassionate use of his understanding , could for one moment entertain . With respect to what had fallen from the right hon . gent . respecting Mr. Finnerty , he could not understand why his name had been introduced , except to prejudice the proceedings of the Catholics . The speech , however , that that gent , made at the Catholic meeting in November , was by no means deserving the opprobrium which he had cast upon it . Mr. Finnerty , in that speech , had rendered a great benefit to his country , if succeeding in convincing the people of Ireland , that the people of lingland were their friends and not their enemies , was a beneficial object.—He found a feeling prevailing among the Catholics , that , because of the great enmity of the English people towards them , there was no use of again petitioning parliament.—He told them that they mistook the people of England , that it was only necessary for them to convince them of the justice of their complaints , in order to secure their cordial support ; that to petition was the best means of effecting this ; and thus he succeeded in persuading them to look for redress in a legal and constitutional manner , and removed from their minds those feelings of despair which could not fail sooner or later of leading them to seek assistance in a quarter sufficiently ready to embark in their cause . Mr. Finnerty had also conferred on his Catholic countrymen another essential service , he had exposed the folly and mischief of their own jealousies and divisions ; he had convinced them of the necessity of acting with union among themselves in promoting their great cause ; and , said ( Mr. Parnell ) inasmuch as he was of opinion , that the only way of preserving the British empire from the accumulated dangers that now threatened its destruction , was that of conciliating and uniting the great body of the Catholics in one common exertion against the common enemy ; he did think that that man was a good friend to his country , who , by conduct like this , did so much to secure for the Catholics the speedy and effectual redress of all their grievances . alluding to that part of the statement of Mr . Pole which mentioned a threat having been held out by the duke of Bedford 's government to the Catholics , of putting in force the Convention Act , stated that the government of that day had no doubt admonished