in which it was to have been brought forward , moved that the House should adjourn ; which motion was seconded by Mr. Pitt , who happened to come into the House whilst his right hon . friend was proposing it , and who at the same time stated , that he would take care that proper notice should be supplied to the House of the state of his Majesty 's health , if that should be found necessary . In the year 1804 , only three years after , his Majesty was again afflicted with the same malady . He was taken ill on the 14th of February , and on the following day it was announced to the public . The object of his motion was to bring the circumstances attending that indisposition of the King under the consideration of the House . The motion with which he meant to conclude would be , for a Committee to examine the Lords ' Journals for the Evidence of the Physicians respecting his Majesty 's state of health in 1S04 , and to report the same to the House . This he meant only as preliminary to another inquiry , in the course of which , if the House should grant his motion , he would pledge himself to prove what he should distinctly charge and assert before he sat down . It would appear by the evidence which he wished to have produced , that of one of the physicians ( Dr. Heberden ) who had attended his Majesty in 1804 , and was also in attendance upon him in his present malady , that the period of his Majesty 's illness , in the former instance , continued from the 14th of February to the 23d of April in that year . His Majesty , it appeared , on the latter day attended a council in person , which the physicians considered as evidence of his being then fully 60 restored . The bulletins however had ceased on the 22d of March , and yet it was not till the 23d of April that the physician , to whose evidence he had alluded , looked upon the King 's recovery complete , of which he considered his attendance in council a sufficient demonstration . That physician also had continued in attendance upon his Majesty until the 23rd of April . It was to that period of the year 1804 , therefore , that the inquiry , which he proposed to institute , would be particularly directed . With respect to what had taken place in 1801 , it was not his intention , nor indeed did he think it necessary , to propose any investigation , as well because many of the persons who were implicated in the transactions of that period were now no more , as because none of those others who were concerned in them , were now in office or ill a situation to excite suspicion , or to give alarm to the public , lest they should on any future occasion be guilty of the same conduct . But as he found , that one of the persons , who , under the late act for establishing a Regency , was to be of the Queen 's Council , had been Lord High Chancellor in 1801 and also in 1804 ; when he knew that a noble lord , now a member of the other House ( lord Sidmouth ) was at the head of the administration in both instances ; when he perceived a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Yorke ) who was a Secretary of State in 1804 , and a noble lord under the gallery ( lord Castlereagh ) , who was also in his Majesty 's Cabinet at that period , he was persuaded that the House would feel how necessary it was , either with a view to precaution or for the purpose of example , to enable him to prove his assertions ; or , on the other hand , if his assertions were not founded , to give the noble and honourable persons