, that if , for example , a man borrowed of the Bank 1,000l . in 1800 , and paid it back in 1810 having detained it by means of successive loans through that , period , he paid back 906 that which had become worth less by 20 or 30 per cent . than it was worth when he first received it . He would have paid an interest of 50l . per annum for the use of this money ; but if from this interest were deducted the 20l . or 30l . per annum , which he had gained by the fall in the Value of the money , he would find that he had borrowed at 2 or 3 per cent . and not at 5 per cent . as he appeared to do . By investing his money cither in land or in successive commercial undertakings , in the year 1800 , and then finally selling his land or his commodities in the year 1810 , he would find the produce amount to 200l . or 300l . above the 1,000l . which he had borrowed ; which 2 or 300l . being deducted from the 500l . interest which he had paid , would make the neat sum paid by him to be only 200l . or 300l . It was true , that men did not generally perceive , that , during a fall in the price of money , they borrowed at this advantageous rate of interest ; they felt , however , the advantage of being borrowers . The temptation to borrow operated on their minds , as he believed , in the following manner : —they balanced their books once a year , and , on estimating the value of those commodities in which they had invested their borrowed money , they found that value to be continually increasing , so that there was an apparent profit over and above the natural and ordinary profit on mercantile transactions . This apparent profit was nominal , as to persons who traded on their own capital , but not nominal as to those who traded with borrowed money ; the borrower , therefore , derived every year from his trade , not only the common mercantile profit , which would itself somewhat exceed the 5 per cent . interest paid by him for the use of his money , but likewise that extra profit which he had spoken of . This extra profit was exactly so much additional advantage , derived from the circumstance of his being a trader upon a borrowed capital , and was so much additional temptation to borrow . Accordingly , in countries in which the currency was in a rapid course of depreciation , supposing that there were no usury laws , the current rate of interest was often , as he believed , proportionably augmented . Thus , for example , at Petersburgh , at this time , the current interest was 20 or 25 per cent. , which he conceived to be partly compensation for an unexpected increase of depreciation of the currency . The observations which be had made 907 had been suggested to him by his attention to a variety of facts ; and he would now trouble the House with the statement of some specific cases , which would contribute to establish the truth of the doctrine , which he had asserted—namely , that an increase of the quantity of paper tended to diminish its value ; and a reduction of its quantity , to improve it ; —that when the quantity became too great , a drain of cash arose ; that this drain was checked by a limitation of paper ; —and that the excess , and consequent drain , were most likely to accrue when any circumstances rendered the rate of interest taken , less than the current and actual rate at the time in the common market . The case of the Bank of Paris was remarkably in point , and it was full of instruction to the parliament and people of this country . That Bank stopped