, that the first of those punishments might frequently be substituted , with benefit both to the culprit and the public , for the two last ; and more particularly for the last , the effects of which were , he believed , frequently the reverse of those which it was intended to produce , and the expence of which was enormous when compared with the expence of erecting penitentiary houses . He proposed as an amendment to insert the words— '' And that the committee inquire into the effects that have been produced by the punishments of transportation to New South Wales , and of imprisonment on board the hulks , and report their opinion and observations thereon to the House . '' bore testimony to the excellent regulations of the hulks , and to the praiseworthy attention of Mr. Graham , under whose direction they were . spoke to the same effect , and expressed a hope that the adoption of the amendment might not protract the completion of the report of the committee . had no objection to the amendment of his hon . and learned friend . Adverting to the subject of the 188 imprisonment on board the hulks , he expressed his conviction , that at present more individuals were restored good members to society after this , than after any other mode of punishment . The original motion was then agreed to , and the amendment of sir S. Romilly having been , at the suggestion of the Speaker , converted into a subsequent instruction to the committee , was in that form put and agreed to . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move the resolutions respecting the Army Estimates . So perfectly aware was he of the difficulty of drawing the attention of the House to the dry and complicated details on this subject , that it was his intention to limit his observations as much as possible . It was necessary , however , for him in the first place to point out to the committee , a circumstance , which any gentleman must have observed who had looked into the estimates , viz . that though the estimates were framed in the same manner and upon the same principle as the estimates of last year , yet there were various alterations , which had been adopted with a view to render more intelligible the complicated details into which the estimates unavoidably extended . The particular expenditure of Ireland was contained in a separate column , and many articles of charge were placed under distinct heads , which were usually included in the army extraordinaries or cast into an aggregate mass . He would now proceed to go through the various estimates in succession . The first was that which related to his Majesty 's land forces ; in which the committee would perceive an increase of four hundred and seventy two men , and a decrease in the charge of 18,400l . This estimate was divided into several classes . The first was the household troops ; the increase of the charge of which was 62l . This was a small sum , but as it proceeded from a circumstance which affected the charge of the whole of the regular troops , he would explain it : —It was well known to those who were conversant with regimental details , that it had been the custom to stop a part of the pay of the drummers or trumpeters of every regiment for the purpose of increasing the pay of the drum-majors and trumpet-majors . It had been ascertained , however , 189 that this custom was not authorised by law . It was therefore discontinued . But as the pay of the drum-majors and trumpet-majors was thereby reduced to an equality with that of the privates , it had been thought expedient to give them pay equal to that of serjeants , and this was effected throughout the whole army at an expence of between 3 and 4,000l . In the estimate of dragoon guards and dragoons , the charge would be found to have decreased 34,000l