evidence ? When Dr. Heberden was asked , `` What was the length of the period which he assigned for his Majesty 's recovery ? '' he replied , `` that he could not fix any precise limit , but that in his Majesty 's last illness , he had been called in on the 12th of February ; that his Majesty 's first presence in council was on the 23d of April following ; and that he expected his Majesty 's present case would follow nearly the same course . '' Why did not the hon . gent . refer to this evidence ? Because Dr. Heberden went on to explain , and to say , that although he limited the indisposition of his Majesty within the two periods which he had mentioned , he by no means meant to infer that his Majesty was during the whole of that time incompetent to business . When asked , if he recollected the date of the last bulletin that he signed ? he replied in the negative ; but that at the time he signed it , his Majesty was perfectly fit for business . What was done had been done after the examination of the physicians , and with the general concurrence of the cabinet . He insisted that the competence of his Majesty was at that time the same as the competence of any individual whatever could be ; and the question was , whether , in such a state , an individual would not have been allowed to be perfectly competent to transact his own affairs . He made a comparison of dates of the several bulletins , which shewed that his Majesty was gradually recovering , and it was on a regular consultation , by the joint advice of all the physicians , that his Majesty was declared capable of transacting business ; and , therefore , he knew that he was only acting conscientiously , when he , as one of his Majesty 's ministers , gave his advice in favour of the measures which were then pursued . He was not in the habit of so often seeing his Majesty at 79 that time as some of the other ministers , but he perfectly well remembered having one interview with his Majesty which lasted for a considerable time : and he undertook to say that his Majesty appeared perfectly competent to the transaction of public business ; that the state of his mind seemed perfectly correct ; and he would go further , and declare , that at that period his Majesty appeared to him to be as fully competent to transact business , and to judge what was necessary for the service of the public , as many of those individuals whom the House saw and heard every day of their lives setting themselves-up as patterns of statesmen and legislators , and imagining that they possessed an exclusive patent for all the talents , all the virtues , and all the honours of the state . did not know whether the right hon . gent . meant to include him among his would-be patterns of statesmen and legislators ; but whatever censure his sentiments might occur on the part of that right hon . gent . neither that , nor any other consideration should ever induce him to withhold them . He had listened with attention to the very long and elaborate speech of the noble lord , from the whole of which he collected that all the noble lord wished was , to be put in a situation , in which he and his colleagues might have an opportunity of shewing their innocence . It would , therefore , be natural for him and for the House to suppose , that the noble lord and his colleagues would be glad to adopt the motion of the hon . gent . which would afford them so fair an occasion of doing so . Instead of this , however , the noble lord and the right hon . gent . had retorted upon the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion ,