, would be a much greater evil , than the one intended to be removed . It would really seem as if gentlemen imagined that the end and object of law was punishment . The end and object of law is the prevention of evil ; laws are a terror to evil-doers ; the basis of wise laws is the maxim—metus ad omnes , pœna ad paucos . Indeed , so erroneous is it to imagine , that wise laws are evidenced by the multitude of prosecutions , convictions , and punishments , which grow out of them , that the very opposite is the truth . The perfection of a penal law would be , 626 that it should never be executed , that the terrors alone should be sufficient to prevent the evil , that the fear should be so operative on the minds of all , that the punishment should extend to none , that the result should be , not only , metus ad onmespœna ad paucos ; but pœna ad nullos . But these things are impossible , human infirmity permits not such results . Laws , however , are erroneously said to be a dead letter , merely because they may not have been enforced by prosecutions , convictions , and punishments . Such laws live in the manners , habits , and opinions of the people ; they live in the rules and maxims of their life ; the silent , invisible operation of the law is much more effectual for good , than the busy and bustling activity , which would keep them always in sight and in motion , working away in courts of judicature , in the midst of the buz and dust of prosecutors and constables , witnesses and , juries , magistrates , and spectators . Though laws operate principally by the silent and invisible working of the terror of their sanctions , yet the nature and amount of this terror , the nature and amount of the punishment threatened , must depend upon circumstances . A punishment can never be too mild , provided it answer the end proposed , which is the prevention of some description of action , materially prejudicial to the community ; I say materially prejudicial : for actions , only slightly inconvenient to the community , ought not to be the object of penal laws , but should be left to the controul of manners and morals ; for by subjecting them to punishment , ( and in order to prevent them effectually , severe punishments might perhaps be necessary ) the very amount of the punishments themselves might subtract more from the amount of human happiness , than would be subtracted by permitting the inconvenience intended to be prevented . But where the nature of the action would materially destroy the well-being of the community , the sanction of the law must be such , as may be necessary to prevent such actions ; for human laws proceed from human necessities , and are not referable to abstract ideas of justice , or to any supposed scale of proportionate retribution of so much suffering for so much guilt . Indeed , the legal code , and the moral code are not only different , but contrary . In foro conscientiœ , the greater the temptation , the more venial the offence ; in foro humano , the greater the temptation , the greater must be the pu- 627 nishment , to deter from the action . We must all remember when first these subjects were brought under our consideration , and before we understood that human laws proceeded from human necessities , how much we have been shocked at the seeming injustice of human laws ; we find actions punished by the severest penalties , which are no moral offences at all . In truth , the subject matter of the two codes is different . The moral code respects the agent , the legal code the act . The agent is justified by his motives , though the act is injurious ; but the act , if materially injurious ,