hour of that conflict had been at least deferred . Let the length of the war in Spain be but contrasted with the duration of those wars in which Buonaparte had strid- 412 ed with such rapidity over the prostrate dynasties of Europe . If , indeed , it was to be held that his march was irresistible , and that the Empire of the West must be finally established ; if it was determined to be right that Europe should crouch before the Usurper , the arguments which had been urged that night must be admitted to be incontrovertible . But if this doctrine was deserving only of contempt , then he could safely venture to say , that the Continent did not present an arena more fertile of advantage than the present , scene of military action . The hon . gentleman had argued that the enemy could easily repair a defeat , or retrieve any disaster that might befall him . He remembered when much had been said in that House , and out of it , of the moral effect of one victory in facilitating the attainment of another—and there was truth in the remark : but he would ask , whether this effect was incapable of operating but in one direction ? We had heard of the fate of Spain being decided on the Danube ; but were British victories alone to be barren and unproductive in their consequences ? Was the victorious career of an army like a talisman , whose magic effect extended from East to West , but could not be felt in an opposite course ? If he wanted a criterion by which to form a judgment of the conduct of the war in Spain , he would look to the columns of the Moniteur forks panegyric—he would see in its altered tone , in its transition from insult to respect , the extorted confession of our glory and their reproach—and he would ask the House whether they needed any other document on which to found their vote ? If it did appear , that with one-sixth part of our own military force we employed in Spain and Portugal one-half of the enemy 's disposable strength , surely he might assume that it was the interest of the country to persist in the struggle , and to court the trial for an honourable issue . Having dwelt so far upon the general question of the policy of the campaign , he should now beg leave to make a few observations upon the campaign itself . It would be unnecessary for him to dwell on the consummate skill and transcendant ability of the general who conducted it . But he could not help troubling the House with one or two observations on what had fallen from a gallant general opposite ( general Tarleton ) , on a former evening . They had been told by that gallant general that lord Wellington was guilty of a gross 413 error in not attacking marshal Ney before the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo ; but he had totally overlooked the circumstances which would hate rendered such a measure impracticable . The forces of lord Wellington were reduced by detachments being disposed of at different points ; while the French general had concentrated a body of 60,000 men , and had a great superiority of cavalry , in a situation where that description of force was most capable of acting . The accusers of lord Wellington had throughout manifested the greatest inconsistency ; for while they at one period condemned his rashness , they inveighed at another against his caution . And why this latter accusation ? Because he did not attack the enemy with a force , half of which was composed of those reviled and calumniated Portuguese . But if lord Wellington had done so , and been defeated , what then would have been the language of the gallant general and of those who agreed with him in opinion ? Why , they would then have had recourse to their predictions , and have reviled the measures which they now recommended.—The hon . member