sadly fear that human laws , proceeding upon human necessities , and not upon abstract ideas of justice , must , to secure the end and object of those laws , compensate by the severity of their sanctions for the uncertainty of their execution . The magnitude of the threat must be proportioned to the uncertainty , and to the distance of the period at which it may be carried into effect , and to the degree of probability of its never being carried into effect at all . This uncertainty , this distance , must vary in different countries . Even in the countries to which I have alluded , considerable allowance must be made on these heads . We are not , in making these calculations , apportioning a certain degree of moral guilt . The man who suffers is often an object of pity , of the most lively compassion . He may create the most agonizing sympathy in his favour . Every body may wish he may escape , is well those who try him , as those who are spectators of his trial . As a moral agent , his guilt may be minute ; as a moral agent , he may be spotless . His motives may have been meritorious , even sublime . Yet , from human necessities , which look to actions and not to agents , he may have to suffer . Even his father might have to pass sentence upon him . Does he then deserve punishment ? As a moral agent , assuredly not . Nor does human law visit him , because he , as a moral agent , deserves punishment , no . Others must be deterred by his suffering from his action . He may die a martyr . He may go to his reward , under another dispensation . Was Manlius'son a wretch deserving death ? Yet his death laid the foundation of that scrupulous military obedience , from whence was derived all the triumphs and glory of his country . Human laws must be so contrived , that criminals must feel that they will be losers . They must feel that crime is not a profitable trade . And without severe sanctions , it is not easy to conceive a more profitable trade . There are many cases where a criminal would be a gainer , even though detected and punished . But how enormous are his gains , when the uncertainty of detection , prosecution , & c. & c. is taken into account . 634 It is 500 to 1 , that he is never detected . It is 100 to 1 , that the legal evidence is insufficient , & c. & c. and 10 to 1 , on many other events . These chances must be counterbalanced by a proportionate increase of the terrors of the threat . In free countries , these severe sanctions are the more necessary , from the jealousy which subsists , as to that perpetual superintendence and controul , which in countries differently constituted , lessens the number of crimes , from the nature of laws and from the elaborate and scrupulous process by which they are administered ; from the nature of our manners , habits , character , customs , and opinions , severe sanctions have found their way into our code . We should not be very fond of the invisible hand , which should check the pen while it was writing , and not after it had written ; and the hand , while it was acting , and not after it had acted , lest actions should ripen into crimes—destroying thus all free agency , and of course all the energies of virtue . These characteristic differences , in nature , mode of operation , and in immediate and remote effect , between penal and preventive justice , abundantly manifest themselves in the history of free states , where it will be found , that the lessening of penal sanctions has led to the multiplication of preventive means , and thus , by the introducing of maxims of jurisprudence ,