should at least be resorted to as rarely as possible . If that act were at all to be recurred to in the present times , it ought to be so construed , as to 26 leave the utmost facility of communication between the great body of Irish Catholics and parliament It rigidly and bitterly construed , it would cut off all communication of that nature between the parliament and the people . This was particularly the case with regard to Ireland since the Union ; for many channels of communication , which were then open between the people of that country and the legislature , were now almost shut up . It was the more incumbent therefore upon that House to take care that parliament should nut be deprived of the means of ascertaining the sentiments , not merely of a small portion , but of the whole body of the Catholics in Ireland , and of allowing , for that purpose , the right of petitioning in the fullest and freest manner . For , what had occurred on former occasions ? When he presented a former petition from the Irish Catholics , it had been said , that the petition might contain the sentiments of the comparatively few individuals by whom it was signed , but that the great body of Irish Catholics were indifferent to the subject . This shewed the necessity of collecting the opinions of that great body ; and bow were those opinions to be collected , but by some such proceeding as that which the Convention Act had been resorted to in order to prevent ? Having said this much with regard to the state of the Catholics of Ireland , and the nature of the Convention Act , he would ask if the letters produced established any necessity for having recourse to those measures , which , unless under very imperious circumstances , it was the duty of the government never to adopt . The papers produced by ministers would go but a certain length . As far as they did go , they certainly did not make out their case . But as they had refused production of all further papers calculated to throw a light on the subject , it became the duty of the House to decide , whether the papers upon the table did not contain all the information which ministers could produce in favour of the Irish government , and whether they did not fall very far short of any justification of the recent conduct of that government . With respect to the Circular Letter of Mr. Secretary Pole , as it struck him , it had two aspects , a prospective and a retrospective aspect . A national permanent convention in Ireland , ought certainly to be prevented , but it was wrong to lose sight of the distinction between such an assembly and 27 the Catholic Committee , yet supposing the danger to have been great , then a question arose as to the best and most expedient method of guarding against it . He would not be one of those who would recommend a vigorous execution of a rigorous law , for the purpose of allaying the discontent , or appeasing the exasperated temper of a people who complained of injuries . He should be inclined rather to soften the severity of the law , to take away as much of its sting as possible , certainly not to sharpen its edge , against an aggrieved and complaining body . He would not , in endeavouring to prevent any unlawful or tumultuous meeting , have ushered in his measure by a direct and positive charge , against that meeting , of entertaining improper or mischievous designs . He would not have stated in his preamble , Whereas a conspiracy exists , ' but have preferred the less offensive terms of Whereas , a report of such and such proceedings has gone abroad , ' & c. There was this difference between the two modes of conduct , that the first bore an adverse and hostile character towards his Majesty 's subjects , the