allowance was made for the depreciation of the currency at the time of the contract . These proportions had been arranged from month to month , so that debts contracted on or before the 1st Jan. 1809 , were to be discharged at the rate of 100 for every 103 florins : in February it continued 103 ; in March , it was 105 , and so on till 1811 , when it was 100 for 500 983 florins . Could any man doubt that this measure , severe as it was , had a tendency to lower prices generally , to raise the exchange , and to equalize the market and Mint prices of bullion ? No man who reflected upon this case , and considered what had taken place in this country , could possibly doubt that the currency was depreciated . Under such circumstances , it was the duty of the House to consider seriously of some remedy . He hoped and trusted the Bank had a very considerable portion of bullion in store . This opinion he entertained not upon idle rumour or conjecture , but upon good grounds . It had been stated before the Committee of the Lords in February 1797 , that if the drain from the Bank were to have continued for a month , equal to what it had been during the preceding week , upon the average ; or if it continued for a week on the average of the two pre ceding days , the stock of bullion would not have been reduced as low as it had been in 1782 . Besides , in October , 1797 , the Bank having no doubt made large purchases of bullion during the interval , communicated to Parliament that it was prepared to resume cash payments . He could not be persuaded , then , that the Bank had not at present a considerable stock of bullion . And though the Bank had not regulated its conduct with a view to its profits , it was still obvious , that it enjoyed large profits , and when he looked to those profits , he thought they afforded to the Bank the means of opening its payments again . In the suggestions which he had published on this subject , he had not dealt out any hard measure to the Bank . He was aware , that , by the restriction , the Bank had been enabled to enlarge its issues , whilst the suspension of cash payments rendered it unnecessary for the Bank to keep constantly in its coffers a large deposit of unproducitve capital to meet the demands for specie , which every Bank of discount is compelled to keep always ready . Was it , then , too much to expect that the Bank should provide bullion even at its present price , when considering the large profits it had made , that operation would not place it in a worse situation than it would have been in , if no restriction had taken place . The restriction was intended to protect the Bank from the drain of specie to which it had been exposed in 1797 , and to secure the public against all the ill consequences of suspending payments generally , 984 if that drain had been suffered to proceed . That was the specific object of the measure , and not any regard for the principles and opinions which had lately been broached upon this subject . When the Bank by means of the restriction had been enabled to make extra profits , it certainly could not be too much to call upon the directors to take the necessary measures to place themselves in a situation to resume at some definite period their payments . The House was therefore bound to adopt some specific remedy , and not content itself with a declaration that it was expedient that cash payments should be resumed as soon as circumstances would permit . The extra profits , should , in his opinion , be applied to the purpose of placing the Bank in a situation to resume cash payments