a Meeting of the General Committee of the Catholics of Ireland , held in Dublin , at No . 4 , Capel-street , on Saturday , the 2d of March , 1811 , `` GEORGE BRYAN , Esq . in the Chair ; `` Resolved , That the Petitions be engrossed , and transmitted to the earl of Fingal , to be by him handed to the earl of Donoughmore and the right hon . Henry Grattan . `` Resolved , That a meeting of the Catholics of Ireland be called at the Farming Repository , in Stephen 's green , on Friday next , at the hour of eleven o'clock in the forenoon , to take into consideration a dutiful and loyal Address to his royal highness the Prince of Wales , and that such meeting do request the Catholics in 308 and transmitted to lord Fingal , for the purpose of being handed to lord Donoughmore and Mr. Grattan ; —a most happy termination of their labours . They also resolved , that a meeting of the Catholics of Ireland should be held on Friday next , to take into consideration a loyal address to the Regent , and to desire the concurrence of the country in the same ; that the arrangements for collecting the signatures to the petition should be made by Mr. Hay ; and that the Committee do adjourn to the third Tuesday in April . Before that time the Roman Catholics will , I trust , be fully convinced that the government had no intention of interfering with their right of petitioning.—The right hon . and learned gent . asks , whether it required a spur to goad the irritated feelings of the people of Ireland : Sir , I appeal to his own candour now to say , whether such language can fairly be applied to the conduct of the government ? The same candour will , I doubt not , induce him to confess that he laboured , during the whole of his statement , under a complete mistake , in supposing that I was so foolish and so arrogant as to take upon myself to act in such a case without obtaining the best advice . If the distinguished individuals of the government of Ireland had not disdained to reply to the attacks that were made upon them in the papers , and elsewhere , the right hon . and learned gent . would not have remained in such complete ignorance as to the real truth of the case . As it is , a greater instance of secrecy of councils never occurred.—I understand , Sir , that in one of the debates which occurred during my absence , an hon . gent . opposite to me , ( Mr. Whitbread ) stated , that I had assumed all the powers and authority of the their respective counties to concur in such Address . `` Resolved , That the arrangement for collecting signatures to the Catholic Petition , be entrusted to our secretary , Mr. Hay . `` Resolved , That this Committee do adjourn to the third Tuesday in April `` GEORGE BRYAN , Chairman . '' `` The VISCOUNT SOUTHWELL in the Chair . `` Resolved , That the thanks of this Committee be returned to George Bryan , esq . for his very proper , spirited , and dignified conduct in the chair . `` EDWARD HAY , Sec '' 309 lord lieutenant of Ireland . Sir , I am satisfied the hon . gent . has too much candour and liberality , seriously to bring such a heavy charge against any individual in his absence . The hon . gent . could never mean to hold me out to the House and the public as being so criminally and stupidly arrogant . He never could desire to raise a prejudice against any man in his absence , while he was , in fact , upon his trial ; he must have spoken in jest , and I shall take that joke of the hon . gent . 's as I have taken many others from him