described on a former night its effect on a young woman ; from whence he ( the Attorney General ) would infer that it might operate in many cases to deter the individuals from future offences . As to the objection of the unwillingness of prosecutors to come forward , it applied equally to the whole of the criminal law . He thought the opinions of the Recorder and Common Serjeant entitled to considerable weight and was somewhat surprised that his hon . and learned friend did not endeavour to procure the opinion of the Judges on a matter of such importance . expressed himself strongly in favour of the measure . The advantage of the milder system of criminal law was evident from the effect which it had produced in a neighbouring country . In the year 1802 he was in Amsterdam , and he learned , that for many years but two instances of capital punishment had occurred there . Imprisonment and hard labour were substituted for capital punishment ; 745 and it appeared that the most beneficial consequences had resulted from it . The House had in a recent instance a practical proof of the bad consequences arising from the law as it at present stood . He alluded to the case of the unfortunate man lately executed at Gloucester , in consequence of the reprieve having been mis-directed . This could not have occurred , if the contemplated alteration in the law bad taken place . The opinions of that great moralist Dr. Johnson , as well as of other eminent men , were in favour of the principle of these Bills , which he would most heartily support . supported the Bill . He expressed himself decidedly hostile to the attaching the punishment of death to offences of a comparatively trifling nature . Much practical ill had arisen from the criminal law , as at present constituted , by occasioning those numerous instances of perjury which every gentleman must be aware of . strongly objected to the principle of the ballot , which on being resorted to under this Bill in the year 1813 , would fall on a population diminished by there being taken from it 240,000 volunteers and local militia then in service , and the same number whose term of service would then have expired ; it would thus operate with increased pressure upon a population diminished by 480,000 , and would become a grievous burden upon this remaining circumscribed portion of the people . He objected to this the more strongly , because the object of the measure was to supply the regular army , and he thought it unjust , that particular individuals should be heavily taxed for this purpose , instead of the funds for it being supplied by the state . He regretted that Mr. Windham 's plan , productive in men as it proved to be in the first and only year of its operation should not have been 746 persevered in , but thought it would be better to dismiss the plan altogether , than to mix it with unlimited service , which he thought operated most unfavourably . contended , with reference to Mr. Windham 's plan , that there was no experience of its success , as the number of men produced in the year referred to , was to be attributed to the measure for filling up the second battalions alluded to last night by his noble friend ( viscount Sidmouth ) . With respect to the Bill , he contended , that it was not the fair way of putting the argument that the ballot was to be resorted to for the purpose of supplying the regular army , it being only to operate for the purpose of supplying men for home defence , in the room of those who had voluntarily entered the regular army . contended , that the success of Mr. Windham 's plan was progressive , it having produced in the first quarter at the rate of 10,000 men per annum ; on the second quarter at the rate of 13,000 ; the third , at the rate