must have embraced the entire defence of the peninsula in the first instance . At the commencement of the present campaign , it must have had for its object the protection of the kingdom of Portugal.—It now upholds Lisbon , and at some future day , a large proportion of the navy of England may be collected and employed to protect and receive the surviving combatant '' of the British army . The numbers and ' position of the British , the Portuguese , and the Spanish troops at Cartaxo and Chamusca , enabled the commander in chief to cover and extend his lines at Torres Vedras , and to carry on the works near Almeida , for the defence of the port of Lisbon . Within the confines of his power it is now incumbent upon me to describe the extent of the population he has to provide for , and the means for carrying so necessary a duty into execution . The military portion of the three armies , will require at least 90,000 rations each day . The population of the intermediate towns and ' villages , as well as Lisbon , must necessarily amount to 200,000 mouths , nearly-destitute of food : and the other inhabitants of Portugal , who had preceded the march of the allies , or joined them on their route , will perhapsexceed another 100,000 . The provisions , therefore , to be issued daily , without taking into account the marines and seamen on shore , or afloat in the-Tagus , will form a gross amount of nearly 400,000 rations . The stores , either of a public or private nature , in Lisbon , can not have been left , after so continued a warfare , in an abundant state . The desolation which prevails in war , must long ago have exhausted every article of life between Torres Yedras and the capital . The supplies , to sustain the efforts of the soldiers , and the existence of the inhabitants , must almost entirely depend upon water-carriage from foreign countries . America , as long as it suits her commercial advantages , and does not contravene her politics , may bring her flour ; the coasts of Africa can yet afford fresh meat ; and Ireland and England will yield and transport salted pork and beef , as well as hay , port wine , and many other necessary articles , to the shores of the Tagus . For ' the whole of which , the treasury of Eng land must provide the means of payment ; and for the most considerable part of these supplies , bullion , or bills of exchange , at a great loss of money , must be furnished , 207 The sums paid likewise to the Transport-office , for the general service of the army , can not be omitted , as that expense will not be found unimportant , it having contributed more than any other to the termination of the American war On the total loss of the British army , since the commencement of the continental war , by the sword , sickness , climate , and casualties , it is out of my power to form an accurate calculation . By returns only of the men sent to , and returned from Portugal , can the exact loss be precisely ascertained . But I think I may hazard a conjecture , that Great Britain , up to this time , will have sustained a diminution of her disposable force to the amount of more than 50,000 men . Another circumstance , which I have not hitherto mentioned , can not be passed over : When the Bank made a communication to government , late in the last year , of the difficulties which would occur in sending more bullion out of England , it was suggested that specie to a great amount might be procured at Cadiz , on its arrival from Spanish America ; but the distractions which prevail beyond the Atlantic , preclude the hope of much money being obtained from that quarter . On marshal Massena