, which was said to have occurred in consequence of this bigotry—the marriage of a brother and a sister , who were ignorant of their mutual relationship . This statement was , of course , warmly taken up by the Committee , and the debates which took place upon the subject were of such a nature that I will , for the reason I have already stated , refrain from reading them . If gentlemen have any curiosity to read the debates of this Committee , they will soon have an opportunity of doing it , for , I understand , they are about to be published , by the authority of the Committee , in a portable form . This case was referred to the Committee of Grievances : thus they proceeded , but the government still forbore to interpose . In the meantime , the Catholic Committee continued to meet from week to week , and sometimes twice a week : they adopted , as far as they could , all the forms of the House of Commons . Their debates were attended by shorthand writers , and were published regularly in the Irish newspapers . About the beginning of January a member of the Committee seated , that the Committee of Grievances had nearly prepared their report , which consisted of three hundred folio pages . At this time , the House 290 will recollect , that the purpose for which the Catholic Committee was originally appointed was effected ; the petition to Parliament had been prepared and agreed upon . It was proposed , that this report of the Committee of Grievances should be printed , that it might be circulated throughout Ireland ; and it was proposed , though by what means that was to be regularly effected , I really do not know to lay a copy of it on the table of this House . One of these grievances was , the number of offices which it was said Catholics were incapable of possessing , and which in this report , were made to amount to 32,000 . It can not be supposed , Sir , that during such proceedings as I have been detailing , Dublin was in a very tranquil state ; in fact they had produced a considerable effect upon the public mind , not only in Dublin ) but in every part of Ireland . The quiet and well disposed people , seeing that no steps had been taken to put a stop to such dangerous proceedings , began to think that the government of Ireland was really dissolved . Indeed , Sir , nothing could have justified the lord lieutenant , and those who had the honour to advise him , in their abstinence , but the expectation which they naturally entertained , that every meeting of this Committee would be the last . The right hon . and learned gent . has endeavoured to convince the House , that the Circular Letter of the Committee was matter of notoriety , and had been actually communicated to the public through the channel of tile Dublin newspapers ; but I defy the right hon . and learned gent . to shew that such was the fact . It is true , that in a debate which took place towards the end of December , some symptoms appeared of the intention of these gentlemen to increase their number ; but the right hon . and learned gent , is in an error , if he conceives that the intention was manifested in the decided manner which it afterwards assumed . In December a resolution was agreed to , desiring the secretary of the Committee to correspond with some gentlemen in the country , who were Friendly to their views , but not a word was said about any election . Afterwards , a guarded resolution was adopted , stating that an augmentation of the number of the Committee was desirable , and that the management of that augmentation should be vested in a Sub-committee . Still , however , not a word of the Circular Letter until the 19th of