great anxiety and irritation ; an act which nothing but absolute necessity could , in his opinion , justify . It was therefore incumbent on his Majesty 's ministers , if they wished to preserve the confidence of the country , to shew the existence of that necessity . He certainly was not himself much inclined to repose confidence in the administration of the right hon . gentleman opposite , and more especially as that administration regarded Ireland ; because he conceived that right hon . gentleman in that respect , to have proceeded on principles of the most mischievous tendency to both countries . But when it was found that his Majesty 's servants rummaged the darkest pages of the statute book , in order to inflict pains and penalties on persons who , however erroneous they might be in any particular act , were generally and substantially as meritorious subjects as any in the King 's dominions , it became necessary for parliament to interfere , and not to allow the security of a whole people to be endangered , without calling on those to whom the putting it to hazard was imputable for a full explanation of the motives by which they had been influenced . It was as true as it was extraordinary , that the steps lately taken by the Irish government had been preceded by no official statement , either on 19 the part of that or of the British government , of existing disturbances in Ireland ; on the contrary , the last notice that was taken of the state of Ireland by the right hon . gent . opposite , in that House , was a boast of its tranquillity.—With respect to the paper which had been laid before the House , he meant the Circular Letter of the secretary of the Catholic Committee , it contained no justification of the conduct of government ; it merely ascertained the fact of the existence in Ireland for a considerable time of a Catholic delegation . Now , he apprehended , that the mere fact of the existence of such a delegation , did not justify government in the execution of a law such as that which had been enforced . It was to him evident , that the legitimate object which the Catholics of Ireland had in contemplation , could be accomplished with much greater safety through the medium of a delegation than by a reference to the whole body of Catholics in that country . But admitting the supposition , to the truth of which he could not by any means assent , that the delegation was of an illegal nature , and had improper objects in view , the House ought to be informed whether his Majesty 's government had tried mild measures before they resorted to those of severity . It was necessary that the House should know whether any communication had been made to the individuals presumed to have offended against the law , previous to the adoption of a step by which , if it were followed up , a very large number of person , indeed would be deprived of their personal liberty . On the face of the paper which had been laid on the table of the House , there was nothing of an alarming nature ; on the contrary , it appeared to have been drawn up with a studious attention to mildness of expression , to decorous and respectful language , and with every necessary precaution to guard against any possible violation of the law . The authors of it seemed to have been anxious to do only what was necessary to prosecute , in a legal way , the objects of their petition . They expressly say , `` that no person , without a gross violation of the law , can be a representative or delegate : engaged as we are in a struggle for our legal and constitutional rights , it is our duty , as well as our inclination and decided determination not to violate the spirit , nor even the letter of the law . '' It was