necessary here , under all the circumstances of our metropolis . The Report affirmed another principle of the Bullion Committee , namely , that it was not merely the numerical quantity of bank paper which evinced either its deficiency or excess ; the true test being the disposition of the public to demand payment for bank notes in cash . At one time the Report observed that one hundred millions of Bank paper had circulated at Paris , and that there was not a note too much , because there occurred no extraordinary demands for cash ; but that at the period of the failure , 90 millions evidently were excessive ; that at the time of publishing the Report , 44 millions was the whole amount . Circumstances were described as occurring from time to time , which called for a diminution of currency , or an increase . The Bank of Sweden supplied another example which it might be useful to consider . It was not , properly speaking , a government bank , being a bank only of the States : and it issued its notes in the way of loan , at a moderate interest , and their amount , as he had been informed , there was reason to think had been much extended . This bank had ceased , for some time , to pay in cash , and its paper had fallen to about 70 per cent . discount . Sweden , in one respect , was circumstanced somewhat like ourselves : it had experienced great obstacles to the exportation 911 of many articles , with which it abounded ; and , probably , the desire of keeping up the nominal price of those commodities , contributed to dispose both the government , the states , and the people to the existing system . The public in Sweden , according to what he had heard , were not fully persuaded of the depreciation of their paper ; for many of their commodities , their iron in particular , had not risen in any proportion to the fall of their currency . Indeed , nations in general were usually insensible at first to the declension or the value of their circulating medium . They were accustomed to experience fluctuations of exchange , and they naturally referred , at first , even a serious depreciation of their paper , to the same commercial causes which they were in the habit of contemplating . He well remembered to hhve been himself , twenty or thirty years ago , employed in a Russian counting-house , where he had often heard conversations on the Russian exchange . It used at that time generally , and on the whole , to decline ; but as it occasionally rose , and evidently fluctuated a little , with each political or commercial event , the general tendency to depression , as far as he remembered , was never ascribed to an increase of the quantity of Russian paper ; but it was now plain , that quantity had had a leading and permanent influence upon it . The ruble , originally , was worth 48 pence Stirling ; at the time when he was in the Russian counting-house , it passed for 35 or 40 pence : it was now worth only 12 or 14 pence . Was it possible , that merely what is called balance of trade , or political events , could in thirty years have reduced the ruble from 48d . to 12d ? It was now perfectly well known , that the late empress , as well as the succeeding emperors of Russia , had , from time to time , greatly augmented the quantity of paper money ; and hence , in truth , arose the depression . Many of those who narrowly watched the exchange , were the most misled on the subject . Thus , if a man watched the falling tide , he might be deceived by seeing a few occasional waves rise higher than the preceding ones , and might infer that the tide was rising when it was falling .