not mistaken no less than 26 were neither brought to punishment nor even to trial ? Why then , either Ex Officio Informations had been applied to cases which in Blackstone 's opinion did not justify a resort to them , or twenty six enormous misdemeanours threatening the state with destruction , twenty six offences in 141 the punishment of which one moment 's delay might be ruin , had escaped unpunished and untried , and yet the crown was on the head of our lawful sovereign , their lordships and parliament were in full possession of their privileges , and the constitution and the country had escaped revolution and ruin , in spite of these successful and unpunished crimes , with which they were encompassed . It was preposterous to say that such occasions only had drawn forth the 42 Ex Officio Informations ; it would be childish and blind to notorious facts to deny , that they had been used for the purpose of intimidation and of influence . He wished to avoid the mention of particular instances , but when he found that in some instances the subordinate agents , the printer , the publisher , the editor , were informed against , and the author allowed to escape ; in others , all were proceeded against ; in others the authors only ; and when he compared the cases in which the opposite principles of proceeding had been adopted , his suspicions were strongly confirmed . The law undoubtedly enabled the crown to prosecute the writer , the publisher and vender of a libel , and though he thought that power was given it not exactly with the view , not exactly eo intuitu with which it had been often exercised , yet he knew that many thought otherwise . He had differed with many of his friends in private on this subject , and battled it with them , but he owned he was surprised to find that the ideal case , which they had frequently selected , to expose the danger of his system , of dropping all prosecution of the subordinate agents when the principal was discovered , had been really and in earnest selected by the Attorney General of this day to apply it . He then stated , that during lord Grenville 's administration there bad been but one information filed Ex Officio by his learned friend sir Arthur Piggott , to whom he must on many accounts always feel the strongest private affection and gratitude , but who was entitled to the public thanks of the country for his uniform and upright conduct both in and out of office , and who was in his humble judgment one of the first ornaments of his profession , and without exception as pure , as honourable and as constitutional a character as in the course of his life be had ever been connected with . He was a man he could not mention but to praise , he was one of whose merits he could never say so much as from the bottom of his heart he thought they were intitled 142 to . That constitutional lawyer had filed an information against the Morning Post for what appeared to him a libel of a nature to produce immediate mischief , perhaps mutiny itself , among our troops . It asserted that our troops were embarked in rotten transports , and it implied , at least so sir Arthur Piggott thought , that they were selected for the purpose because they were rotten and unsafe . If this were so , a worse libel there could not be , nor one which required more immediate prosecution . It happened , however , that before it came to trial the ministry was changed , and sir Vicary Gibbs , who succeeded his learned friend , entered very shortly afterwards a noli prosequi ; and why did he so ? because the author was given up . But he begged leave to observe , that though his name was surrendered , he was stated to be abroad , and no further proceeding was instituted .