just been appointed envoy extraordinary to . America . There was nothing in the manner in which the American minister , now about leaving this country , took his departure , that could give reason to any one to suppose such an interruption had occurred . Under these circumstances , he saw no reason for advising the Prince Regent to cause any papers on the subject to be laid before the House , which would not otherwise be produced . was glad to hear an answer so contradictory of what he had understood to be the case , but confessed , at the same time , that it was not sufficiently satisfactory to his mind , and that he must , therefore , reserve to himself the right of giving notice on some early day , of a motion for the necessary papers on this subject . in of Dublin , rose to second the address , and in doing so , begged leave to assure the House , that no case could possibly come before them which had stronger claims on their attention and their justice . They would recollect , that from the month of June , 1808 , to the month of March , 1810 , the distillation from grain had been prohibited ; the natural consequence of this was , that at the end of that period , there remained upon hand a very considerable stock of spirits distilled from sugar . The allowance of the distillation from grain must have sensibly affected the value of this stock bad that allowance been duly foreseen , but it took place contrary to all fair expectation ; its operations on the price of the sugar spirits were , of course , not only strong , but sudden ; and not only was the allowance granted , but the duty was reduced from 5s . 8d . to 2s . 6d . and consequently no time afforded for the disposal of the large stock of sugar spirits on hand , though the invariable rule was , that whenever any additional duty was put on spirits , the stock on hand was always excised , and therefore the persons concerned in the trade expected some regulation in case of a reduction of duty . In this case , however , there had been none , and therefore the stock became in general so much dead loss ; and he need scarcely remind the House of the sad effects of this was manifested in so melancholy a manner , by the unprecedented increase of bankruptcies last year in Dublin . The speculation in sugar-spirit had been very extensive in consequence of the confident and general expectation of the continuance of the prohibition ; all the speculators were severe sufferers , and those of them who had not large and extensive capitals , found themselves suddenly involved in inevitable bankruptcy . For these reasons he trusted the House would see the necessity of resorting to the speediest and most effectual means of compensating those who 115 had suffered at once so extensively and so unmeritedly . called the attention of the House to the subject matter of the proposition about to be submitted to them . There was a standing order of the House , that no petitions for money should be received , unless recommended by the crown . This was a motion co obtain compensation . Without the form of a petition , the same effect was intended to be produced . opposed the motion . No man could say mat the reduction of the duty upon spirits imposed any hardship upon any of the distillers . As it was done by act of parliament , it afforded them a fair notice of what was intended to be done . The stock of spirits was taken upon the same day the prohibition was enforced , and there were found to be 115,000 gallons ; and only 50,000 gallons were distilled under the higher duties . There was not then enough of spirits to answer the market in Ireland , so that the distillers found greater benefit in supplying it ,