allowed time to communicate with their constituents , and the people had an undoubted right to have the opportunity of making their opinions known . They possessed the privilege of being able to meet together for the purpose of instructing their representatives , and no obstruction ought to exist in the way of their free exercise of this valuable right . said , that until some case was made out of actual inconvenience under the present mode , he should not vote for any change in it . of Dublin said , that he could not agree with the right hon . gent . who spoke last , in thinking that no inconvenience had resulted from the present mode . He had had personal experience of many , affecting his constituents in particular , where measures were hurried through the House : amongst others , the Dublin Police Bill had not been treated with that consideration which it called for . Upon this and many other occasions , he 243 himself had in vain applied for time ; striking instance of the hurry and inadvertence which had prevailed in hurrying bills through that House , without due consultation with those who were more immediately to be affected by them , was , that when the magistrates were about to enforce a certain clause in the Wide-street Commissioners bill , they found , for the first time , that that very clause had been repealed by the provisions of the Dublin Coal bill , passed the preceding session . Such was the negligence and haste with which these bills had been hurried through that House . Circumstances of this nature could not but create that dissatisfaction and distrust , which it must be the wish of every honest man to remove . The effects were , however , but too obvious ; and the general complaint in all the public meetings in Dublin was , that any thing was attended to in the House of Commons but Irish business . was surprised to hear the hon . gent . who spoke last select the Dublin Police Hill as an instance of that hurry and neglect of which he had complained . That Bill was brought into the House some time before Easter , and was not passed into a law till some time after Easter . What had appeared so very absurd in the repeal of the clause of the Wide-street Commissioners Bill by the Dublin Coal Bill , would not be thought so extraordinary when it was known that 'the Wide-street commissioners fund was principally supplied by the product of a duty on coals ; here however it was evident that the hon . gent . 's observations could not apply , because that Bill was a private Bill , and therefore its delay could not have been owing to those alledged inconveniences which the resolution of the right hon . bart . meant to remedy . in explanation said , that he meant the Paving Bill . had the satisfaction of knowing that the Bill alluded to by the last speaker , so far from having been hurried through the House improperly , had been brought in on the 17th of February , and postponed for various reasons to the 14th of April , and even then it had been still further postponed . Neither the Police nor the Paving Bill bore the hon . member out in his statements . When such charges were brought forward , he was anxious that it should be proved there were solid grounds for them , or that they should be flatly contradicted , that it might be known 244 not only here but in the sister kingdom , that they had no foundation . He defied the hon . bart . to name one Irish Bill which had been hurried through the House , if an Irish member had wished it to be deferred . If the hon . baronet could not do this , he would not consent that the House should throw a slur on itself , and , by acceding to such a motion , seem to evince