it pleases . All I ask is , that the Attorney General and those gentlemen who are so tremblingly alive to the heinous nature of libels in some instances , will practise something like impartiality in their selection . If they are actuated by the purest of motives ; if their object in the prosecution of libels is solely their regard for the state , a respect for public decency and the preservation bonorum morum , how happens it , Sir , that these considerations never affect them but when the person offending differs in politics from the Minister of the day ? I fear , Sir , I have already trespassed too long upon the indulgence of the House . I hope I have said enough to convince the House of the exorbitancy of the power exercised by the Attorney General . I call for the production of the 569 Papers upon these three distinct grounds : 1st , That even if the law had not been altered , the state of things being altered , the Privilege ought to be investigated : 2ndly , That the law having been altered , inquiry is thereby rendered more necessary , and particularly as the alteration has been introduced by the Attorney General himself : 3dly , That the House may examine whether what I have asserted be true ; namely , that the proceeding by Information has been exercised vexatiously and partially . I shall now conclude with moving , `` For an Account of all Prosecutions for Libel by Information ex officio since the 1st of January 1801 , together with all proceedings had thereupon , specifying the dates of the publication of the said alleged Libels , and of the proceedings had upon each respectively . '' rose , and said , that though the noble lord had not expressly called in question the right of the individual holding the office which he had the honour to fill , to institute a criminal process by filing Informations ex officio , yet the whole drift and bearing of his argument , and the great object of the motion with which he had concluded , were directed against that right . For himself , he had no hesitation to say , that he would be the last man to contend , that , if an officer in his situation should so far lose sight of his duty , as to act upon the right legally and constitutionally vested in him in a partial manner , or to the injury and oppression of individuals whose political principles might be obnoxious to him , he ought not to be as responsible as if his conduct was wholly illegal . But while admitting the responsibility under which he acted , he trusted , that he should experience the indulgence of the House in repelling the charges which had been thus ground lessly brought against him ; and he was confident he should be able to satisfy every hon . member who heard him , that , in the exercise of the power he possessed he had not so misconducted himself as to render it necessary for parliament to interfere , to modify or restrain the power itself . In the first place , he must remark , that he was persuaded , that the noble lord himself , would do him the justice to acknowledge , that no official impediment had been thrown in his way from any quarter , to prevent his obtaining the fullest information on the subject of his motion . Not only had the noble lord had the ac- 570 cess , to which he was entitled , to the records of the office , but instructions had been given to the different officers to facilitate his inquiries , and to save him from the unavoidable embarrassment which the multiplicity of documents might otherwise have occasioned , by directing his attention to those papers particularly , from which he could obtain the most satisfactory information . Under these circumstances and by such official assistance the noble lord had qualified himself to lay before the House an accurate statement of