payments for sums under 10l . were of necessity made in coin , there was always therefore a prodigious stock of coin in circulation . Business could not be carried on without it , and the truth of the doctrine was fully illustrated , that a country will always have as much coin as it wants , provided no impolitic act of legislation interferes to force it out of circulation . While there was this large stock of coin in the country , it was always at hand , for the purpose of being collected by the Bank whenever circumstances occasioned runs upon them . In 1782 , and 1793 , the drains upon the Bank of England are stated in the Reports of the Secret Committees of 1797 to have exceeded the drain of 1797 . Yet the Bank was able in those years to encounter and get over their difficulties . The reason was , that there was an abundance of coin in circulation , and they had only to pay for it , and were able to obtain it to any amount . After the law enabling the Bank to issue 5 pound notes had been in operation a few years the state of the case became quite different . The 5 pound notes issued by the Bank of England and country Banks displaced as much coin as was equal in amount to the issue of them . The stock of coin was thus materially diminished , and the proportion between paper and coin was no longer that proportion under which 1046 the paper system had before flourished ; but was one that placed it on a new foundation , by taking away the facility with which the Bank had been able to obtain coin to meet all demands made upon them to give it in payment for their paper . When , therefore , the panic of invasion in 1797 led to a run on the Bank of England , it was unable to find the coin it wanted , and got into that state of difficulty , which induced Mr. Pitt to advise the restriction of their paying in coin . Whenever , therefore , we are to apply a remedy to the present state of things , I conceive it will be necessary to re-establish the limitation of Bank-notes to an amount not less than 1l . ; because , without doing so , I am sure we shall be liable to be again called on for new restrictions of cash payments . I can not agree in opinion with an hon . member ( Mr. Huskisson ) who in his very able pamphlet on this subject has thrown out , that we are to expect a recurrence of similar circumstances , such as existed in 1797 , and which may again compel government , to afford , to the Bank a temporary protection against the demands that may be made upon it for gold . For I conceive that it is a most , extraordinary position to lay down , that , in a country so opulent as this is , and among whose inhabitants there is so much industry , talent and capital , it can not so manage its circulating medium , as to be able to provide against the necessity of having recourse to the dangerous expedient of taking from it the only attribute that gives it a proper value . I can not for my own part discover any eason for such a doctrine , and I am , quite sure that if the legislature does its duty , and imposes an effectual limitation , in the manner I have described , on the issue of Bank paper , it will completely relieve us from all future similar embarrassments . There is another doctrine which has been advanced by the hon . member ( Mr. Horner ) and the hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) , to which I can not subscribe . I mean the doctrine of the institution of the Bank of England having been a measure of the soundest policy and greatest wisdom .