their behalf , petitions for the removal of all such penalties and disabilities as affect those of their persuasion . '' They then resolve , `` That not having received any appointment , except of the nature and for the : performance of a single specific object , viz . the preparing the petition to parliament , the Committee confidently felt that it could not , by any forced and oppressive construction , be placed within the meaning of the law called the Convention Act . '' Now , let me ask , is this the meeting which the Irish government described as coming within the purview of the Convention Act ? Sir , if the assembled Catholics were really what they stated themselves to be in their for the performance of a single and specific object , as already stated , it confidently feels that it can not , by any forced and oppressive construction , be placed within the meaning of the law called the Convention Act . `` Resolved therefore , That this Committee , impressed with a deep sense of the unjustifiable and unmerited degradations and disabilities which affect those of their communion , as well as with a strong feeling of the duty they owe to those who have entrusted said petitions to their management , do now pledge themselves to each other and to their fellow sufferers , unremittingly to persevere in , and never to abate from any constitutional effort , until they shall finally achieve their common freedom ; an event which can now alone afford to those attached to their native land , any certain prospect of maintaining , unbroken and invincible , the integrity and independence of the British Islands . `` Resolved , That the foregoing Resolutions be published . `` FFRENCH , Chairman . '' `` Sir EDWARD BELLEW , bart in the Chair : `` Resolved , That our most particular thanks are justly due and hereby returned to the lord Ffrench , for his dignified , manly , spirited , and constitutional conduct , on this and every other occasion , in the pursuit of Catholic freedom . `` EDWARD HAY , Sec , '' 307 resolutions at this meeting , the Irish government would be the last men in the empire to molest them . The meeting which we said came within the purview of the Convention Act , was one which claimed the sole management of all the affairs of the Catholics of Ireland ; and was composed , not only of the members delegated by the aggregate body of the Catholics to frame a petition , but by others elected under writs issued by the persons so delegated.—There was a circumstance which occurred at the subsequent meeting of the 2d inst. , rather of a curious nature , and one which I should have thought would have stuck the right hon . and learned gent . : one of the most violent of the supporters of the claims of the Catholics , a major Bryan , stated , that it was his intention to have proposed an address to the Regent , praying him to dismiss the Duke of Richmond , but that he had been informed by his friends , that he could not do it in the Committee , which was appointed for a specific purpose ; and that be would , therefore , defer his motion until an aggregate meeting should be assembled . Is this a proof that the Committee had reasserted all that it had asserted before ? Is this any thing like the assumption of the sole management of all the affairs of the Catholics , by persons speaking the sense , and . declaring the wishes of all the Catholics of Ireland ? With regard to major Bryan 's bringing forward this motion at an aggregate meeting , I , for one , can have no objection to it : he has . a perfect constitutional right to do it if he thinks proper . The Catholic Committee , on the 2d inst . * resolved , that the petition should be engrossed * `` At