Great Britain and Ireland , which is the great channel of the commerce of the latter , has not been impeded , except in one instance , and the deficiency must therefore be attributed to other and different causes . 4 . '' That the expenses of collection and management of the revenues of Ireland have advanced in a most striking degree , particularly since the year 1807 . That the amount of deductions on this account from the revenue , customs , excise , and inland taxes of Ireland , in its passage to the Exchequer , has risen from 416,000l. , at which it stood in 1807 , to more than 720,000l . in the last year ; out of which sum 227,000l . were absorbed in the incidental expenses of the two , boards to which the direction of these departments was intrusted ; and that it appears , that in 1807 those duties were collected at a charge of 10l . 16s percent , in the customs , and of 8l . 15s . in the excise , and taxes on their net revenue ; whereas that charge has risen in 1810 to more than 25 per cent , on the net produce of the customs , and more than 16 percent , on that of the excise and inland taxes applicable to the public services of the year . '' said , before he entered into that part of the discussion which immediately related to himself , he would observe , that though , in the main , the statements of the right hon . bart . were not very wide of the mark , yet he could not permit his resolutions , in the present state of the question , to go forth from the chair of that House to the public . A right hon . friend of his , who used occasionally to make observations on the subject of Irish finance , never brought any motion forward unless the papers connected with it were first laid on the table . In the present instance , the House were not possessed of a single paper by which their judgment might be directed . And certainly it would not be prudent to accede to the proposition , when there was no information before them , and when no notice had been given of an intention to enter into so extensive a subject . Under these circumstances , he was sure the right hon . bart . would not be surprised at his objecting to the motion , since it was not right that statements , which might ultimately prove not altogether correct , 427 should go out to the public unexplained . The right hon . bart . had asserted , that the ordinary revenue of Ireland had fallen short of the expenditure 1,700,000l . That revenue he had stated at 3,647,000l . ; which was not correct . It amounted in reality to 3,880,000l . This error arose from the right hon . bart . having omitted the extraordinary resources of revenue , the returns of which , however , were as regular as those of any other part . He had also omitted the sum produced by the lottery , and by a number of repayments which bad been recently made . When the right hon . bart . deducted the sum of 278,000l . which was produced by these extraordinaries , from the deficit which he had stated , he would find there was not so great a falling off as he had imagined . He allowed that the state of Ireland was such as to require all the consideration and ability of that House to investigate her financial situation . He would not have been at all surprised , if the right hon . bart . had been incorrect in his statement to the amount of a few thousand pounds ; but when the House were told of the debt of Ireland being greater than her revenue , when the ruined state of that country was attempted to be shewn , then indeed the subject required the deepest attention .