. friend is an instance , added to many others I have met with , of a person with the best and purest intentions pursuing an object appearing to him to be a right one , without looking to the consequences of what he publishes to the world . In speaking of the Bank of England he says , `` It is now many years since I had occasion to look into the treatise of the famous Mr. Law ; and from not having it at hand , I have no opportunity of referring to it at this moment : But I have a confident recollection that there exists a very strong resemblance between the principles 882 upon which his celebrated scheme was founded , and this leading doctrine of the Bank . `` * —Let us , therefore , refer to what were the principal features of Mr. Law 's celebrated scheme . His bank was first established in 1716 ; and , in 1717 , by an Order in Council , the Western or Mississippi Company was created , and attached to it , with a grant of all Louisiana , a province utterly uncultivated and of no real value , which was the basis for the establishment of its credit . Those who took shares were allowed to pay a part in state-paper , at a depreciation of 54l . to 60l . per cent . In 1718 they were declared royal . The Regent then became the sole proprietor of the shares : Mr. Law was named director , under the King , and Regent , and from that time a stroke of the Regent 's pen was all-sufficient for whatever was to be done . In the end of that year , batiks , dependent upon this , were established in several great towns . In 1719 , the interest of money was reduced to 3½ and 2½ , and at last to 2 per cent. , keeping the value of money in a state of constant fluctuation by contradictory edicts . In 1720 , there was an edict , that no corporation or individual was to keep more than 500 livres in specie , on pain of a heavy fine and confiscation of the cash discovered ; and the officers of justice were ordered to make all the searches required of them by the directors of the Bank . At an assembly of stock-holders ( the Regent being present ) a benefit of 120 millions of profit , and 40l . per cent . as the next year 's dividend , were held out . Then followed a prohibition to all persons in France , corporations and others , to keep any coin in gold after the 1st of May 1711 , on pain of confiscation . On the 21st of May a reduction of half the shares was ordered ; and on the 27th an order was made to restore paper to its full value ; but all payments at the Bank were suspended : * By this is meant the declared opinion , `` That there can be no excess of Bank of England paper in circulation , so . long as it is issued only in the discount of bills of undoubted solidity , founded on real mercantile transactions ; and payable at fixed , and not distant dates ( 60 or 90 days at the utmost ) , or upon loans to Government for public securities ; Government not being able to dispose of such securities to butter advantage in the open market , '' 883 —Of course it was not long before this scheme , founded entirely in speculation , and which never had any solid basis , entirely failed . The premium which the shares bore at one time was so excessive , that the value of the whole mass is calculated by M. Necker at six milliards of livre conceive , equal to about 230,000,000l . sterling . Where my hon . friend finds any resemblance between the principles on which this celebrated scheme was founded , and the leading doctrine of the Bank of England ,