obscure . The Estimate of the Ordinaries of the Navy was 1,578,413l. , but as this account must be credited with the sum arising from the sale of old stores , & c. he should propose a Resolution including only the balance . He therefore moved , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee , that a sum not exceeding 712,041l . 18s.6d . be granted to his Majesty for defraying the ordinary expences of the Navy , for the year 1811 . '' wished to call the attention of the Committee to the services of that brave and valuable body of men , the Royal Marines , whose courage and fidelity , whether afloat or ashore , had ever been proved in the strongest manner , and justly entitled them to the protection of the Community , The officers of the Royal Marines did not possess the advantages enjoyed by the officers of the army . There were 35,000 marines , but only 43 376 or 44 field officers . Now the Artillery ( which was a corps analogous in character ) , consisted of only 17,000 men ; but there were more than double the number of field officers than there were in the marine service . Many of the senior captains of the royal marines had served 32 years ; 17 of them as subalterns . There was not a captain in the artillery who had served more than 16 years . It was a great mortification to many of the officers of this valuable corps , to see a number of individuals admirals and generals , who were not in the service when they first entered upon it . It might be said , that owing to the few marines that were embarked in each ship , a small number of field officers was sufficient ; but , in reply to this , he would ask , whether all officers in the navy and army , who were promoted to the rank of admiral and general , were so promoted because it was necessary to employ them ? It was impossible but that this meritorious body of men must experience the greatest disappointment at not obtaining that which was the strongest stimulus and the dearest hope of the military profession—promotion after long and arduous service . He trusted that the Admiralty would be disposed to consider their claims , and to afford to them the relief which was their due . cordially coincided in the sentiments of the hon . gent . with respect to the persevering gallantry and extensive utility of the royal marines . By the statement of the hon . gent . it would appear as if that corps , having been once on a similar footing with the army , had recently been placed in a situation of inferior advantage . The fact was , however , that they had been many years on the same footing as that on which they were at present . Respecting promotion , it ought to be considered that the officers of the Royal Marines were not permitted to purchase any of their commissions , as the officers of the army were ; but as to rank , he was much misinformed if that did not keep pace with the standing of the marine officer , and if he did not by brevet rank with the major and with the colonel of the land army . However great his sense of the merits of this valuable and highly respectable corps , yet it appeared to him , from the nature of their service , that it would be impossible , with a view to public economy , by any great increase of field officers , to place them on the 377 same footing as the officers of the army , and that for the cause hinted at by the hon . gent , namely , that the services of field officers on board a ship were not necessary . At the same lime it had been under the consideration of the Admiralty to find some means of augmenting the number of field officers in