, that is enforced by authority . In fact , it might easily be 1110 shown , that our paper wealth , instead of lessening the real coin , has , a tendency to increase it ; that instead of being a substitute for money , it only facilitates its entry , its exit , and its circulation ; that it is the symbol of prosperity , not the badge of distress . Never was a scarcity of cash and an exuberance of paper a subject of complaint in this nation . '' These were the characteristics of the paper of the Bank of England , when Mr. Burke contrasted it with the assignats of France . Its convertibility into specie upon demand , was suspended by the act of 1797 , on grounds which it is not now necessary to discuss . The suspension was , for a series of years , unattended with , any symptoms that indicated depreciation . And it must be our wish , as well as our interest , to believe , ( what from reasoning also appears most probable , ) that this suspension alone , if not followed up by excessive issue , might have endured , as long as the political circumstances of the state might have rendered its endurance necessary , without producing that effect . But if that effect has been produced , as seems to be established beyond the possibility of contradiction , let us not , instead of attempting to correct it , endeavour rather to palliate its evils , and to reconcile ourselves to its consequences . Even under the change produced by the temporary suspension of cash payments , let us remember , that the essential and fundamental principles upon which the character and the utility of Bank paper rest , are those described in the extract which I have just quoted from Mr. Burke . Let us not , under the pressure of what has been always considered as a temporary necessity , and in the despair of meeting what I trust is no more than a transitory and as yet a curable evil , abjure this language and these doctrines of Mr. Burke , and adopt in their stead the cant and sophistry of those against whom his arguments were directed . Far be it from me to imagine that between the notes of the Bank of England and the assignats of the National Assembly , there now exists that resemblance of which Mr. Burke in 1791 denied and disproved the existence ! But in proportion as I am satisfied that the Bank note is of a different nature from the assignat , in that proportion do I dislike to bear them defended by the same arguments . `` Ce n'est pas l ' assignat qui perd , c'est l'argent qui gagne , '' was the motto and the doctrine of 1111 a treatise , published in Paris during the reign of the National Assembly , for the purpose of maintaining the credit of assignats , by accounting for the difference between their nominal and exchangeable values . `` It is not the Bank note which loses , but the dollar which gains , '' is the argument by which we have heard the rise in the denomination of the dollar explained : `` It is not paper which has fallen , but gold which has risen , '' is the argument which has filled all the pamphlets and all the speeches which we have read and heard upon this subject . The arguments are identically and undistin-guishably the same : —I wish that any of my honourable friends who maintain the undepreciated state of our paper currency , could satisfy me and the country that there is some essential difference in their mode of applying them . I wish they could show me that the doctrine of the French pamphlet might be false , while that of the English pamphlets and of their own speeches is true . I do not need to be reminded of the many essential differences in the circumstances of the two paper currencies . I am here