, of which there were accounts before the Committee . I will not say that no instance can be found which militates against that experience ; but I am perfectly sure that an increased foreign expenditure does not necessarily augment our exports . This is proved to a certainty , by the observations already made on a passage in the Report of the Bullion Committee . Mr. Wheatly , however , in his Essay on the Theory of Money and Principles of Commerce , goes somewhat be-yond my hon . friend ; for he says , `` It is not only practicable that the posture of a subsidy should be so favourable as to preclude the efflux of money ; but it is practicable that it should be favourable to such an extent as to cause the influx of money in any quantity at the very time the subsidy is in payment : '' Which he illustrates by stating , `` that the Prussian subsidy was paid , 500,000l . in bills at an advantage of 20,000l . ; and 700,000l . in bullion to a disadvantage of 10,500l. , which produced together 1,209,000l . But as its exclusive remittance in bills would have given to the court of Berlin 1,248,000l . it is impossible to frame any adequate apology for the singular interposition of the bullion : and as it is evident that Mr. Harman would not , of his own accord , have selected this channel for the remittance , it is necessary to refer to the Bank of England for an explanation of his conduct . '' Why this reference is made to the Bank of England it is difficult to guess ; they were merely the sellers of the dollars when called upon for them ; and had no more to do with the rest of the transactions than Mr. Wheatly himself . Mr. Harman , who was resorted to as a merchant of the first intelligence and experience in the city , was the sole adviser ; he , of his own accord , ( to use the author 's words ) selected the channel of remittance alluded to , and he did it wisely and prudently : I mention him confidently as the adviser , because he is still living and may be referred to . I will briefly state the case as it was . Nearly half a million was to be remitted to Berlin by a given day . Mr. Harman , aware of what must inevitably 887 happen if one house should sweep away all the paper that was to be had , to answer a demand so pressing , took the determination of proceeding in the manner so strongly objected to by Mr. Wheatly ; the consequence of which was the exchange rose and the price of silver fell . The silver first sent was bought of the Bank at 5s . 1d . an ounce , and afterwards as low as 4s . 11d. , which was exchanged at Amsterdam and Hamburgh for gold , and the latter sent on to Burlin . The exchange rose from 34.7 early in June 1794 , soon after the first payment was to be made , to 35.10 in August . Such a charge however , against Mr. Pitt in a transaction of this sort , is not very surprizing from a gentleman * who could say of him , `` Mr. Pitt evinced a singular disac-quaintance with the principles of public ( economy ; and as all practice must be imperfect , unless the grounds upon which it should proceed be understood , he was necessarily erroneous in action . Of the real resources of his country , of the theory of circulation and exchange , and of the governing cause of the efflux and influx of money , his conceptions were wholly illusive ! All the fond and idle sophisms of the old school , —all the fallacies of a Stewart , a Liverpool and a Rose , —respecting the importance and indispensable intervention of money , had complete possession of his mind , and every effort which he made