way of the French army . Lord Wellington , with the allied forces , was posted in the neighbourhood of that fortress . I can not help remarking to the committee , at this moment , the fondness of the majority of the gentlemen opposite , of calling in , upon a variety of occasions , the assistance of great authorities . We too have our military authorities ; and we regard the conduct of the duke of Marlborough , of prince Eugene , and of the king of Prussia , in as 200 high a point of value and consideration , as those hon . gentlemen do the sayings of lord Coke , judge Holt , and Mr. Justice Blackstone . The duke of Marlborough and prince Eugene considered the investiture of Lisle as a difficult operation , after they had weakened the French power , and driven it from the field . The first illustrious character commanded the army of observation , and prince Eugene superintended the works directed against the place . Notwithstanding this combination of power and talent , Lisle made a gallant defence , and , by a protracted fall , averted the evils which seemed to threaten France . Yet in the presence of the allied army , Ciudad Rodrigo did not make a long defence , and marshal Massena pressed forwards to the Portuguese frontier . By a variety of channels of information , the people of England were made acquainted with the superior numbers of the French cavalry , and that the plains laying around Ciudad Rodrigo were unfavourable to the operations of an army , whose principal force consisted of infantry . But it was represented that the rivers and the mountains , in the vicinity of Almeida , presented a different scene of action , and more sanguine hopes of the failure of the French , in the attack of that place , were consequently entertained by the Portuguese and the British nations . It is natural to suppose that , previous to the attack of the enemy , the place was thoroughly inspected ; that the works were strengthened as much as possible , and that the best means were adopted to enable the garrison to make a long defence . Lord Wellington undoubtedly had the option of defending the fortress , and the selection of the troops , for maintaining Almeida , which some writers have staled to be the strongest and largest place on the frontier of Portugal . On the approach of the French , the rear guard of lord Wellington fell back over the river Coa , and Almeida was invested . I can not help reminding the committee of the examinations which took place within these walls , with respect to the Walcheren expedition , in the course of the last session of parliament . That enterprise , it must be recollected , received the thanks of this House ; and , in the course of the proceedings to which I have alluded , it appeared that some officers , and some ministers , vaunted their own vigour , in being prepared to produce and open forty pieces of heavy cannon against Antwerp , within the period 201 of twenty days , in ease a landing had been effected upon the continent . Let us candidly survey the facilities and the difficulties which presented themselves to the British and the French on these two occasions . The English possessed the most ample naval means that the history of the world can produce , to transport the apparatus necessary for any siege to the continent , and the contiguity of Woolwich to the water is well known , and favourable to such a design . The French had to struggle against every difficulty , arising from a tedious land carriage—hostile and exasperated country—bad roads—and poverty of every description . Yet we discovered , I believe , in our own accounts of that transaction , that against the fortress of Almeida , they opened their fire from 63 pieces of heavy ordnance , and that Almeida surrendered after a defence of 48 hours . If any