before 1797 , taught us in such cases to retort . He was aware that before 1797 , if our coin was sent abroad , it went illegally . ( A cry of Hear ! Hear ! ) The illegality of the transaction , however censurable it might render the individuals engaged in it , was no reason for dismissing the consideration of this part of the subject . It was by this illegal melting and exportation of our coin that the drain on the Bank used heretofore to be produced ; and it was by the operation of that drain on the mind and practice of Bank Directors , that the evil of a high price of gold , and an unfavourable exchange , was checked . It was affirmed in the Resolutions to be proposed by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) , that there was a want of correspondence between the amount of bank paper in circulation at a variety of periods , and the state of the exchanges , the exchanges being often more favourable when the notes were higher , and less favourable when they were lower in amount . This might be the case in certain instances which might be selected ; for a variety of undefinable circumstances would lead to little fluctuations , both in the exchange and the amount of notes . It , however , was remarkable , that three cases had occurred , and only three within the memory of persons now living , in which the experiment of a restriction of discounts had been made ; and in each of these the effect had been conformable to the principles which he was affirming . He meant to say , that at three several times—namely , 1st in 1782 and 1783 ; 2dly , in the end of 1795 and the beginning of 1796 ; and 3rdly , in February 1797 ; and only at these three times the Bank had experienced a material drain of their cash ; —that in each of these cases they had been led by the drain , as they themselves professed , to restrain their supply of discounts ; —and that not long alter each of these three periods , the exchange and the price of bullion manifestly improved . Perhaps a question might arise , whether the improvement of the exchange through the year 1797 , might not be referred to the restriction of paper in 1795 and 1796 , rather than to that in the single month of February 1797 : on which supposition the cases might be said to be two , instead of three ; the effect of the limitations in the two latter periods being considered as combined . 904 That in the first period , namely , in 1782 and 1783 , the experiment both was made and answered , was proved by the testimony of the late Mr. Bosanquet before the Secret Committee of 1797 , who referred the improvement to this cause . The improvement of the exchange in 1796 , and 1797 would be seen in the papers now before the House , and would also be found to be stated in the evidence of Mr. Pitt before the Secret Committee ; by whose testimony it also would appear how earnestly the Bank had previously insisted on his repaying them some large advances , on the alledged ground of the existing drain ; of which advances only a part was afterwards afforded in the way of accommodation to the merchants . A , resolution of a new and very strict kind had been passed by the directors , on the 31st December 1795 , with a view of limiting the total amount of mercantile discount , and served remarkably to shew how much their liberality had been restrained , before the suspension of cash payments , by a drain of gold . The limitation of paper in February 1797 was sudden and very great , and arose from a drain occasioned , not by an unfavourable change , but a totally distinct cause—an alarm produced through fear of an invasion . He