were shut against our commerce , which alone was a much more considerable cause of distress than the overtrading to the continent of South America ? and though they denominated the latter a temporary inconvenience , were they not sensible that the former was an evil of a permanent description ? Not one word was , however , said of this evil being the origin of our distress : indeed a noble viscount had that night observed that our trade had suffered from the malignant spirit of our enemy ; but he had omitted to name another source , namely , our own policy , which in destroying our amity with the continent of North America , had tended most materially to affect the prosperity of our commerce . The policy of ministers had led to a fatal calamity in the commercial world . When in office , he and his friends had been attacked because they were unwilling to have recourse to measures of retaliation . 536 It was not from any hesitation to oppose the measures of the enemy that they forebore to retaliate , but they abstained from acts of retaliation out of regard for the salvation of the merchant . What they apprehended , the kind 's ministers had since experienced to be true , and one part of their avowed boast had been woefully verified to the cost of the merchant ; for this country , to use their own expression , was become the general storehouse and repository for the produce of the world . These triumphant predictions had come to pass , and the consequence of them was , the merchants and manufacturers were obliged to approach the bar of parliament with uplifted hands , and implore relief for that distress which they had incurred through the weak and short sighted policy of the present administration . But still our exclusion from the continent , or the interruption of our amity with North America , was not , in his judgment , the sole cause of his distress ; there was another material source from whence our commercial calamities had arisen . We had been for some time making efforts to which our strength was not competent , and when they would have ceased from principles of limited resources and natural restriction , they were still continued by artificial means Perhaps the great facility of obtaining fictitious capital through the extended issue of bank paper , had led to the evil of the present day . While the Bank of England was not permitted to in rease the circulation of their paper currency , the evil was likely to correct itself . But that system of loan , and that facility of credit which he had long known and experienced as injurious to the country 's welfare , had continued to increase the issue of bank paper , and to depreciate the circulating medium of the kingdom . It was thus that fictitious capitals were raised , and unnatural efforts made lo extend commerce ; and as that commerce became extended , still more paper was unavoidably issued to supply the want of fresh capital . Thus then paper and overtrading reciprocally acted upon each other—the issue of bank paper created a spirit of over-trading—the effects of over-trading rendered a still further issue of paper indispensible—and the consequences of both had been the depreciation of the circulating medium , and the commercial distresses now proposed to be relieved . He was not disposed to impute the smallest blame to the Bank of England ; it was a corpo- 537 ration , and its directors , as its servants , were bound to consider and promote the interest of the bank , but responsible by no obligation of particular duly to the public or to the government . It appeared , however , since this system of policy had been adopted by the government , that the advantages gained by the bank had been immense : their stock having increased in value to the extent of 150l . per cent . whilst the stock of nearly every other company or commercial corporation had deteriorated