every mind which is not blinded by enthusiasm , completely annihilated . Such is the result of a system founded upon the principle , of attempting to subdue Buonaparté by the force of your armies on the continent ; such is the result which you have brought upon yourselves , by acting throughout as principals in a contest , which you undertook as auxiliaries only . Will any man say that this has been a wise system ? will any man who is not determined , under any circumstances , to support the measures of a weak and misguided government , contend that it has been successful ; that it has answered either the promises to your allies , or the hopes to your countries ; that it has either contributed to their security or to your own benefit ? —I shall be condemned for endeavouring to throw discredit on the conduct of our troops . Sir , if I am so condemned , it will be unjust towards me . I condemn not the troops or the commander ; I applaud them , I admire their valour , I venerate their 405 deeds , I am proud as an Englishman to bear my testimony to them , but I do deprecate , and I shall never cease to deprecate , the cruel manner in which their valour has been lost to this country and to Europe . Sir , we have been reproached on this side of the House , with hazarding false predictions ; we have been taunted with having held out to the country the ultimate failure of our objects in Spain . Sir , I am prepared to defend at this moment such predictions ; I still maintain that you will not and can not by such a system either relieve your allies or benefit yourselves ; that in pursuing it , the former must surrender , and you will ( if you are not already ) be placed in a situation of the most imminent peril.—It is not enough for gentlemen to reproach us for such predictions , by saying they have not yet come to pass ; it is incumbent upon those who maintain that success has attended their system , to prove it to the satisfaction of the House and of the country ; to prove how far the cause of our allies has been supported , or the interests of Great Britain preserved.—Sir , I shall take the liberty now of adverting to those arguments which have been advanced by the chancellor of the exchequer , and others , upon this and former occasions , in defence of this system , and in proof of the advantageous situation in which we are placed at this moment by our contest in Portugal . I shall most particularly refer to a speech made a few nights ago , by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) at too late a period in the night to enable me to make such reply to it as I thought it required , but with his permission I shall now state the points which he so emphatically and so eloquently described , and I shall be able to shew , that so far from our situation or our prospects , being improved , they have gradually diminished , and are now become , in my judgment , hopeless towards Spain.—The first argument was maintained on the ground that the contest in Spain checked the ambitious views of Buonaparté on the Continent.—Is it meant by such an argument , to say that it has checked these views , or that it is now arrived at such a state as to impede his further objects ? if the former , let me bring before the House , the views he has disclosed , and the objects he has accomplished during the course of this contest.—Has he not completely subjugated the empire of Germany ? Has he not created kings , deposed kings , parcelled out kingdoms , 406 destroyed kingdoms , added dominions to his own ? What is his situation at this moment , is he