any measure in which he was concerned . There were always a sufficient number of gentlemen present , connected with the right hon . gent. , who could ac quaint him with what was said . said , that he had his information from the newspapers . It was so like the manner of the hon . gent , however , that he had supposed it correct . He had alluded to it , however , in perfect good humour , and now believed the hon . gent . had not said it . could not answer for a newspaper statement . said , that the motion now before the House being one calling for documents , which it was necessary to be in possession of , in order to form a definitive judgment on the legality and policy of the conduct of the Irish government , he should confine his observations wholly to what had fallen from the right hon . gent . in ac- 311 cusation of the Catholic Committee . With respect to the speeches of the members of the `` Committee which he had read , the House could not allow them to he considered as evidence to criminate the acts or intentions of the Committee . It was too well known how difficult it was to report with perfect accuracy every thing that passed in debate in the limited columns of a newspaper , to permit the justness of selecting particular expressions to prove guilt against any particular speaker , or the society to which he might belong . It was only by the formal resolutions of the Committee that its true character could be understood ; and it was therefore to these resolutions , which the right hon . gent . had read , that the House could in fairness have reference in forming its opinion . Now what did these resolutions contain of a seditious or criminal nature ? One , the right hon . gent . says , is a resolution appointing a Committee of Grievances . Where did he learn that such a Committee existed ? it is true that a Sub-committee was appointed to draw up a statement of the disabilities to which the Catholic body were subject under the still existing penal laws . But this Committee was not called by those who formed it , a Committee of Grievances ; when they learnt it was so described , it is to be seen , that in one of their debates they formally disavowed this title of it . It was , in fact , a title given to it by their enemies ; and it is not easy to understand why the right hon . gent , has thought proper to adopt and repeat that description of it to-night , unless he wished to asperse the General Committee , and to give a character to it in this House of which it was not in any way deserving . Why did the Catholics appoint this Sub-committee ? The answer is , in order to discharge their duty in preparing a full and accurate petition , to be able to tell parliament in a constitutional way , that the assertions so frequently made here , so recently made by an hon . general , that the Catholics experienced no practical disabilities under the existing penal laws , were wholly unfounded ; this was the reason on which the Committee had acted , and no man can deny that its proceedings , in this respect , were strictly within the powers conferred on it by the body at large . The next , resolution brought forward by the right hon . gent . to prove the illegality of the conduct of the Committee , is that by which a Sub-committee was appointed to inquire into the case of a Catholic soldier . The 312 right hon . gent . has thought proper to state only a part of this case—he has suppressed what was most material of it—he has not told the House the circumstances which ltd to the punishment of this soldier . The fact is this—this soldier being