be informed of his disposition to listen to complaint , let it proceed from whatever quarter it might . of the Exchequer here read the correspondence which passed between Mr. Wardle and sir D. Dundas , of which the following are . extracts . The hon . gent . began the correspondence with a letter , staling , `` That having received information of some extraordinary circumstances attending the trial of corporal Curtis , he had made an ineffectual attempt to go to the We of Wight to see him ; that he confidently hoped the man would not be sent out of the country , and out of the protection of the laws , before he had an opportunity of investigating his case . '' To this the commander in chief replied by his secretary , 'That he was not an are of any irregularity in the trial of Curtis , but that he desired the hon . gent . to put him in possession of these circumstances , that he might take the steps which that in-formation might render necessary . '' The hon . gent . answered . `` That this was any thing but a reply to his letter , and he begged to know whether it was meant to refuse or comply with his request . '' Not at a Tirritated by he tone of the hon . gent . sir David Dundas instructed his secretary to inform him , `` That the commander in chief was always anxious to receive information which might operate favourably for persons placed in the unfortunate situation of corporal Curtis ; but that he should not consider himself justified in granting the suspension required by the hon . gent . unless me . grounds of that application were distinctly specified . '' This produced another letter from the hon . gent , in which he expresses an opinion which , if it were to become general , would convert the most free country of the universe to one of the most intolerable tyranny . This opinion was contained in the paragraph , `` That it was hardly necessary for the hon . gent . to remind the commander in chief that he was not to be considered in the light of a common individual , but as a member of that body , by virtue of whose vote soldiers were raised and paid , and whose duty therefore it was to watch over their interest . '' If the hon . gent . had a right , as a member of that House , to erect himself into a walking committee and to 105 examine inquisitorially into all the departments of the state , refusing to afford to those departments the information on which he proceeded , he repeated that this would constitute one of the most abominable tyrannies that ever existed . The hon . member went on to tell the commander in chief , `` That the law had been violated , and that unless he obtained the request which he had made , he would bring the subject under the consideration of the House of Commons on the 29th of that month . '' The answer of the commander in chief `` referred the hon . gent . to the former communications on the same subject . '' The commander in chief , however had caused a minute inquiry to be made into the circumstances attendant on the trial of Curtis , and the result had been fully and ably stated by his hon . and learned friend . The hon . baronet asserted that the hon . mover had not been dealt fairly by . A singular accusation ; when the House recollected the way in which the gent . insinuated , that in a regimental court-martial such a combination among the officers might be expected to exist , as would leave the soldier little hope of justice ; than which observation one more ill founded and mischievous could scarcely be conceived . He was in bounden duty to believe that the motives of the hon . gent . were excellent ; but he was