's testimony , the price was from 4l . 2s . to 4l . ; and in December , 1810 , it was at 4l . 2s . 6d . He thought it necessary to state thus much , in vindication of what he had advanced the preceding evening . As to the admission of Mr. Pitt , he should only observe , that the last time he had been at his house , about three months before his death , he had declared , that he could not foresee any circumstances in which cash payments could be safely resumed during the continuance of the war . The hon . gentleman had quoted the authority of lords Burleigh and Bacon , 986 and sir Isaac Newton . With lord Burleigh 's works upon this subject he was not acquainted . Lord Bacon 's works he was well acquainted with , and he could not remember any passage on this subject ; and as to sir Isaac Newton he must ob serve , that he could not be prevailed on to write a line on the subject . The statement he had made respecting the price of bullion , he had had from Mr. Merle , who informed him that the highest price in 1810 was 4l . 8s . and that it had been as low as 4l . denied , that the statement of the price of gold in 1809 was correct , for if the right hon . gentleman adverted to the opinions of all the dealers in gold at that period , he would see that they fixed it at 4l . 10s . per oz . rose and said : Mr. Lushington ; I am induced to offer myself to the Committee ; in the present stage of the discussion , from a desire that such errors as I may have fallen into , in considering this important and complicated question , may be corrected by those who are yet to follow me in the debate . However dry the subject may be in its details , I am satisfied it will receive the patient attention of parliament . It is essential to the best interests of the empire , that this question should not only be decided speedily , but that it should be decided upon a consideration , so ample , of all its bearings , that the judgment of the House may have the effect of finally settling the mind of the country upon it ; for one can not well imagine any thing more fatally injurious to the prosperity of a state , whose power in war , and whose advancement in peace so intimately rests upon its public credit , than having a question , such as this , hung up in suspense , to be debated from year to year , to the encouragement of the enemy , and to the dismay of our own people , and of those nations in the world who look up to us for protection . I lament the embarrassing predicament in which the Committee is placed by the shape this discussion has taken . From the Report itself , as well as from the Resolutions of the honourable mover , we had every reason to presume that , if parliament was called upon to investigate abstract propositions , on a subject so peculiarly delicate , complicated , and abstruse , at least we should have had to discuss them with reference to some precise practical 987 remedy to be applied to the evil which they declared to exist : but we are now desired , at least in the first instance , to consider the speculative branch of the question , distinct from the recommendation of the Committee , that the Bank should be compelled to resume its cash payments at the end of two years ; and the honourable chairman ( Mr. Horner ) , in no very equivocal terms , has apprised us , that , although he individually adheres to the propriety of that measure , he is not likely to be supported in that opinion by other members of