companies in every street , and would be . here to-day and gone to-morrow . Losses to the amount of six or seven millions had been lately paid , on account of the critical state of trade . What would have become of their million capital , if but nearly this sum had come upon it ? He should therefore oppose the motion . controverted the opinion of Sir T. Turton on the , subject of the charters , and contended that the road to redress was open to these petitioners in the mode pointed out by the act , and consequently that their application to parliament was improper . On petitioning the King , the matter would go through the Privy Council to the Attorney General , who would hear it as a cause ; and , on his report , the decision of the executive would be given . If the charters of the existing companies were found to be objectionable , by this mode they would be rescinded , and all the petitioners required by the present Bill would be accomplished . Yet , though this road had been pointed out to them last session , they had preferred coming again to parliament , where their claims , from the nature of a popular assembly , were not likely to be so accurately discussed . He condemned the original motives of the petitioners , and 119 much as he was averse to new charters , he would rather agree to one of them , than to an anomalous copartnery like the present . He then pointed out many inconveniences that would arise were the present Bill to be passed , and so large a body established , which could only be sued in the name of their secretary , whose person would be all the insurers would have for their risks . On all these grounds he was hostile to this application . thought that the right hon . gent . had mistaken the state of the question , and that no part of his observations applied to it . A grievance had been proved to exist , and the object was to apply a remedy . The Bill did not propose to dissolve any charter , but merely to say , that the system of solitary insurances should no longer be the law . The grievance complained of was , the insecurity of insurances ; and the measure submitted , was the doing away of that clause in the acts which prevented others from joining in companies . Therefore he thought that the argument of the right hon . gent . did not apply . opposed the Bill , the object of which , he said , was , if not to destroy the charter , to take away one of the greatest advantages arising from the incorporation of those companies . contended that his Majesty 's power applied only to the total repeal of the charter ; but not to any particular modification , such as was now proposed . He was of opinion that the Bill should go into a committee . After some further observations from the Solicitor General and Mr. Stephen , who spoke against the Bill , and from Mr. Morris and Mr. Baring , in favour of going in a committee , the House divided , when the numbers were , brought up the following report from the Secret Committee relative to the detention of M. Colville in the House of Correction , Cold Bath Fields : said , he thought it his duty to declare , that the report was unanimously agreed to by the committee . It was then ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move for the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire into the state of Commercial Credit . Various representations had reached him from manufacturing and mercantile people , of the disadvantage under which trade suffered , and which they attributed to the state of credit and the condition of the markets with which they were formerly in the