be found in the works of Dr. Smith . I have adhered strictly to those doctrines ; I have taken the prices of corn as a standard of value , as he has done ; I have examined the possible effects of scarce seasons on the price of corn , as he has done ; and I have shewn a corresponding advance of prices abroad , as he did also , in order to make a complete parallel course of reasoning with his on the same subject If I have done so correctly , I hope to have effected a point of great moment with regard to the present debate ; no less than to have taken away the whole basis of the doctrines contended for on the other side . In the last pamphlet which has been published with a view of exposing the 1030 doctrines of the Bullion Committee , and which may be considered as a sort of summary of all that has been written before on that side of the question , I mean the pamphlet of Lord Rosse , I find this general inference , `` from these causes '' ( the war and its consequences ) `` the price of gold has risen , is rising , and we must expect that it will rise more and more . '' This is the language also of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) whose speech , by the way ; is a complete counterpart of this pamphlet ; and it has also been the language of the right hon . gentleman , the Treasurer of the Navy . The Treasurer of the Navy founds upon this supposed rise of the value of gold , his whole argument against the expediency of making the Bank resume cash payments . He says the value of gold is become excessively high , therefore it is excessively scarce , and therefore it would be absolutely impracticable for the Bank to procure the quantity of it , that would be wanting to enable it to pay in cash . But according to a more accurate way of speaking of the value of gold , if to judge and speak of it according to the principles of Dr. A. Smith is a more accurate way , the whole of the reasonings of the noble lords and the right hon . gentleman , and also of about twenty or thirty pamphlets , are wholly void of foundation . Having examined in what degree the advance of prices depend upon an alteration in the value of gold ; I will now proceed to shew what part of it is owing to an alteration in the value of Bank paper . But in so doing , I have nothing more to say , than what has been said so often before , that this alteration is exactly in the proportion which the market price bears to the Mint price of gold . This is a doctrine that no one can deny without at the same time denying the existence of a legal standard of money in this country . If a speech could produce conviction in this House , that of an hon . member on the opposite bench ( Mr. Huskisson ) would have settled all dispute about this question of the standard . As , however , it seems to have failed to do so , and as the establishing of the fact , that coin possesses value , only in proportion to the bullion it contains , is of great moment , I shall endeavour to give strength even to his arguments , not by using any of my own , but , by reference to the work of a person that has been quoted by the Treasurer of the Navy ; a person who was stiled by him `` a very sensible man and an author of established authority . '' To such an 1031 author , so spoken of by the right hon . gentleman , the Committee I am sure will be disposed to pay great attention . But , besides the testimony of the right hon .