who had adopted such a line of conduct . General Graham would , from past experience , act with sufficient caution for the time to come . Every proper intimation would be given him to use his discretion with caution . Adverting again to the censures bestowed on the Spanish army , he contended that such censures ought not to be so peremptorily passed , not only on the general 677 officer , but on all serving under him ; more especially , as they had received such testimonies of the intrepidity displayed by various corps of the Spanish army : at least they ought to pause before they proceeded to give judgment . should have been glad to have joined in the general expression of exultation called forth by the victory of Barrosa in a recent debate . He should have been glad to have added to the general tribute his mite , in applause of the heroism of that day , and to have done himself the honour of claiming the hero of that day as his much valued friend : this he should have been glad to have done , if he could have had sufficient controul over himself to prevent him from doing more ; but he was apprehensive that he could not have abstained from speaking of the conduct of the Spaniards . The right hon . gent . had spoken like the advocate of the Spaniards ; they must be defended at all events : no matter how ! And yet what was it that was attempted to be defended ? The English army was on the point of being sacrificed—the Spaniards were in sight of them , within twenty minutes quick march of them ! and yet what did they ? What were they ? Why , just what they had been described by his hon . friend—cold blooded spectators of the battle ! Was this doing their duty to themselves or to their brave allies ? It was not easy to speak upon this topic without giving way to indignation ; and after coldly witnessing a band of heroes fighting and dying for their cause , general La Pena tells our small army , exhausted with its unparalleled victory over numbers , that , forsooth , now was the time to push its success . What did this redoubted general mean ? Was it insult , or treachery , or cowardice , each , or all ? He did not mean to complain of the Spanish people , but of their officers . He should be sorry to say any thing so severe of that army , as that every soldier there felt as their general did . He only wished that the Spanish soldiers were put under the command of British officers , as the Portuguese were , and , he had no doubt , that they would behave as the Portuguese had behaved . He placed himself upon the silence of general Graham , and let the right hon . gent . dislodge him from that ground if he could . While that silence remained as it did , be should ever think of Barrosa as a day memorable for the glory of the Britons , and not less memorable for the infamy of the Spaniards . Was it to 678 to be endured , that our brave fellows should be so basely deserted , after an excessive night-march , the moment they entered the field , against a foe always formidable from discipline , and then doubly so from numbers ? Why were the two battalions , concerning which the right hon . gent . vapoured so much , why were they with-drawn from the heights of Barrosa ? why was their position abandoned precipitately to the French ? who gave this order but a Spanish officer ? What ! should not this excite a jealousy ? Was this the first time a Spanish army had been cold-blooded spectators of British heroism ? Did they want this to remind them of the stately indifference shewn by Cuesta in the battle of Talavera ? Was all sound in Cadiz ?