Resolution , on the ground that no inconvenience had arisen out of the regulation now existing , and that the one proposed would have the effect of unnecessarily retarding the public business . He objected also to the preamble , the wording of which implied a direct censure on the Union between both countries—a measure which , although sincerely and strenuously opposed by himself , had yet been cordially supported by the right hon . baronet . thought the objection of the right hon . gent . to the preamble rather singular : the preamble was disapproved of because it censured a measure which had been supported by his right hon . friend . Did that preamble stale what was not the fact , or rather did it not speak the language of the commercial interests in Ireland ? Were not those interests from day to day , in every session , obstructed and injured by the pernicious system of hurry , precipitance , and inadvertance which marked all their proceeding upon Irish questions ? One ground of the right hon . gent . 's objection to the proposed regulation was , that no inconvenience resulted from the present mode . His personal experience enabled him to set the right hon . gentleman right on that head . He had known repeated instances , in the course of the last and former sessions , in which measures involving the interests of one of the first commercial cities in the empire , the city which he had the honour to represent ( Cork ) , were rapidly carried through that House , though he had made earnest but ineffectual applications for time to consult with his constituents upon them . He had , then , no doubt that the present mode was a bad one . Whether that proposed by his right hon . friend could completely remedy the evil , he was not equally certain ; but sure he was , that some change in the present regulation was imperiously necessary ; and as the resolution proposed must , in some degree , effect that change , it should have his cordial support . said , that the right hon . bart . who had brought forward this motion , did not merit the imputation cast upon him , of having unnecessarily made an attack on the Union . That Ireland would suffer by the loss of her local legislature 242 was an evil that even the friends of the measure allowed . They argued , that though this evil would arise , the advantages that Ireland would derive from the concessions that were promised as the immediate consequences of the measure , would more than compensate it . The right hon . bart . therefore , adopted only the language of the best friends of the Union , and did now act I in a manner inconsistent with his former conduct . In respect to the impediment which the right hon . gent . opposite alledges would he thrown in the way of public business by the adoption of the proposed regulation , he has not been fortunate in selecting the instance with which he endeavoured to support his argument . It is not required to make the regulation an act of the legislature , but merely an order of the House to govern its own proceedings . If , then , circumstances should arise , requiring a Bill to pass in the same expeditious manner as that in which it was requisite to pass the Treasury Bills , the House would be able , on a special case of necessity properly made out , to suspend its order for the occasion , and prevent any detriment to the public by making an exception to the general rule . The right hon . gent . had argued , that as most of the Irish business related to taxation , and as no petitions could be received against a tax , the proposed regulation was on this account unnecessary . But though it be true that no petition can be received , still the members representing Ireland ought to be