the campaign was judiciously planned , and ably executed ; and that the result had not tended more to exalt the glory , than to insure the safety of the country . rose pursuant to notice , to propose a vote of 627,098l . 19s . 5d . to make up the deficiency of the Army Extraordinaries between December 1809 , and December 1810 . When the circumstances were considered , he trusted it would not be thought wonderful that such a deficiency had taken place . In conformity to the plan of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , he had endeavoured to make the accounts as clear and distinct as possible . The Army Estimates had lately been altogether made up with more than usual accuracy , and for that improvement great credit was due to the noble Secretary at War . It was not to be expected , however , that the Estimates of the Army Extraordinaries should be perfectly accurate in every point . They were , in their nature , incapable of fixed estimate or absolute certainty . He should be happy to give any explanation that might be required , but did not feel himself called upon to enter any further into the subject at present than to state , that considerable deductions were to be made from the sum which appeared to have been applied to Army Extraordinaries last year . In all there was about 1,407,000l . which ought to be placed to the account of the Ordinaries . He concluded by moving , '' That a sum , not exceeding 627,098l . 19s . 5d . be granted to his Majesty , towards defraying the extraordinary expences of the army incurred and paid from the 25th day of December 1809 to the 24th of December 1810 , both inclusive , and not provided for by parliament . '' rose to warn the House of the great expences attending the sytem pursued by ministers in the military department . The army , he admitted , was so essentially serviceable , and had lately added so much to the glory and security of the country , that a large expenditure might naturally and necessarily be called for . But yet it was of great importance that all , and especially those who supported the projects of ministers , should be fully aware of the immense expence to which the great and increasing establishment of the army led . It appeared that since the Contest in Spain began , the army had cost 777 this country 24,000,000l . per annum , exclusive of the ordnance . It was prudent , therefore , to consider how far the country could go on with this expenditure upon a system which afforded no prospect of material diminution . It had been stated in evidence on the Walcheren Expedition Inquiry , that the expence of 40,000 men on the other side of the channel was 300,000l . per month . In Portugal we had 60,000 British troops and 40,000 Portuguese in British pay ; and at the rate above stated , the expence could not be less than a million per month . Of the policy of keeping an army there he said nothing . The country was now so deeply committed , that he did not see how the contest could be abandoned . But such was the expence ; and he called upon ministers by every practicable means of economy , to diminish it if possible . He also noticed how much the expence was enhanced by the state of the exchange , which , as a member of the government had said , occasioned a loss of 30 percent , in Portugal . The first lord of the Admiralty had admitted , too , that a loss to the same amount was sustained in the Mediterranean . He had voted for the thanks to lord Wellington/ He did not wish the system under the present circumstances to be relinquished ; but he was anxious it should be understood , that the expence was alarming . said , that , undoubtedly , in the late debate ,