decision one single hour . Whatever might be thought by others , the parties concerned were obliged by the delay of his right hon . friend . The greatest care had been taken of the interests of the captors . On the condemnation of the prize , in 1799 , when Mr. Hunter found there was likely to be some delay , he immediately put the money out to interest . It had remained at interest all the time ; and he believed there was no other country in the world where justice was administered , not only with such purity , but with such dispatch . If the hon . admiral thought the interests of the navy were neglected , he trusted he should , in a few minutes , prove the contrary to be the fact . Since the passing of the act , in June 1809 , nine thousand cases had been made out under his immediate direction , and so arranged , that if any boatsman or other person , belonging to any ship , applied to him respecting the prize-money to which he might think himself intitled , he could in one hour let him know when the prize was condemned , what the amount of his share , and give him , in fine , all the requisite information on the subject . Six hundred of these cases had been made out by himself . Their amount in money was 4,000,000l . sterling . He had exerted himself to the utmost to benefit the captors , by putting their money out to interest and relieving them from the extortion of Agents . The annual captures amounted on the average to 1,000,000l . In the course of the war , therefore , they were 7,000,000l . of which but a small part had been out at interest for the captors . Five millions four hundred thousand pounds had been put out to interest by the agents for their own benefit . One agent alone , had had as much as 300,000l . out at interest to his own advantage . This had been put a stop to , and the benefit transferred to the captors . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to enumerate the several evils which he had exerted himself to correct . In the charges of agents accounts , he had saved 12,000l . per year to the captors . He saved them 50,000l . per year salvage . The droits 482 amounting to 2,000,000l . which were not taken cognizance of , he had caused to be regularly registered . He had also laboured to make a satisfactory arrangement with respect to conjoint grants , grants to the army and navy . The right hon . gentleman proceeded to make a statement of what he had effected in the various departments of the navy . He had most anxiously laboured to promote the interest of the nary in every respect He had therefore felt hurt , when he found that , notwithstanding all he had done , in sinuations were still thrown out , that the welfare of the navy was not attended to . He hoped the gallant Admiral would bear in mind what had fallen from his right honourable friend , and not say that which might tend to raise a clamour among the lower classes in the service . When such statements were thrown out respecting the Prize Court , the persons conceiving them selves entitled to prize-money were so inflamed , that it was impossible to make them listen to the true state of the case . They might reason with them to all eternity without effect . He was conscious their claims had never been neglected and he thought the gallant Admiral could hardly name a sailor , or a sailor 's father , mother or relation , who had written to him without obtaining prompt attention and a proper answer . If they were in London his doors were always open to them , and he saw them himself , heard their complaints , and gave them all the information in his power