no surprise . They were only such as our hostility was calculated to provoke , and to speak of them in such a manner , was like the surprise and indignation of an army sent out to destroy another army , which on finding that it was to attack armed men , might exclaim , `` Why ? these scoundrels have had the unparalleled villany to come into the field with muskets . '' Upon the subject of the exchange the right hon . gent . opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had , in reply to an hon . friend of his , exclaimed in a triumphant tone , `` O happy Hamburgh , O happy Holland , to have been able to have preserved your exchanges ! `` —This was language not more unjust to his hon . friend than insulting to those fallen states—fallen and prostrate from those fatal wars , to the prolongation of which , he believed , our paper system might have been but too conducive . The only cause of any apparent equivalence being preserved between paper and coin was , unquestionably , the penalties of the law ; and he did think , that it would well become men who were true believers , and who prayed to the Divine Being not to lead them into temptation , to abstain from tempting others to perjury and fraud . The opinions which the House was now called on to adopt , were sanctioned by the joint authority of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox , and now that their voices were no longer heard among men , the disciples of those great political opponents were seen to unite upon this question . The hon . gent . then proceeded in the most animated strain of eloquence , to draw a picture of the present state of this country , and of its future prospects . He begged the House to consider in what situation they would stand , in case the Resolutions of his hon . friend were refused . He denied 1166 that Bank-notes were the same as gold , or that the public thought so . Upon the whole , it appeared to him that any thing short of the Resolutions would afford no remedy . The remedy for all , he would repeat again , was peace ; and not with standing all that had been said of the states of the Continent , they were prostrate ; and if the paper system were followed , this country would in the end be prostrate too . supported the Resolutions , as originally proposed . then rose to reply , and began by remarking the various attacks which had been made on the Report of the Bullion Committee , both for having reported contrary to evidence , and for not having paid a sufficient deference to the opinions of practical men . He should have considered the Committee , however , as having abandoned its duty , had it acted on any other evidence than such as it deemed conclusive , or had it neglected to form opinions for itself . He did not think the Committee had been very courteously treated by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , and he felt it necessary to reply to some of his observations on several parts of the Report . Mr. Horner then proceeded to vindicate the Committee for having quoted the opinions of Mr. Godfrey and Mr. Drake , the characters and principles of both of whom had been , he contended , wholly mistaken by that right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) . The hon . gent . then proceeded to comment upon that part of the speech of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer which referred to the fact of an extraordinary issue of exchequer bills , for the purpose of preventing depreciation . He wished to know if the right hon . gent . meant that exchequer bills should be understood as a part of the circulating medium ; if not , that case could not apply