be forthcoming with in the time limited by the act . observed , that the clause merely empowered the commissioners to take heritable bonds as an additional security . The same clause was in the Bill of 1793 , and no inconvenience resulted from it . denied the necessity of the clause.—The question was put that the clause stand part of the Bill , and agreed to . then moved to leave out the clause empowering the Commissioners to advance exchequer bills to the incorporated banks of Scotland , upon the ground that there was no necessity for it , the banks not standing in need of any such assistance . After a few words from earl Bathurst , who stated that this clause was also in the Bill of 1793 , the question was put , that the clause stand part of the Bill , and agreed to . then adverted to the notice he had given on Friday , his object being to leave out the clause empowering the Bank of England to purchase exchequer bills issued under this act , and to substitute another clause prohibiting them from so purchasing them . His lordship observed , that the analysis of the measure with this clause as it now stood , was , that the merchants having a quantity of goods for which there was no market , the Bank could not accommodate them with discount , but by the interference of government , advancing exchequer bills to the merchants , the Bank would take the exchequer bills as a security , and issue their notes for them to the merchants , thus increasing the issue of Bank notes , which was already too great . contended , that this would be , by a side wind , destroying the advantages of the Bill , as the exchequer bills , which the Bank were prohibited from purchasing , must necessarily be at a discount , whilst other exchequer bills would be at par . Nor would it prevent the issue of bank notes , as those possessed of the exchequer bills must sell them in the market , and purchase others which the Bank could take , and for which of course bank notes would be issued . There was , besides , a 664 constantly operative cause which produced a reflux of bank notes into the Bank , as it was found by experience , that although the dividends were paid every quarter in bank notes , yet that , after a short period , the whole amount of bank notes in circulation was nearly the same as before . again adverted to the question of the exchange becoming favourable to Ireland , contending that it was not the result of a diminished issue by the bank of Ireland . brought up the report of the Militia Enlistment Bill . said , he was compelled by a sense of duty to object to this Bill , though he could not now hope to say any thing new upon it . When he recollected those who had on former occasions been associated with him in opposition to these expedients , it might well be supposed , that the subject presented him with no cheering reflections . It might be said , that he was hostile to the Militia Establishment altogether ; and that his arguments against it ought to be taken with some grains of allowance . He never had been an enemy to the establishment , provided it were kept to its original numbers . He then proceeded to stale the grounds of his objections to this measure : to the increase of the numbers of the Militia , and to the Local Military Establishments which for some time past had formed so great an obstacle to the regular recruiting for the army . His late right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham , ) had taken a comprehensive view of the whole subject , and had formed an excellent plan for the recruiting of the army . That plan , unfortunately , had been overthrown before its most efficacious engines had even begun to operate .