He supported the proposition of his hon . friend . of the Exchequer , after adverting to the act of the 33d of the King , which required , that soon after the 1st of March 1811 , notice-should be given of the expiration of the East India Company 's Charter in three years , and of the payment ' of the sums due from the public ; and after observing that the original sum of 1 , 200,000l . was reduced to 1,207,500l . by payments in the same session , moved , `` That notice be given that the sum of 1,207,559l . 15s . and all arrears of annuity 712 payable in respect thereof , being the remainder of the capital stock debt or sum due from the public to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Ladies , will be redeemed and paid off on the 10th day of April 1814 , agreeable to the power of redemption contained in the last mentioned act . '' observed , that Mr. Pitt , in the year 1791 , gave notice to the East India Company , that their charter would expire in three years ; but that no renewal of the charter took place until 1793 . He hoped that as long a time would be allowed to elapse in the present instance before Parliament would be called upon to consider the expediency of a renewal of the charter . would not consent to pledge government to any such engagement as that described by the horn gentleman . rose , pursuant to notice , to move the second reading of the Bill for preventing the granting of Places in Reversion . He felt that the present moment was not the most auspicious for carrying that salutary measure into effect ; but he was not therefore discouraged from ; endeavouring to do his duty , and to redeem the pledge which he had given to that effect . There were , besides , many circumstances connected with the present measure , which he could have wished to bring under their lordships consideration at the same time ; but neither was the present the moment for entering into that discussion . He should , however , persevere in the line he had chalked out to himself , and persist in moving the second reading of the Bill , let the result be what it might . He knew that it was the intention of the noble and learned lord on the woolsack to oppose his motion , but he trusted that noble and learned lord would not forget that in proposing the suspension of the same bill last session , he had in a great degree acknowledged the justice of its principle . Their lordships well knew that the measure which he had the honour 713 of proposing , originated with the Finance : Committee of the other House ; a Committee to which the people at large looked op with confidence for many salutary regulations in the expenditure of the country ; and although their patriotic endeavours had net met with the success they deserved ( for many difficulties and discouragements had been thrown in their way , perhaps even by those who should rather have promoted , than obstructed the measure ) , still that Committee had deserved the thanks , and obtained the highest approbation of the people . This it was no more than justice and candour to avow . When a more favourable time arrived , as arrive he trusted it would , he should again bring forward a measure which the public had such just reason to expect would be adopted . The noble earl concluded with moving the second reading of the Bill . never had said , and never would say that the principle of the Bill was not a good one , and fit to be acted upon ; but he objected to it as attempting at the time to carry only one part , and that comparatively but a less important and less urgent part , of a great measure with which the present was