one , and that in addition to the grounds which other nations had to secure the value of their money , it need never be taken but by weiget , the foreigner would say it was secured by as perfect a system as could be devised . But if , going a little further , he was told that a foreign piece worth 4s . 6d . passed here for 5s . 6d . he would say , `` How can this bear a proper proportion to your shillings ? '' There was but one answer—Our silver coin is so degraded , that our shillings are not worth more than 9d . each , so they bear a good proportion to the dollar . '' The foreigner would reply , `` But how , then , can your silver bear its proper proportion to your gold ? '' In answer to this he must be told , `` All our gold has been sold , so we make use of a substitute , and that substitute bears a very good proportion to our ninepenny shillings . `` —If an English merchant had a debt to discharge at Amsterdam , of 500l . and purchased a bill that enabled him to discharge it in 100 ounces of gold , how was this transaction to be accomplished ? —In what manner but by the purchase of guineas ? —He would read the Committee a few extracts from a correspondence 976 between a person in Paris and a person resident in this country , whose names he was not at liberty to mention . The letters to which he alluded stated that the latter had succeeded in purchasing for his correspondent the several sums of 10,829 and of 5,000 guineas , which he had shipped , and hoped they would go safe to hand , that the charges were ½ per cent . for commission , and another ½ per cent . for guaranteeing the bills , and offering afterwards to provide them to any amount which might be desired.— ( Hear , hear ! ) The balance of trade could not possibly account for this state of things . In the reign of William , about I696 , the real value of the guinea , compared to the debased silver currency of that period , was 25s . or 26s. , but the gold was permitted to pass at its intrinsic worth ; and no withstanding the then unfavourableness of the exchanges , the gold never disappeared . Lord Liverpool observed in his publication , that if the gold coin at that period had not been suffered to pass at its sterling value , it would doubtless have been all melted down . It was certainly well worthy of consideration what might have been the condition and financial difficulties of this country , then engaged in exertions not less arduous than those of the present period , and what might have been the fate of the liberties we enjoy , had not this wise proceeding been adopted . He was indeed well apprised of the difficulty which must be felt if the gold and the Bank note were admitted to an equal competition , in any longer supporting the assertion that the paper was not depreciated ( hear , hear ) . He was well aware what would then become of that current value and public estimation by which the advocates of the restriction endeavoured to support their argument ; a current value and a public estimation which were in fact derived only from the rigorous prohibitions of penal enactments . Was this then a proper state of the currency of the country ; was it one in which it was the duty of parliament to suffer it to remain ? The fact was undeniable that guineas were sold in every street . The evidence of a respectable goldsmith proved that he had every day applications relative to the sale and purchase of guineas . Yet still it was maintained by the right hon . gentleman 's resolutions that paper was not depreciated in public estimation . If paper was sustained at