to . In that case the Bank had involved itself in difficulties from an over issue of paper . The directors diminished the quantity of their paper , and the consequence was , that the credit of the Bank was restored ; and it was also said , that the diminution of the paper had an effect upon the exchange . The latter part of the statement might be true , but he very much doubted it . The original capital of that Bank was two millions : it had issued paper to the amount of four millions , which had involved it in embarrassments ; to relieve which , it withdrew two millions from circulation ; and it was not very probable that such a sum could affect the general exchange of France . But the hon . gent . who had adverted to this Bank admitted , that though the narrowing its circulation removed its difficulties , yet it produced very great embarrassments among the commercial part of the community . The Bank , said he , had the courage to narrow its circulation ; or , in other words , it had the courage to take 1072 care of its own interests , without any regard to those of the community . Was that the principle which he would recommend parliament to adopt in the present instance ? But , if the withdrawing of two millions from the circulation in France , had produced such disastrous consequences to her trade , what would be the effect in this country under all the circumstances of the present times , if the Bank of England were to withdraw its paper , paper which it had been said formed the whole circulating medium of the country ? Would it not ruin the manufactures ? Would it not destroy the agriculture ? Would it not dry up all those sources of wealth which enabled this country to make exertions pro portioned to the exigencies of the awful period in which we lived ? And for what object was parliament to incur the risk of all these dreadful calamities ? Why , for the purpose of making an experiment to bring the rate of exchange nearer to par ! But the gentlemen on the other side , in calling upon Parliament to be guided by the wisdom of our ancestors , had referred particularly to the events in 1696 and 1697 . If there was any one passage in the Report which excited his astonishment more than another ; if there was any one part of it more unguarded , more inaccurate , more unfounded than another , it was that part which referred to the transactions of the period alluded to . Un less he totally misunderstood the question , the case which had been quoted , if it applied at all to the present question , made directly against the arguments of those by whom it had been adduced.— [ The Chancellor of the Exchequer here read an extract from that part of the Bullion Report , which stated , that soon after the establishment of the Bank of England its notes were depreciated , and considerable ' embarrassments ensued ; and that those embarrassments had been removed by a new coinage , and by reducing the quantity of Banknotes . * ] The two operations then ; in the opinion of the Committee , which relieved the Bank in 1696 and 1697 ; were the coinage , and the diminution of the number of Bank notes , and this was recommended to the notice of the House as a case in point . He begged to observe ; however , that if it was a case in point , that that case had occurred when there was no restriction upon the cash payment a of the Bank . But it was said there was at that * See vol . 17 , Appendix , P. ccxxxiy . 1073 time an excess in the issue of Bank notes . He could hardly believe that the Bank would so soon after its establishment issue more notes than were necessary ; the