or mistakes by all persons engaged in printing , it became the duty of parliament to enter into an inquiry upon the subject , and even without the suggestion of an abuse , to provide a protection against State prosecutions for misdemeanors analogous to those which the statute law had long enacted for the security of persons arraigned for treasons against the State . In ordinary criminal cases , the law , though universally indulgent , thought it necessary to keep within limits the privileges of parlies accused.—A man , accused of felony , may be prosecuted at any period . There is no statute of limitation to secure him when his witnesses may be absent or dead . He hears the indictment read for the first time by the clerk of the arraigns 156 when he is put upon his trial ; he bas no-copy of it delivered to him ; he knows nothing of the case intended to be made against him ; he is a stranger to the witnesses who are to prove it , and he can have no counsel to make his defence to the jury , but only to argue matters of law with the '' court . Such is the naked condition , of a prisoner , when his adversary is a private man . But when he is accused of high treason , he is covered all over with the armour of the law . He has a giant to fight with when he has to encounter the whole weight and influence of the Crown , and he is protected accordingly . The indictment must be preferred within three years from the commission of the crime . Every principle of limitation of time , as enacted in cases of treasons , surely applies , with tenfold force to prosecutions for libels , but above all to periodical publications . Treasons may be most secret , and most generally are so . They may not be discovered till long after three years ; but still the law , in its general indulgence , imposes that limitation of time ; treasons also , when discovered , oppose other difficulties to conviction . It may be much longer before the traitors can be detected , and longer still before evidence can be obtained . But libels in periodical publications are known to the crown the instant they are published , and government has already obtained laws which make known to them , immediately and universally , the responsible persons ; the names of all the proprietors , publishers and printers , being registered in the stamp office , not only for purposes of revenue , but expressly for the detection of offences against the State . Upon what principle , then , ought such prosecutions to be delayed ? There ought , on the contrary , to be a very short limitation of time indeed to prevent their being made instruments of terror , or of dangerous influence over the press . A copy of it must be delivered to him ten days before the trial . He must have the whole pannel of the jurors who are to try him , with their descriptions and places of abode , so as to entitle him to sift their characters for objections for cause , and even for 35 capricious challenges without any cause at all . If he dislikes the physiognomy of a juror , he sets him aside ; he is entitled to full defence by two counsel to speak to the jury upon his whole case . The treason must be established by two witnesses , though one is sufficient to convict even in any other capital case ; 157 and be must be brought to trial without delay or be set at large . Nothing could be more striking than the illustration of these principles , in Hadfield 's case , for shooting at the King at the theatre . In most other countries he might have been trampled under foot or carried to instant execution ; but here he was protected in the manner he had described . Though insanity was