that which he had named ? He assured the right hon . gent . that he was perfectly ready to enter on the discussion either on Monday next , or even that might , if it should be deemed desirable by the House . As to the general charge of delay , how did it apply ? The Report was published in August , and parliament assembled under peculiar circumstances some time before Christmas . When those circumstances were recollected he did not believe that any hon . member could candidly attribute to him any unnecessary or wilful procrastination . The right hon . 728 gent , had indeed himself moved , at a considerably subsequent period , for the production of several voluminous accounts , which he considered necessary to the elucidation of the question . He ( Mr. Horner ) had , in consequence of those motions , required some time properly to understand the nature and bearings of those accounts , at least to divine what possible connection they had with the object in view . He had not had it in his power to be in town at an earlier period , and his wish in now naming the 29th of April , was that the order should be some time on the book , in order that the House should have full notice , and come properly prepared for the discussion . He appealed , therefore , to the candour of the House , and to its justice , he would not say to its indulgence , which at other times he might have had occasion to claim , whether the right hon . gentleman 's censure was not unfounded . Did the right hon . gent . believe that any such material alteration had taken place , or that the question presented itself in so new a shape and so different from that which it had first assumed , as to inspire him with any additional confidence or sentiment of triumph ? Did he indeed believe that recent circumstances had so changed the state of the question , as to induce on his part or on that of his hon . friends any desire to re-cede from their former opinions ? Was the late proceeding of the Bank calculated to procure from him a surrender of his sentiments , or to persuade him to shrink from the discussion ? The impatience of the right hon . gent . might easily be traced to an apprehension that other and similar proceedings were about to follow , which would perhaps be much facilitated by previously dispatching the Report of the Bullion Committee . It would have been convenient , too , perhaps , if that discussion could have been terminated prior to the late operation of the Bank . Satisfied he was that upon the event of that discussion depended the recurrence of similar proceedings , and the consequent increase of all the mischief and calamity involved in it . said , that he should not object to the course proposed by the hon . and learned gent . He thought that it might be useful that some interval should take place between the notice for the discussion , and the discussion itself . He had , however , experienced a very strong sentiment of regret at the length of the delay in bringing the 729 Report under parliamentary consideration . That Report had , he conceived , made a most erroneous and injurious impression on the public mind , and he should ever consider its publication as a great and serious evil . It had very strongly agitated the feelings of the country , and he was confident that when it was fully considered , it would not be found to be supported by facts . observed , that his hon . friend had been most uncandidly and unjustly accused of wishing to delay the discussion . The right hon . gent , was certainly in more haste ; he appeared to be very anxious for the argument , but to feel little care as to its being understood . He knew not whether this