to rescue himself from his difficulties was instantly subdued by the never absent thought that money was wanting . '' Here I may appeal , I think , to those who differed most widely from Mr. Pitt in political matters , that in whatever way-he decided on points that arose , he followed the dictates of his own judgment , however disposed he was to listen with the most patient attention to the suggestions , and to avail himself of he experience of others . His knowledge of finance was profound in all its parts ; and I will venture to say , that men the most experienced will admit , that in the circulation of money and exchange his judgment was correct . It was indeed almost intuitive on every point . But that it should be imputed to him that * To the general character of Mr. Pitt , ( except as a Financier ) for every thing that could render him estimable as a public or private man , this author bore most ample testimony in a high eulogium upon him . P. 183 . 888 his conceptions of the real resources of his country were wholly illusive , is inconceivable . For a vindication of so extraordinary a charge I need only call to the recollection of this Committee the state of the revenue at the time he came into office ; the amount of permanent taxes was then 10,196,000l . very little more than equal to the charges on the aggre gale fund ; a floating debt of nearly 30,000,000l . ; the 3l . per cents at 56l . after the restoration of peace , and the means of taxation apparently exhausted , as those imposed by lord North in the American War were in 1784 , 2,246,000l . short of their estimated produce . Under all these disadvantages , he so brought forth the resources of the country as not only to provide for its expenditure in all its blanches , but to establish in 1786 a Sinking Fund , securely protected , the income of which now considerably exceeds what the whole revenue of the country was when he entered on the management of it . It had increased , when the world was deprived of him , to the amount of 48,995,000l . : and what is a most unquestionable proof of this merit , our trade , manufactures , and internal prosperity in every respect kept pace with the rapid increase of the revenue . Need a minister of finance have a higher praise ? With other political matters , we have in this enquiry nothing to do . Having shewn that Mr. Pitt was right in sending bullion for the Prussian subsidy , conformably with the opinions of Mr. Harman , it may not be amiss to see how far Mr. Wheatly is supported in his position of the preferable mode of remitting by bills by the authority of Mr. Locke , in whose works the following passage will be found . `` Returning money by exchange into foreign parts , keeps not one farthing from going out : it only prevents the more troublesome and hazardous way of sending money backwards and forwards . '' It is hardly necessary to add , that in making foreign remittances we should be governed by no fixed rule , but make use of bills or bullion , according to circumstances , as they shall occur from time to time . The charge against Mr. Pitt , and the observations naturally arising from it , are so immediately connected with the subject under discussion , as to justify me , I hope , in the opinion of the Committee , for having taken up a small portion of their time in commenting on them . 889 I proceed now to consider how far there is any foundation for the blame imputed to the Bank , for not taking measures to make payments in cash . I am no advocate for that Company , on any other than public grounds , and no farther than I think them entitled to be defended ,