to the Attorney General no such power as that ascribed to it . It gave to the judges of the land the power to be used at discretion ( a discretion which they would of course always exercise with all due reference to every circumstance of the case ) , to hold such persons to bail as they might think proper . Instead of his having the power to do this without affidavits ( as alleged by the noble lord ) , the judges of the land could not exercise the power but on a case made out before them by affidavits . Thus much he had felt it necessary to say with respect to the provisions of this Bill and the powers it conferred . He should in the next place beg leave to submit an , observation or two upon the manner in which these powers had been exercised . If the House were to judge from the candid statement of the noble lord they would be led to conclude that the powers so reprobated , had been kept in a slate of unceasing activity , and converted into an engine of intolerable oppression and injustice . What , however , must be the surprise of the House to learn that only a single instance of the exercise of this authority had occurred since the passing of the Act . He should state it to the House , and leave them to judge of its propriety . A person , against whom an information was pending for a libel , had the audacity , while such information was pending and before his trial , to publish a second edition of the same libel . The case was laid before Mr. Justice Le Blanc on affidavit , Mr. Justice Le Blanc thought fit to hold the person to bail , and he was held accordingly . While he was on this subject , he thought it necessary to state , that the Act in question gave to the judges of the land no power which was not vested in a Justice of the Peace , or a Secretary of State , before the passing of the Act . If the noble lord would revert to the reign of the late king , he would find many instances in which Justices of Peace had caused persons charged with 577 seditious libels to be arrested , and bound them over to appear in the Court of King 's Bench , there to await the event of any information or indictment against them for the said libels . This was not therefore a new power : it had been before exercised by magistrates of an inferior description . Long indeed before he had brought the Bill into the House—so far back as 1804 , it had been introduced by lord Ellen-borough in the House of Lords as an Amendment to a Bill from the Commons ; and this Amendment had been afterwards withdrawn in the Commons , not from any doubt as to the propriety of the enactment itself , but on an observation from the Chair which related solely to an informality in the mode of proceeding . What he had now stated , he trusted would be fully sufficient to satisfy the House with respect as well to the history as to the merits of this measure , which had been with so much candour and justice converted by the noble lord into a ground of accusation against him . After having pressed with all the force and ability which so peculiarly distinguish his lordship this general topic which had no bearing on the subject before the House , the noble lord at length came to that which was the point actually under discussion , namely , the supposition that he ( the Attorney-General ) had unduly and with partiality exercised the authority entrusted to him . The charge distinctly made was , that he had conducted himself oppressively and partially . The noble lord therefore , having produced the number of criminal informations for libel filed by him during the last three years ; and having shewn that those