service , and promised to be still more , and the demands for that service were more likely to increase than diminish . Of what importance , therefore , was it that no impediment or discouragement should exist in a part of the United Kingdom so resourceful , in this respect , to the success of our military means . If any doubt should exist in so delicate a point as that of conscience as to modes of faith and wor- 371 ship should not every care and attention be used to remove them ? And how could they be more effectually removed than by enabling the recruiting serjeant to refer to the present Bill , and point out the particular clause in it which guaranteed to every man the free exercise of that faith and worship to which his judgment and conscience gave the preference ? In this view of the question , he thought the clause moved by his noble friend , was just , expedient , and politic ; and it should therefore have his hearty concurrence . could not but consider the clause as unnecessary . He happened to have been in a situation which enabled him to know that the orders issued at that time by the commander in chief had been strictly attended to ; and that they had since been executed with equal strictness and attention . As long therefore as they were punctually executed , he was not aware of the necessity of any legislative measure in this respect ; but as he approved of the principle of the clause , so would he be ready to support it any time when he should see a fair necessity for its adoption . briefly replied . He said he exulted in having brought forward a clause , the principle of which no noble lord had been hardy enough to question , and to have gained this point was to him matter of great triumph , and would be felt as such by all honest , impartial , and reflecting men . That consideration alone was fully sufficient to induce him to persevere in his motion . rose for the purpose of moving the necessary resolutions for defraying the expences of those naval grants , known by the name of the Ordinaries and Extraordinaries of the Navy ; the wear and tear , including the number of seamen with the attendant expences , all the miscellaneous grants , & c. having been al-ready voted . In addition to the Ordinaries 372 and Extraordinaries , he should have the honour to propose a vote for the Transport service . It would have been unnecessary for him to intrude longer on the Committee at present , had it not been for a difference in the form of the Estimates of the present year . He would state the principle on which that change of form proceeded ; and particularly as it applied to the Ordinary Estimates . The change had been in consequence of an act of last session , by which a great , and , in his opinion , an excellent alteration had been prescribed . Heretofore it had been customary to state in the various Ordinary Estimates the charges for pensions and superannuations under each head ; the consequences of which were , a difficulty and confusion in discovering the total of that branch of expenditure . Not only had the form been confused , but many items had been omitted , and the Estimates had therefore not afforded the full information which was desirable . There was another circumstance also to which he wished to draw the attention of the Committee . Several charges for superannuation , & c. had heretofore been defrayed out of the fund created by the sale of old stores . By the act of last session it had been very judiciously directed , that henceforward all sums raised by the sale of old stores should be brought to account , and that the charges , which it had been customary to defray out of that sale , should be introduced in the Ordinary Estimates , and distinctly