the course of the last year . The stock of the manufacturers was well known at present , and it could scarcely be said to afford a proper opportunity for adopting any step which would have the effect of making bread dear , as the rejection of the present measure inevitably would . It had been said that the measure would make meat dear . How that could be , he was unable to discover ; for it would make the food of cattle cheaper . The West India planters contributed much to support the expences of the country , and , if they were reduced to a situation , in which they could do so no longer , the expence must fall on the landholders . He therefore cautioned the landed interest how they resisted such measures as the present , and recommended that they might bear their fair share of the burdens of the country without shewing such an invincible repugnance to sacrifice their interest to the public good . objected to the bill as injurious to the interests of Ireland . contended that the measure would be injurious to the interests of the country , and quoted the report of the committee in support of his assertion . 689 The question was , whether encouragement should or should not be given to the growth of grain ? If the agriculturalist did not get a fair remunerating price , barley would not be cultivated , cattle would not be fed , and the market of London would feel the effects . He regretted , that after a long experience in that House , he bad never known a minister who had encouraged agriculture . He concluded with a quotation from Mr. Burke , which represented all experiments upon the former as perilous , and decried the principle of meddling in any way whatever with the subsistence of the people . said , he wished well to the landed interests ; but he could not , however , help feeling for the West India planters . In 1808 , when the subject was first canvassed , it was said that the country produced barley sufficient for all the purposes of the distillery . In . 1809 and 10 , however , there was more imported than in the former year , which shewed that it did not produce barley enough to answer its own purposes , even without the distilleries . The competition was not between the West India and agricultural interests , but between the colonial and the foreign grower . supported the amendment . denied that the distress of the farmer proceeded from the measure now before the House . wished that time should be given to investigate the subject more minutely ; and contended that they ought to place no limitation to the price of grain , in order that its growth might be encouraged . He insisted strongly upon the policy of encouraging agriculture , as the best means of supporting the strength and independence of the country . wished it to be recollected that he had originally proposed that the measure should continue but for the space of one year ; but even then , should it be necessary , he intended that its continuance should be for a longer period . At present , however , he should propose in the Committee a clause , limiting its duration for four months only , after the passing of the Bill , a similar period having been adopted for Ireland , in order to enable the manufacturer to get rid of his grain if he should deem it expedient . Under that arrangement , which was thought beneficial for the interests of Ireland he did not suppose those who objected would be inclined to press their ob- 690 jections . The right hon . gent . denied that in proposing the measure he had any intention of injuring the agricultural interests ; on the contrary , it would have the effect of increasing their prosperity , particularly in Norfolk ; for it was well known that the produce of the island for many years had