information on the subject , and he found that the common people 354 of Ireland had an objection almost insurmountable to enlisting into the army , arising from a knowledge that they might be compelled to attend Protestant worship , and be deprived of the service of their own religion . It was not possible to account for this aversion to the army on any other grounds—for comparing the situation of a poor Irish labourer with that of a soldier receiving a very large bounty , good pay , cloathing , and great protection on the part of his officers , the situation of the latter was infinitely preferable to that of the former . It was therefore a matter of policy as well as of common justice to make the alteration in the law which he proposed . It would effectually carry into execution the intentions of government , and relieve them from the recurrence of similar complaints . thought this clause unnecessary , as the Irish government had never wished to force the Catholics to attend Protestant service , and did give immediate relief to the few Catholics who had been aggrieved in this manner . The hon . gent . had been misinformed as to the facts of the case with respect to Spence , one of the soldiers alluded to . Spence had been ordered to attend church parade . The custom was , to move off the Catholics to mass , and the Protestants to church . This man was about to leave parade , but was told by a Serjeant that he would be guilty of disobedience of orders . Notwithstanding this he did quit the parade , and was afterwards tried by a court-martial , for writing a mutinous letter . The sentence against him was severe . Dr . Troy afterwards made representation to the government , and the man was allowed to commute his punishment by enlisting into a foreign regiment . Upon the representations made , the man was pardoned and discharged the service . The other case was that of a young officer , just returned from the West Indies , who had turned the coats of two of the men for not attending service ; the officer was afterwards removed . The right hon . gent , observed , that the object of government in making the order was , that the men should attend divine service , but only in accordance each with his particular form of worship ; allowed , that the Irish government had interfered in a very handsome manner on the particular Cases brought to heir notice . He thought parliament should now interfere for the general protection of the Catholic soldiers . said , that if Spence had not happened to have a friend to state his case to the government , he would probably have suffered the whole of the punishment . He thought the Catholic soldier should be protected by law . said , that instances which could be produced of the interference complained of were so very few , that there was no occasion for any law upon the subject , and that it would be much better to leave it as a matter of regulation , as there could be no doubt of the wishes of the government or the commander in chief upon the subject . In the hospitals , wherever there were Catholic soldiers , Catholic clergymen were admitted . dwelt on the great importance of the Catholic body to the recruiting our armies . He therefore conceived , that it would tend greatly to increase our armies if the Catholics had that protection by law which the gentlemen on the other side wished them to have by the regulations . said , that at present the only question was , as to the mode ; and it appeared to him , that no case had been made out to call for an alteration of the law , but that the regulations would be fully adequate to prevent the evil complained of . observed , that neither the practice of the Irish government , nor their regulations