to them to be the strongest probability that Drury-lane Theatre might be reconstructed , and thus one of the main grounds on which the present petition rested , done away . The Chairman of that Committee ( Mr. P. Moore ) would have to declare , that the most material obstacles to the reconstruction of Drury-lane Theatre had been removed , and that the Committee had been even able to draw out a plan , to which , as there had already been some , there was no doubt but there would be a number , and a sufficient number , of subscribers to rebuild the Theatre . On these grounds he recommended the postponement till next session ; he required no greater indulgence , and , as an individual member of parliament , if Drury-lane Theatre was not then in the course of being erected , he should certainly take no part against this application . He would not enter into any discussion as to whether two or three theatres were necessary . There was now only one , and a great probability that , in a very short time , there would be two on the old foundation . But at any rate , as the patents for these were obtained for a valuable consideration , it could never be consistent with justice to deprive them of their right without giving a compensation for the same . In that case they might wait till another session , and then sec whether these titles were in a condition to permit their holders to build themselves , or so good as to be worth the purchase of other persons . did not think the explanation that had been given so satisfactory as the House had a right to expect , after what had taken place six weeks ago , when the subject was formerly under their notice . Even supposing that a second theatre would be rebuilt , there was no ground for saying that a third might not be necessary . To those who were of this opinion the ex- 1142 planation must be of no weight ; but even to those who had thought that assurance should be given for the rebuilding of Drury-lane Theatre , little satisfaction could be given by the meagre statement now made ; for all that it went to say was , that the embarrassments of that concern had been looked into , but not a word of any arrangement being made for going on with the erection of a theatre . It never was suggested six weeks since , that on this ground the present Bill should be postponed ; and still there was another point on which it stood completely untouched , namely , the expediency of giving the town a third theatre , which had many advocates , while there was certainly not one who maintained that a single theatre was sufficient for the amusement of this great metropolis . He therefore gave his support to the Bill . in explanation , said , it was his intention to assert , that on or before the 1st of October next it would be ascertained whether Drury-lane Theatre could be rebuilt or not ; and if it could be rebuilt , there would be at that period considerable progress made towards its reconstruction . Of this there was a great probability , as the most material obstacles , with regard to the pecuniary concerns of the theatre , had been removed . thought the statement of the hon . gentleman perfectly satisfactory , and that it would be a harsh , if not an unjust proceeding , to refuse the postponement of the Bill under such circumstances . said that the Committee ( of which he had the honour to be chairman ) had two points to consider ; the first was the amount and nature of the claims upon the theatre ; the second , the probability of its being rebuilt . With respect to the first , he assured the House it had been so intricate and extensive as to demand a very laborious attention for the six weeks