by Curtis himself of his many offences , and of his wish to be allowed to enter the regular courses . He had been thirty-two years in the Oxfordshire regiment , and he could safely lay his hand on his heart and say , that he never refused attention to the just complaints of a soldier . He had given corporel Curtis every satisfaction in his power . When Curtis made the representation to him respecting the shoes , he ( colonel L. ) shewed him the regulation , which was as clear as day ; namely , that three pair should be allowed in two years , and not two pair a year . It was true , as asserted by the hon . gent , that when the book was shewn to corporal Curtis , that he might point out the particular regulation to which he referred , he could not do so ; but it was for this plain reason , that no such regulation existed ; and with respect to the article of breeches , it was a fact , that at the very time when the man made 93 the representation relative to them , he wore the breeches which he complained were withheld . Yet it was on the statements of such a person that it was attempted to impeach the honour and character of so many respectable individuals . He would say no more , but would sit down , having done his duty to the best of his power . He had had the honour of a seat in that House for 16 years , and had never before intruded on the attention of the chair ; nor should he have dune so now , but for the very extraordinary observations which had been made by the hon . mover of the present question . ( Judge Advocate ) was of opinion , that unless the hon . gent . had made out a sufficient case , the House ought not to agree to the motion . There were some passages in the hon . gentleman 's speech , in which the facts were so completely mistated , that he should be sorry to allow the question to go to a vote without commenting upon them , notwithstanding the strong impression which had evidently been made upon the House , by the observations of his hon . friend who had just sat down . He would therefore state shortly to the House the occurrences connected with the two courts-martial , which the hon . gent , was anxious to bring into discussion . The transaction originated on the 23d of June , when Curtis made to his Colonel a complaint respecting two distinct articles—shoes and breeches . As to the case of shoes , he was persuaded that the hon . mover had not made any inquiry into the subject , or else that he would have received better information . It was clear , as his hon . friend had said , that by the regulations each soldier was entitled to three pair of shoes in two years ; and as to the case of 1804 , referred to by Curtis , in which year the regiment did certainly receive two pair of shoes a man ; this was owing to the transfer of the Supplementary Militia into the Regular Militia ; the men being entitled to one pair as the supplementary , and to one pair as the regular . It being found , however , that one pair was sufficient , a commutation took place , and each man was allowed five shillings , which went to pay for those necessaries which would otherwise have been provided for by stoppages . The case of the breeches was as clear . One pair was provided by government ; and the stoppage of 18d . a month was for the purpose of purchasing necessaries ; under which term an additional pair of breeches was included . If 94 this additional pair were found unnecessary , the stoppages were returned . But the hon . mover expressed his surprise that the stoppages