documents on the table of the House , and other authentic information . At present I shall only observe , that the analogy of former instances would lead us to ascribe the depression of the exchange principally to the combination of a great military expenditure abroad , with a high price and large importation of grain . When either of these circumstances has occurred , the exchange has usually become unfavourable ; when they have been united , it has never failed to do so . These are circumstances wholly unconnected with our internal currency ; and circumstances probably unavoidable , and not imputable to any blamable conduct whatever . In our military expenses , we are paying the price , a heavy and inconvenient price I admit , of a glorious struggle not only for our own independence , but for the liberty and independence of the human race at large , now threatened with universal subjugation . On the principle of supporting such a struggle with our utmost efforts , I have heard no dissentient voice , and , as to all details respecting the means of doing it , it is not now the time to enter upon them . 961 Still less can any doubt he entertained with respect to the propriety of the importations of grain which have taken place in a season of dearth , in which the price has approached to that of the greatest scarcity . The right hon . vice-president of the Hoard of Trade has explained the reasons which induced the privy council to give encouragement to these importations , and they were reasons of cogent and imperious necessity . The Council wore not unaware , that , by so doing , they were likely to aggravate the evils of an unfavourable exchange ; but the subsistence of the people was , as it ought to be , an object superior to all considerations of commercial convenience , Great , however , as the effects , upon the exchange , of our military expences combined with the importation of grain must have been , they could neither have been so great not so lasting , had the freedom of commercial intercourse existed as in former times . In this the real novelty of our situation consists . For though I do not carry the doctrine of commercial equivalents so far as the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Huskisson ) , I admit that there is a continual tendency in an unfavourable exchange to correct itself by checking importation and encouraging exportation , and that , though for a time it may be overpowered by political emergencies , or by pressing calls for articles of unavoidable necessity ; yet , if freedom of trade exists , it will usually prevent any excessive inequality , and in no long time restore the balance . The fourteenth Proposition is intended to show , that on account of the extension of trade , and the great increase of our public revenue and expenditure since 1797 , a more abundant currency is necessary to carry on the business of the country , and that we should have no reason to conclude that our currency was excessive if it should appear considerably to exceed in amount what then existed . This , however , I believe to be so far from the fact , that the diminution of coin is , perhaps , fully equal to the increase of paper circulation . I am now arrived at the last and most important Propositions , those which respect the removal of the Bank restriction . On the fifteenth Proposition , which declares `` that it is highly important , that the restrictions should be removed when ever the political and commercial relations of the country shall render it compatible 962 with the public interest , '' I need say nothing , as the gentlemen against whom I have been arguing , entirely concur in the same opinion , and I believe that a difference on this point scarcely any where exists . Nor shall I think it necessary to dwell long upon the last Proposition