, and if he did , it was the first time that he ( Mr. H. ) was to learn that exchequer bills were any thing else than a mode of raising capital . Upon the subjects of standard and depreciation he should say nothing , for nothing had been left to him to say ; they were both as well and as clearly established as any topics could be in an adverse discussion in a popular assembly ; but this he would say , that the arguments of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , admitted indirectly , the fact of depreciation . Their argument , that so sudden a return as that of two years to 1167 payments in specie , would be productive of incalculable mischief , this argument , he contended , did involve in itself a distinct admission of depreciation ; for if the currency had not depreciated , where would be the danger in returning ? Some gentlemen agreed with him in all his Resolutions but the last . He would ask those gentlemen who thus admitted the evil , what other remedy could be recommended for adoption ? Was the choice of this remedy to be left to the Bank of England , or would a declaration of the veal state of our currency on the part of that House , without assigning or suggesting any remedy , be of itself sufficient to correct the evil ? Would not such a declaration on the contrary , have the nattural effect of accelerating the depreciation ? There was , in his mind , no practical remedy but the resumption of cash payments . He did not mean the immediate resumption of cash payments , as had been most unfairly presumed , and then most fallaciously argued upon . But the right hon . gent . had deplored the scarcity of gold , and upon this point his expression was rather odd ; gold he said , was impossible to be got—impossible to be got ! This from the minister of the first commercial country in the world was somewhat strange ! He was almost tempted to ask if the right hon . gentleman could seriously admit the evil of which he ( Mr. H. ) complained , to be of an extent so serious ? He was almost tempted to ask if the mines of America were yet exhausted ? The gold leaves this country . Why , because the currency had lost its value here ; restore that value by the diminution of its paper issues , and the evil is remedied at once . In the various instances cited by the other side , from the earlier periods of our history , it was extraordinary that at most of those periods to which those instances refer , the plenty , and not the scarcity of gold was the subject of complaint . In 1697 , the Chancellor of the Exchequer of that day had declared the kingdom to be undone by plenty of gold . An hon . friend of his ( Mr. Manning ) had cited sir Edward Coke , where he assigns even different causes for the then depreciation . Sir E. Coke was rather a delicate authority to cite upon such a subject , as that great lawyer had declared in his second Institute , that gold coin in its unimpaired purity of weight and fineness was `` inter regalia et magna corona jura ; '' but in that very report ( too long now to refer to ) was to be 1168 found abundant matter in support of his views of the question . And here he must refer to an opinion of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , as to the authority of lord Bacon on the subject of depreciation . That right hon . gent . had said , that lord-Bacon had not touched upon that part of the question . He ( Mr. Horner ) here read a passage to the House , stating lord Bacon 's opinion thereon .