history of the country , except in periods when the national currency has been debased ) is a point which not only deserves attention , but calls for immediate investigation . In the reign of William 3 , and in the seven years war the exchange fell 25 per cent . and ' guineas rose to 30s . but since those 812 periods there had not , it was clear , been any instance whatever upon record . Suppose even that I were to allow , for the sake of argument , that the balance of trade has of late years been extremely unfavourable to this country ; still there will be considerations arising from that supposition which deserve the most serious attention of parliament . It is allowed that the principal article of import in the last year was grain , and that import was enormous . Now , it appears to me , that the House should most seriously consider what could be the reason that produced a necessity for an imputation of about 2,000,000 of quarters in one year , which was not a year of famine . When we consider the great part of our population which is employed in manufactures , and the great and increasing portion of that population which is on the list of paupers , no man can look to the possibility of another year of dearth without feeling the most painful and serious alarm . I look upon this increase of the price of corn as a very strong argument in support of the opinions which I have taken the liberty to state to the Committee . Nothing can in my mind more effectually shew the depreciation of the relative value of our currency , than the fact , that although by the alteration made in the corn laws , in 1793 , the price of 54s . was fixed , as that under which no grain should be exported , it became necessary in 1804 to raise that protecting price to 66s . ; and so rapid has been the depreciation of money , that , if it be intended to carry on the system of protection , it . Will be now necessary to raise this protecting price to above 70 shillings The whole question , therefore , as far as the balance of trade is concerned , rests on the real ' state of our foreign payments . What that is , it is difficult to discover . I am disposed to trust those who have the means of information in their hands , and , who have declared that that balance from the foreign expenditure is greatly against this country . And yet , if the Committee look at the accounts on the table , they will , see that the excess of exports over imports has been much greater than formerly , particularly during the last two years . The official value of the imports of 1811 was 33,100,000l . ; of the exports 45,800,000l . ; leaving an excess , of 12,700,000l . The details , too , of this excess are still more satisfactory . The exports of cotton manufactures during the 813 last two years were nearly double , what they had been in the two years preceding . How these statements can be reconciled with the present arguments and declarations , I am yet to learn . The question may , indeed , be explained by shewing that the military expenditure made up the difference ; but at present it is wholly unexplained . It is now , however , for the first time intimated , that the balance of trade has been so unfavourable to this country , as to render the exportation of bullion absolutely necessary . But the Committee will recollect , that in 1808 and 180y , when this great excess of exports was stated , by the right hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Rose ) , I expressed my doubts , with respect to the real nature of it . In the last session , during the discussion of the Lords Commissioners Speech ,