desire 557 of depriving the offender of the very means of subsistence . Those who fall under the lash of the libel law , are principally persons connected with the Public Press of the Metropolis . But now , in cases of conviction , they are not allowed to remain in London , but are hurried off to distant jails . Two individuals , Mr. White and Mr. Hart , the Proprietor and Publisher of the Independent Whig , have lately been sentenced to three years imprisonment . Perhaps this punishment alone was too much : but to render it still more severe , they were removed to country jails , at a distance from their friends and connections . The length of the confinement appears to me an outrageous punishment ; but it is greatly aggravated by the circumstance of the mischief and ruin which the distance of the jail must inevitably bring upon their very means of subsistence . The law gave the right to punish , but not to ruin . And those who passed such a sentence must have been aware that ruin , and almost unavoidable ruin , must follow its execution . There is another person , Mr. Gale Jones , whose principal support was derived , I believe , from some daily or weekly publication ; that person has been sent to a prison , where , by its regulations , he is deprived of the use of books , ink , or paper.—And if this statement is correct , is he not thereby deprived of the means of subsistence ? A more recent case is that of Mr. Finnerty : and there are several others to which , if necessary , I could call the attention of the House . And this is not all , for when the term of imprisonment has expired , the sentence generally directs , that the party shall find security for his good behaviour , probably in a large sum , and for a number of years . Now , as it is often difficult to procure such security , it has the , appearance of a desire to imprison for life . Now , Sir , it will be worth while to compare the punishments for Libel with those for other offences . With this view I have procured a report of the trials at the last Old Bailey sessions , and I there find that several persons , who were convicted of various felonies , have been sentenced , some to three months , some to two months , and others to only one month 's imprisonment , Mr. Alexander Davison , who was convicted of a very great offence , in misapplying the public money , was sentenced only to twenty-one months imprisonment ! And ft man who was lately convicted at the 558 Winchester assizes of a most aggravated assault with intent to commit a rape , and to whom the Judge observed , that had he been capitally indicted , he certainfy would have been hung—this man was sentenced to no more than two years imprisonment . He did not receive so much punishment as the man whose only crime was the writing an article , which might be offensive to the Attorney General and the Government of the day.—But , Sir , it may be said that the injured party may redress himself , by bringing a Writ of Error into the House of Lords . But that is really nothing , as it is possible that he might wait a long time before he had his appeal decided . And , in the course of nine or ten years after the termination of his imprisonment , it would afford him very little consolation to be told , that the House of Lords had reversed his Judgment ! ( Hear ! hear ! ) On these accounts , therefore , on account of the extreme hardship , which attends the defendant in every part of the proceeding , I think the House should watch with extreme jealousy in what manner the privilege of filing these Informations has been exercised .