it to be endured , that while the British troops were performing prodigies of valour in an unequal contest , that those allies , for whose independence they were fighting , should stand by the cold-blooded spectators of deeds , the bare recital of which should have been enough to warm every man of them into a hero ? If , indeed , they had been so many mercenaries , and had been hired to fight for a foreign power and in behalf of a foreign cause ; —if they had been so many Swiss , in that case their breach of duty , however culpable , would have been less unaccountable , and perhaps more excusable ; but here , where they were allies bound to this country in obligations greater than ever before one nation owed another—our brave men lavishing those lives which their country had so much better right to claim , in defence of that cause in which those allies were principals—in such a case , tamely to look on while the contest between numbers and bravery hung in doubtful issue , —this did appear to him to betray an indifference , an apathy , which , if he could suppose it to prevail among the Spaniards , must render , in his mind , the cause of Spanish independence altogether hopeless . ( Here the Chancellor of the Exchequer betrayed some symptoms of disapprobation ) . He did not presume that such was the general sentiment in Spain , but sure he was , that what he had stated , as to the conduct of the Spaniards in the action of Barrosa , was the prevalent sentiment in the public mind ; if that sentiment had been adopted upon false 673 grounds , what he had said then would have this good effect if it had no other , of giving the right hon . gent . an opportunity of setting the public right in that respect . But to put it as a question of policy , and not of gratitude , he should wish to know from those gentlemen who thought all along with ministers upon the question of the Spanish war , whether they continued to hope for the cordial cooperation of the Spaniards ? —At Barrosa they were on Spanish ground—on the spot where they might have won the rescue of their wives and children from the bonds of a licentious enemy . When or where could they have had stronger motives to behave like men ? And if they hung back in such a moment , at what other could they be relied on ? Gentlemen would not , he presumed , talk of any prospect of success without the cooperation of the Spaniards themselves . They would not talk of this country conquering France in Spain , in spite of Spain herself . He did not wish to libel the Spanish people [ hear ! hear ! from ministers ] . He repeated that he did not . It was not of Spain as a people , but of Spain as a government , that he complained . He was not so blind to history , or the lessons it afforded , as to suppose a people who had produced a Pizarro , a Gonzalvo , a duke of Parma , Alva , or a Berri , could voluntarily submit to be slaves ; but their misfortunes were to be traced to their government—a bad civil government and a bad religious government had been doing their bad work . First , we heard of juntas—juntas without number : then we had provisional juntas , which we were told were to do wonders . They , however , gave way to the central juntas , and left the wonders to be done by them . And lastly came the Cortez , as useless , inefficacious , and troublesome as any of its predecessors : if not more so . They began by fulminating an ostentatious decree against some French words , excluding a few French words from their language , while 300,000 Frenchmen were in possession of their country—they then