the House my view of this subject , without entering at large into the history of this contest ; but in doing so , I beg the House not to be alarmed at the prospect of the length to which such a history might lead me . I shall not feel it necessary to enter into all the details of the several transactions which have occurred in the different periods of this contest ; I might undoubtedly do so , with feelings of the highest gratification , because I should only have to record events most pleasing to the House , most grateful to the ears of every Englishman ; events most glorious to the arms of England , most honourable to the individuals , and to the armies by whom they were achieved . But , Sir , these are events that have been repeatedly expatiated upon in this House , and have been as repeatedly admired and applauded ; therefore in passing them now by , do not let me be supposed to wish to lessen their value , and to detract from their national importance . God forbid that I should be actpated by such motives : no , Sir , no man living is more alive to these gratifying and proud exploits on the part of my countrymen , but they are unnecessary to my view of this history.—That which I wish to place before the House and the country , is the result of a system , so weak , so radically injurious to the interest of England ; a system which has been pursued , and is now pursuing , so subversive of those patriotic principles upon which the alliance of Spain was formed—I shall briefly trace the result of the campaigns which have taken place since the commencement of this contest.—In the first place , so soon as a military force could be prepared , it was dispatched under my gallant and excellent friend sir A. Wellesley , in 1808 , to Portugal . I shall not now stop to discuss the policy of relieving the Spanish patriots in Spain , by sending our troops to Portugal . This is a question which has often been agitated , and as often been approved by this House ; but I must remind the House , that at the time this force was dispatched , the French had been driven from Madrid , and were not advanced beyond the Ebro . This expedition under sir A. Wellesley I consider as the commencement of the first campaign ; and let it always be remembered the it began upon the system of attempting to contend 401 with Buonaparté by the power of a British military force in the Peninsula—the object was to try your military strength with his . You made yourselves principals where you should have been contented to remain as auxiliaries . This is the system which I condemn—let us now see how it has succeeded.—The campaign commenced with all the advantage , with all the glory , with all the triumph which in the most sanguine mind could have been predicted.—We beat the French at Roleia , we beat them at Vimiera , we relieved the whole of the north of Portugal , and we finished by the convention of Cintra , which placed at our disposal their whole army ; but what was the result of that campaign , did we relieve the Spaniards ? did we promote the interests of England ? —The result was , that England , at her own expence , England , the ally of Spain , placed at the-disposal of France 20,000 of her best troops , commanded by her ablest generals , conversant and inured to the climate of Spain , in a port nearest to the scene of contest , and capable of being again brought into action in the course of three months , and which in fact was the case ; England , in order to assist her allies and contribute to her own interest , which would have led her to a rapid termination of the war , supplied the means of