to the recollection of the House one of the most distinguished victories on our naval annals , the battle of Trafalgar.—I will appeal to gentlemen , if they do not well remember , that , on the receipt of the intelligence of that most glorious victory , there was not a suspension in the public mind whether to consider it as an event of joy or of grief—a doubt whether the extraordinary advantages which the country derived from the occurrence were not counterbalanced by the loss of Nelson and the brave men who fell with him ! I am satisfied , that if the question had been put to the nation , whether they would agree to efface that day from our history , on the condition of recovering those to whom the glory of it was attributable , many voices would have declared for relinquishing the victory , if by so doing the victors could be redeemed . I do not mean to contend that such a sentiment is politically correct , however it may be honourable to those who entertain it . All I contend is , that such a sentiment does exist , and that it will continue to exist ; and I will add that it is a sentiment so connected with the best feelings of our nature , that I should hesitate long before I ventured decidedly to condemn it . Little of this sentiment , however , can mingle with our feelings on the present occasion , free as it almost entirely is from every circumstance which could damp our joy or restrain our gratulation . I trust , Sir , the House will do me the justice to belive ethat it is not my intention to attempt to enter into any detailed statement of the campaign ; but I 769 conceive that it is due to my lord Wellington distinctly to recollect , that while we attribute to his skill , activity , and unexampled exertion , the extent of the success which we have gained , we must do justice to the caution , moderation , forbearance , regard for the lives of his soldiers—and above all , to that enlightened foresight by which , at the commencement of the campaign , he anticipated its close . I say , Sir , we must to all these great qualities ascribe the comparatively small loss by which that success has been purchased , I repeat that it is not my intention to enter into a detail of the campaign . Such a task is perfectly out of the reach of my powers , and indeed of the powers of any one at present . It must be left to the future historian , by whom alone can that full justice be done to lord Wellington which his merits demand . At the same time the objects which lord Wellington had it in view to accomplish , and the means confided to him for the accomplishment of those objects , it may very naturally be expected I should briefly describe to the House , in order to enable them in some degree , however imperfectly , to appreciate the importance and the value of recent events . It is not for us now to consider the wisdom of defending the Peninsula in one way or in another . We are not to inquire whether it was expedient that we should apply our military force for that purpose , in the aggregate , rather than in separate bodies—or whether it was wise to chuse Portugal as the spot on which to contend with France . All these considerations are unconnected with the present question . The defence of Portugal having been confided to lord Wellington , his merits must be estimated by the way in which he has executed the trust reposed in him , and can depend in no degree upon the expediency or inexpediency of the original plans at home . From this observation , however , I must make a simple exception , namely , that I have a right to call on those who formerly declared that the measures of government