. approved of the present system , and thought any innovation that might be made would be very dangerous to the interests of this country . He , however , could have wished the trial in question had been allowed to be published , as it might have prevented the introduction of a report of it into this country , which he had been given to understand was spurious . observed that the government of India had been acquired , like most other governments , partly by conquest , partly by compact , and partly by forfeiture . Under these circumstances , to allow of the unrestrained liberty of the press would be dangerous . Their situation , however , was not such as it had been said to be ; for though they did not enjoy a tree government , they were governed by persons who were responsible to this country , and answerable for their conduct to that House . He thought the motion had been brought forward merely as a compliment to the abstract liberty of the press . He was a friend to that liberty , and though it should run into some excesses ( and some licentious strides even in this country he thought it had taken ) , he was far from wishing to impose any new-restriction . The liberty of the press had done much good ; it had also been in some instances , a source of the most tremendous evils . It had been spoken of as that which ought not to be discussed . From its magnitude and importance , he thought it ought often to be brought under their consideration . He remembered what had taken place in the National Assembly of the island of St. Domingo , where , in consequence of the attempt to extend the liberty of the press , the most dreadful scenes occurred . Those who were to be benefited by it , rose and massacred their friends indiscriminately with their foes , and at length succeeded in making themselves sovereigns of the island . Such might be the consequences of the introduction of the liberty of the press in India . said , the hon . gent . who had just spoken , had mentioned the licentiousness of the press , and observed that it had even in this country taken some strides . He ( Mr. Whitbread ) was also of opinion that it had taken some strides , but those strides appeared to him to be taken backwards . If the hon . gent . looked back to what had been published many years ago , and compared those publications with what issued from the press at the 473 present day , he thought he also would be of opinion , that the motion of the liberty of the press was retrograde and not progressive . His noble friend was aware , that to place the press in India on the same footing as in England , might be dangerous . The government of India had been acquired , as the hon . gent . had said , by conquest , by compact , and by forfeiture , but he had omitted one short monosyllable , namely , that which had tended more to give us that acquisition than any thing else . He had not mentioned the word `` fraud . '' If those ills might arise from extending the liberty of the press to India , which the hon . gent . had ascribed to that measure in St. Domingo , still he thought no evil could be expected to result from an attempt to soften the misery of the people ; but , on the contrary , that it would tend to prop that power which must otherwise crumble into dust . The paper moved for ought to be produced . If the regulations made by the marquis Wellesley were good , they ought to be brought forward to justify him ; and if they were unwise and impolitic , they ought to be produced , that they might be canvassed and corrected . The hon . gent