Still , its success , so far as it had gone , had exceeded his expectations and those of the great character who had formed the plan . It produced , for the first quarter , at the rate of 10,000 men a year ; for the second , at the rate of 13,000 men a year ; for the third , at the rate of 21,000 men a year ; and for the 4th quarter , at the rate of 24,000 men a year . All this , by the ordinary recruiting at a reduced bounty . But the efficacy of such a measure must depend on the opinion of its permanency ; and since the unfortunate interference with it , the regular recruiting hardly produced 665 a sufficient number of men to cover the waste of the army . The expence of Mr. Windham 's plan had been urged as an objection : but , in the end , the present method would be far more expensive , considering the height to which the competition and complicated mode of recruiting must raise the bounty . If Mr. Windham 's plan had been persevered in , they would ! now have no occasion to resort to such a measure as this . It could not but disgust the Militia officers , who were converted into instruments for recruiting the regular army . To be sure , this was a case of emergency , and if the measure had been only temporary , he should perhaps have allowed it to pass without any thing further than a protest against the general principle : but it was held out as a permanent measure , and he must oppose it . The Militia officers ought to pause before they allowed their regiments to be turned into recruiting legions for the army : and every member ought to pause before he placed in the hands of ministers a power of perpetual balloting . The system could never be carried on without ballot ; and thus they would be continually ringing the changes on bounty and ballot . With these few observations , which his sense of duty compelled him to make , he should leave the matter to the House . would have been very averse to this measure if he had understood it to be a permanent one . But he hoped it was not intended to make it perpetual . Necessity justified it at present ; the same necessity which at times might justify the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . He expected that there would be no occasion , however , to have recourse to the ballot . After the late volunteering , the recruiting for the Militia had been very successful . He would support the Bill therefore , as a temporary measure . referred the hon . gent . who spoke last to the Bill itself , to shew that it was intended to be a permanent measure . The Bill recited , that `` whereas it was expedient to provide a permanent supply for the army , & c. '' and this quality of permanency was , in fact , the great objection to the measure . The Militia officers were to be converted into drill Serjeants , to provide 10,000 men annually for the army . With regard to the private men , it must be remembered that 240,000 in England were locked up by way of local-militia or volunteers . These might be enlisted ; but then their places must be supplied . 666 The advantage to the army might be gained by recruiting . They recruited for the militia , and why not as well for the line ? The present mode only tempted men to enter the militia first , and after remaining there for a few weeks , they enlisted into the line for the sake of the double bounty . He was glad that the ballot was to be avoided , if possible . But the misfortune was , that while the expectation of ballot was held out , men could hardly be got by recruiting : the expectation of