' gentleman who will compare his Resolutions with mine . I agree with him , for instance , when he says , that he is desirous of reverting to the state in which our currency was , previously ' to 1797 ; and though I do not allow that my sixteenth proposition goes the length of admitting , that cash payments are the only security against excess of circulation , I agree that it strongly expresses an opinion , which I strongly feel , that a circulation of cash , and of paper convertible , at pleasure into cash , is the most secure and advantageous to the public interests . But we differ about the means of returning to this state . He is for attempting it positively and absolutely , without regard to consequences , or even to practicability : I am for waiting till a violent and unnatural state of things shall have ceased , during the continuance of which , our object can not be obtained , and the attempt would only aggravate the evil . Another point on which we agree , is , that it is most important to preserve the assistance derived from the Bank . But how does he propose to preserve it ? By reducing the Bank to a situation of distress and ruin , by cramping its operations , and making it a burden , instead of a support , to the public . I will not now dwell on a point to which I must hereafter revert , but proceed to one on which the learned gentleman has reasoned largely , and with the greatest confidence , which has been most strongly relied upon by those , who , in this long controversy , have reasoned on the same side of the question , and to which no fewer than the first seven of the proposed Resolutions seem exclusively directed . I refer to the standard of value . We are told that our standard is changed or lost , and triumphantly asked , where we shall now find it ? One should suppose the standard was something visible and tangible , which 925 had been accidentally mislaid , and that we ought to offer a reward for bringing it back again . But I affirm , that a standard in the sense used by these gentlemen , namely , a fixed and invariable weight of the precious metals , as a measure of value , never existed in this country . In order to afford some ground for the argument , the learned gentleman is obliged , in his very first proposition , to affirm , in direct contradiction to the fact , that the `` weight at which any such money is authorized to pass current is fixed . '' Now I would ask at what fixed weight silver money is authorized to pass current ? For any sum not exceeding 25l. , it is a legal tender at whatever weight ; and certainly of payments made in actual cash , at least 999 in 1,000 , are for sums under that value , and were so before the Bank restriction ; and can that he denied to be a true standard of value , which is the actual measure of payment in a vast majority of transactions ? The degree in which our silver coin is reduced in weight is familiar to every one ; and a paper lately laid before the House shows the great inequality of that reduction in different coins . But they all continue to be equally a legal tender . A note for 5l . may be paid , either in silver new from the mint , and weighing , according to the average weight stated in that paper , lb . oz . dwt . gr . 1 7 7 2 ; or in 20 crowns , weighing 1 6 14 7 ; or in 40 half-crowns , weighing 1 5 8 2 ; or in 100 shillings , weighing 1 2 13 9 ; or in 200 sixpences , weighing 1 1 3 3 . The sum of 25l