was such as no circulating medium could remedy . In truth the government could not interfere in the present difficulties without violating all the general and received rules 531 of political economy . The report did not touch upon the real causes of the present difficulties . What were the trivial and collateral circumstances mentioned in the report of the committee , compared with the real difficulties ? Could any man hope to see America open to our commerce the year after next ? or could any man hope to see the continent of Europe opened in the course of two years ? It was stated in the evidence of one of the greatest merchants in this country , sir Francis Baring , that such was the facility in obtaining credit in this country , that even persons in the situation of clerks had no difficulty in obtaining it to any extent . It was stated even by the commissioners themselves , that the great occasion of the difficulty was the accumulation of produce and the total want of vent . Now nothing could establish more clearly than this fact the impolicy of the government , which had prevented the nation who alone could carry that superfluity to the continent of Europe , namely , America , from carrying on that trade , whereby the commodities of our own merchants were a drug in the market . He therefore felt himself warranted in opposing the Bill . , although he did not approve of the violation of the general principles of political economy , yet the emergency was so urgent , that he thought the extension of this relief likely to produce very important benefits . did not see any grounds for departing from the acknowledged principles of political economy on the present occasion . He thought that the man must be bold indeed who , in the present commercial distress , durst oppose the present measure . The reason alleged for the distress in the report was contradicted by the magistrates and merchants of London , who considered that the overtrading to South America was but a very small part of the cause of that distress , and that it was principally to be attributed to the warehousing system . An additional capital could only then add to the calamity . A noble earl had strongly urged the benefit derived from the measure in 1793 ; but the difficulties then were such as without any legislative interference would have had a favourable termination . To attribute the ensuing prosperity to that measure was like the physician taking credit for a cure which nature would have operated without his assistance . observed , that those 532 who speculated excessively before , would not be the objects of relief from this Bill , as they were removed from the power of carrying on those speculations any longer . The increase of paper currency had been mentioned ; but he would call their attention to the state of Ireland in that respect . The noble earl then proceeded to take a view of the issue of Bank paper , shewing , contrary to the opinions stated in the pamphlets respecting Bullion , that the rate of exchange against Ireland did not increase in proportion to the increase of paper currency . rose and addressed the House at considerable length upon the policy of this measure . He adverted to the irregularity of discussion which had interfered with the natural course of the debate , for he did not perceive how the calculation of the rate of exchange in Ireland was connected with the merits of the Bill upon their lordship 's table . It had been expressed by some noble lords during this night 's debate , that no one , whatever variety of opinion might exist upon the policy of this Bill , would be bold enough , to give his opposition to granting this relief to the distresses of our merchants . For himself , he was desirous that he should not be included in that general observation . No love of popularity , no dread of public obloquy ,