employ men from Holland and the Low Countries , to assist in catching and curing the fish . It was well known , that on former occasions , such pervious had returned , and become pilots to the French vessels . presented a Petition from the freeholders of the county of Wexford , setting forth , `` That at the last election for the county of Wexford , Abel Ram , esq. , and William Congreve Alcock , esq. , were returned by the sheriff to represent the said county in the present parliament , and afterwards took their seats in the House ; and that the said W. C. Alcock , in some time after such election and return , became afflicted with a mental malady , which , notwithstanding the skill and care of his physicians , has ever since continued , and increased to such a degree as to induce the necessity , on part of his family and friends , to sue out a writ of lunacy , for the purpose of vesting his property , and the management thereof , in trustees , the said W. C. Alcock being , from the continuance and increase of such mental disease , totally unfit and incapable of attending to or managing the same , nor is there the slightest hope that he ever will recover ; and that the jury impannelled under and by virtue of said writ or commission , have found the said W. C. Alcock to be a lunatic , as by the finding of said jury , and the proceedings under said writ , all returned and remaining of record in the clerk of the Hanaper's-office in Ireland , and to which the petitioners refer , may appear ; and that , in consequence of this event , the petitioners beg leave , on behalf of themselves and the other freeholders , to state and submit to the House , that the said county of Wexford ceases to be duly represented in the present parliament , because , by the laws and constitution of the said United Kingdom , it is established , that there should be two knights to represent said county , of which valuable privilege it is in fact deprived by the confirmed insanity of said W.C. Alcock ; and praying the House will order a new election to be had to fill the seat of said W. C. Alcock , and for that purpose , that a new writ be issued directed to the sheriff of said county of Wexford , commanding him to return a knight to represent the petitioners and said county in parliament in the place of said W. C. Alcock , or to grant such other and further relief as may be agreeable to justice . '' observed , that the feelings of 683 the gentlemen of the county had induced them to postpone this step as long as possible , in the hope of Mr. Alcock 's recovery . It however now appeared , that having been first affected on or about the 7th of November 1809 , Mr. Alcock was still in such a state as to render unwarrantable any further delay in the application to parliament . There was no precedent on the journals of such a case , except that of Christopher Purle in 1506 , in the reign of queen Elizabeth , which was exactly in point , and in which a new writ had been issued for Grampound , the Borough represented by Mr. Purle . There were several cases , however , and particularly two ; one in 1605 , the other in 1607 , in which long continued sickness had been deemed a sufficient cause for vacating a seat in parliament . He moved to refer the Petition to the Committee of Privileges ; and trusted the House would take those steps which might appear most expedient on the reception of the Report . in assenting to the reference of the Petition to the Committee of Privileges , guarded himself from being supposed pledged to support any motion that might be made on the report of that