to carry it beyond this , or even to go the whole length , according as the omission should appear to be an oversight , or to spring from bad intention . thought the penalty as proposed by his hon . and learned friend who brought in the Bill would be entirely useless . It would do nothing in the way of preventing the secret circulation of mischievous and dangerous publications . It would only affect those who might err , not from dishonest intention , but inadvertency . The penalty of 20l . or rather the risk of incurring it , would be no check upon those who had an extensive mischievous object in view . The 717 proper course would be to negative this clause , —and amend the other two , leaving a discretion with the magistrate to raise the number of penalties , in cases where it should appear just and proper . The magistrate would then impose one or more penalties , according to the circumstances of the case , and his decision would be subject to revision by an appeal to the sessions . In this state they might be content to leave the law . The quarter sessions , however , not to have the power of augmenting the penalties , but merely to correct the sentence of the magistrate in cases of excess . Where pamphlets or other publications were of a seditious and mischievous tendency , the whole of the penalties might thus be imposed , while other cases would be open to mitigation . objected to this proposition , as lodging an enormous power in the hands of the magistrate . The House ought to pause before they armed a magistrate with the power of fining to the amount of from 20l . to 20,000l . according to his view of the offence . He approved the clause as brought in by his hon . and learned friend , or if he had any objection to the bill , it was because it did not go the length of repealing the 39th of the king altogether . His hon . and learned friend had very properly adverted to the history of that act . It was the last of a series , beginning with the 30th of the king , commonly known under the name of the Gagging Bill . That the act was passed for a temporary purpose appeared evidently from the preamble , and why should it be prolonged beyond the occasion ? This power might perhaps afford some relief to the printers ; but it was dangerous to allow it to exist . The best plan would be to repeal the act altogether . observed , that primers could not but be perfectly aware of the law . They were reading men , and therefore without excuse if they violated the act . But in cases of inadvertency and honest intention , the magistrate would have the power of mitigating the penalties . There might be such cases certainly , and therefore he would further propose , that the magistrates should be empowered to mitigate the penalty to not less than 10l . over and above the reasonable costs of the prosecution . understood the provision proposed , to be substituted for the clause under consideration to be this , that the magistrate might still if he pleased , impose 718 the full penalty for every copy . If this was the meaning , he must say , that the proposal was extremely objectionable . To say nothing of cases of inadvertency , suppose one of the worst description , where criminal intention was unquestionable , was it to be the law of this country that a magistrate might in a summary manner , at his discretion , impose penalties on a subject to the amount of 20,000l. ? This was a sum which no Court would think of imposing even for a libel after conviction by a jury . A positive law made to prevent the publication of libel was to leave it in the power of a single magistrate to exact this enormous penalty .