if the hon . gent . acceded to his wish , he would have abstained , had he risen , from all comment on the original policy of the campaign . A good opportunity had now , however , ' arisen for the discussion of that subject , but still the hon . gent . continued silent . Professing , then , as he had done , his de-sire to discuss it , and not doing so when an opportunity offered , he could only infer , that the plan had met with his complete acquiescence , and that he had at length been convinced of its wisdom and its policy . He hoped that he might now conclude that the hon . gent . allowed the policy of the plan , and the propriety and importance of acting upon it . What was the practicable object of the hon . gentleman 's warning to the country about the expence of the army ? The hon . gent . declared the expence to be great ; so did every person . Every one , also , allowest it to be necessary , and so did the hon . gent . ; and here ended his '' warning . '' The excess of this year 's extraordinaries over those of last year was only 600,000l . 778 which must have been very reasonably expected . But even this would not have been the case , perhaps , had it not been for the very unfavourable state of exchange . He denied that any member of the government had said that the loss every hundred pounds which we sent abroad amounted to 30l . The assertion was , indeed , in his recollection , but it came from a right hon . gent . on the other side of the House ; who , unfortunately not being a member of the government , could not have very authentic sources of information . The hon . gent . did not , however , it seems , wish to withdraw our troops from Portugal ; He did not wish to do that which could alone diminish the expence . No ; he thought the expence necessary to the country . Where , then , in the name of wonder , was the use of the '' warning . '' No man regretted more than he did the expences entailed upon the country . Concurring , however , as he did with the hon . member , that though the expences Were great , they were necessary , he must think it the duty of every man to exhort the country to bear them patiently , and not anticipate inconveniences which he trusted in God would never occur , but Which , if they should occur , would carry with them the consolation that they were incurred in a just cause , and through unavoidable necessity . , in explanation , adverted to the statement of the first lord of the Admiralty , that there was a loss of 30 percent , on the exchange in the Mediterranean . The right hon . gent , himself had admitted a loss of 20 per cent in Portugal . He had distinctly stated , that his great object was to call the attention of the House to the immense expense resulting from the present system of military policy . The Resolution was agreed to . moved the committal of this Bill . opposed the motion , and supported the former Bill which he himself had brought in . also supported the Bill of last session , the beneficial effects of which , he said , had already been experienced , and considerable property was embarked in consequence there of . He moved , as an amendment , That a Committee be appointed above stairs to enquire into the effects of the former Bill . contended , that it would be entirely inconsistent with the principles of justice , and the practice of parliament , to take away from individuals the right vested in them by an act of the Irish legislature ; and maintained that the act