. They were , however , so very difficult to convince of that which was right , alter such statements as those he had before alluded to had gone abroad , that it was most desirable such should not be made upon slight grounds . said , if either of the right hon . gentlemen opposite , who thought proper to complain so loudly this night , had been in their places when he delivered his sentiments on the Navy Estimates , they would have seen with how little justice they now attacked him ; he had then stated , with a feeling of extreme satisfaction , the correctness and œconomy with which those estimates had been calculated ; they would have heard him ex press his thanks , at the clear and per spicuous manner in which they had been explained to the Committee ; they might have heard him pay his humble tribute of applause to the First Lord of the Admiralty , for several other measures , which 483 he ( sir C. P. ) deemed useful and advantageous to the naval service ; they would have heard him state , that he believed the First Lord had inspired the service with a confidence that was a tower of strength to the country , but he had , at the same time , expressed his regret that the delays and consequent abuses of the Court of Admiralty was still a blot which required to be removed ; and , to elucidate this , he exemplified , as one of the many instances , the blockading squadron , under the orders of lord Duncan , in 1799 , which had captured several ships who were acting in defiance of the blockade , that the proceeds of the ships so captured , at that period , were not distributed at this moment , 1811 : he stated this as a grievance which ought , with many of the same kind , to be inquired into and corrected ; he did not make it a charge against the right hon . and learned judge of the Admiralty Court , nor did he state it cither in tone or temper as such , but as one of those evils which called aloud for a remedy . He now thanked the right hon . gent . for the opportunity of repeating it , and he would do so over and over again , either here or elsewhere ; he did it without the smallest hostility towards any man ; much of personal animadversion had been introduced into this debate by the learned Judge ; he hoped he might be excused , if he alluded to it , and assured the Committee , that nothing but the imperious sense of duty to his country , and affection to the service , could induce him to put himself forward and render himself so obnoxious to the right hon . gent . and his numerous friends . He would ask , what possible motive could be have , but the conviction of his mind that he was doing his duty as a member of that House , where he was entitled to make such observations as he thought useful , and founded in justice ? With these sentiments , he should continue to repeat his observations whenever the interests of the navy were discussed . Having no personal charge to make , he should not feel it necessary to send for the learned Judge all over the town to acquaint him , what he might have known as well as himself , that the Navy Estimates were to be discussed on a given day , and that it was probable that part of the naval service , which regards the interests of the officer and seamen in prize causes , might be noticed ; it was impossible they could be noticed by him , without expressing his regrets , that the evils , so long and so loudly mentioned , 484 were not remedied . The learned Judge , in his speech this night , had been pleased to introduce the state of Algiers and