nothing more than a mere barter of money for money . When , therefore , a very unusual state of exchange occurs , the natural way of accounting for it , is to refer to the definition of the par ; and to infer from it , that such a state of exchange must be owing to some alteration in the value of the currency of one of the two countries whose exchange is in question . An unusual state of exchange is , in point of fact , according to the established definition of the par of exchange , prima facie evidence of an alteration of currency . If we look into the works of the best authority on this subject , we shall find that no one doctrine is more completely established than that which accounts for an alteration in exchange by a previous alteration in currency . Sir John Stewart , an author who has been referred to by several who oppose the report of the Committee , says `` If the pound sterling , which is the English unit , shall be found any how changed , and if the variation it has met with be difficult to ascertain , because of a complication of circumstances , the best way to discover it will be , to compare the former and the present value of it with the money of other nations . This the course of exchange will perform with the greatest exactness . '' Lord Liverpool says , `` In exchanges with foreign countries , and in payments made to them , the intrinsic value of the metal of winch the coin is made , is the only measure of property and commerce '' Now substituting the word paper for metal ; and money for coin , it is , according to his opinion , the value of our paper that regulates our present exchange . He also quotes in his work the case mentioned by Dr. A. Smith , concerning the ex- 1039 change with the Low Countries in 1695 , by which it appears , `` That in consequence of the defective state of the coin at that time , it had fallen so very low that the public lost four shillings in the pound on monies remitted there . '' But it is unnecessary to make any further reference to the works of learned authors , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) has himself supplied a fact which is quite decisive . He tells us that in consequence of the French army having retired into Spain , the discount on Portuguese paper is 1804 per cent , instead of 31 per cent , and that the course of exchange has consequently become more favourable to Portugal , having risen from 67 to 40 . Nothing can be more completely illustrative of the doctrine contained in the Report of the Committee on the subject of exchange than these two facts , which the right hon . gent . has mentioned ; because they shew an improvement in the course of exchange of Portugal in time and degree corresponding with the improvement of the Portuguese currency . But it so happens that there is another feature belonging to this case highly demonstrative of the accuracy of the doctrine ; exchanges between London and every other country having in the course of the last fortnight improved in favour of London , excepting the exchange on Portugal . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) has been at considerable pains , to expose another doctrine of the Report , `` that the course of exchange can never vary on account of trade in a greater degree , than will repay the merchant the expences of transporting Bullion . '' In support of this doctrine , I will again refer to the work of Mr. Harris . `` Bullion , he says , `` is not exported till the exchange is at a certain limit from par ; '' and also that `` Merchants always prefer bills of exchange , whilst they are to be had at moderate rates