such conduct on the part of the projectors was no reason why the public should be deprived of the many and great advantages resulting from this Bill . spoke in favour of the Bill . He detailed the many and various difficulties , amounting to positive obstructions , experienced every hour of the day in passing over London-bridge . The pressure of all sorts of vehicles incessantly passing and repassing , kept the bridge in such a state that it was always needing repair , and of course in many parts of it not passable . He had frequently , on his way to Sydenham , been delayed a longer-time ( his carriage following in the line of carriages ) in going the half mile leading to and over the bridge , than in riding the seven remaining miles.—An hon . baronet had said , that there were already three bridges over the river Thames . ; Paris , a city not to be compared with this , in point of trade , extent , population , or opulence had yet not less than nine bridges over the Seine . The House were in possession 797 of the opinion of Mr. Rennie , and if that opinion should be confirmed : if any accident should happen to London-bridge , he asked , in what a situation would the inhabitants then find themselves , if no provision similar to the one now proposed should have been previously determined on ? He wished also to impress upon the House , that the iron bridge intended to be built would not be less an object of convenience than embellishment . observed , that the Bill , as had been proved before the Committee , was highly necessary , on the ground stated by the gentlemen who had preceded him ; that in order to shew its necessity , evidence was called from among the servants of the corporation of the city of London , who stated , that so great has been the pressure of business , and so narrow the passes , that stoppages of carriages of all sorts have occurred for the space of three or four hours . rose , and observed , that having some time ago stated his reasons for funding 12 millions of Exchequer Bills , and of that sum not more than 7,800,000l . having been subscribed for , he had , in furtherance of the idea which he then entertained and stated to the House , thought it his duty to enter into a contract for supplying the deficiency upon the terms which he then proposed , namely , to fund the whole in the 5 per cent . stock . It was desirable that the gentlemen who had then subscribed should have the same advantage with the present subscribers . He therefore proposed to give to those gentlemen , the ' option of having for every 70l . subscribed , 72l . 12s . in the 5 percents and also for prompt payment , 4 per cent . discount . The permanent charge to the public would be the same in both cases ; and it would be seen , that he had not given more advantage to the new subscribers than he had given to the old , for it was but equitable that both should be on a par . In breaking the loan therefore , no injury would arise to the public interest , though , previous to that time , an idea had prevailed , that great disadvantage would accrue and that stocks would be depressed . Stocks , however , instead of feeling a great depression , had 798 since progressively improved ; and , under the idea then held out , he judged it proper to propose the same terms as had been originally proposed . Having so done , and this day being the last for receiving the proposals in answer , and for closing , he had to state , that the gentlemen on the list who had offered , had closed with them . The amount to be funded in order to make up the