exchange should be regarded as the index of an excess of paper , and that the Bank Directors should not continue to act on the principle that a limitation of paper had no influence whatever on the exchange . This was the point on which they were at issue with the Bullion Committee . That Committee , as he conceived , would have rendered an essential service , even though guilty of all the errors with which the right hon . gent . had charged them—errors 915 however , which he was by no means ready to admit—if they had merely called the attention of parliament to this important subject . The parliament had now to decide on this point of difference between the Committee and the Bank . He would not affirm it to be totally impossible that the exchange should improve , or even recover itself , without any change of system : but his fears predominated . The circumstance that most encouraged hope , was the fact of our exchanges having been restored , after a great depression , in 1800 , and 1801 , and apparently without any effort to improve them made by the Bank . There were , however , three points of difference between that case and the present . First , the exchanges did not fall , in the years of scarcity of 1800 and 1801 , more than about 8 or 10 per cent . below par—they had now fallen 25 or 30 , and even more than 30 per cent . and had continued much depressed for nearly three years . Secondly , we had in 1800 and 1801 a great quantity of gold in circulation , the clandestine transmission of which undoubtedly contributed to improve the exchange , by constituting a remittance ; perhaps also to diminish the sum total of the currency remaining in this kingdom ; and it should be remembered , that it is the amount of currency in general , and not of paper in particular , which regulates the value . Thirdly , we had , after the fall of exchange in 1801 and 1802 , the benefit of an interval of peace . If the right honourable Chancellor of the Exchequer would , assure the House of the approach of peace , he would contribute much to dissipate the present fear . The right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Rose ) had spoken of the balance of payments as having lately been peculiarly unfavourable to this country . A short time before the appointment of the Bullion Committee , the same right hon . gent . had stated in his place , from documents to which he only had then access , how uncommonly favourable the balance of trade appeared to be up to that time . He was right in his statement ; for , upon an inspection of the annual Custom-house accounts of the year 1809 , afterwards presented to the House , it appeared that the balance of that year was no less than about sixteen millions in our favour , if reckoned according to the official value—a balance greater by several millions than it had been in any preceding year . The balance , computed according to the real 916 value , proved to be nearly as considerable , and equally exceeded the balance in real value of any preceding year . He admitted that the Committee had fallen into inaccuracy in stating some parts of this topic ; but it was a subject on which he defied any man to arrive at any thing like precision , and he had chiefly to lament that they had attempted too much specification . They had been betrayed into this course by too great a wish to follow their adversaries into a detail , of discussion of this sort , which he was happy to find that the resolutions of his right hon . friend did not much countenance . He was convinced that it was impossible to form any estimate of the amount of precious metals which went out of the country , or of what