said the Petition was not of his hand writing , it was withdrawn for the present.—Shortly after , sir Thomas having procured the signature of Mr. Luson , renewed his motion . said , the Board of Admiralty had examined into the case of Mr. Luson , with as much attention as if it had originated with them , and not with a former Board . He would be the first to move for an inquiry if a hearing had been 1149 refused Mr. Luson ; but this was not the fact . When lord St. Vincent went through Sheerness dockyard , he found that numberless frauds were practised , and among others , false musters . It was the duty of the clerk of the cheques to have prevented this . Mr. Luson himself acknowledged his fault , and he was punished , as well as many others , with deprivation of place . said , he was not answerable for the facts in the petition ; but he had seen a letter from the hon . gent . himself stating Mr. Luson 's innocence ; and he was at a loss to conceive how he had now changed his opinion . With respect to false musters , all that could be said was , that the office , before the examination of lord St. Vincent , was in a state of great confusion ; and that Mr. Luson was not equal to all the clerks he had under him , by whom he was imposed on . But surely there were shades of guilt ; and this fault of mere inability , ought hardly to have drawn upon a man , after being thirty years in office , such a severe punishment . So high did his character stand in the county of Surrey , that the magistrates would have appointed him to a respectable situation , had that situation not been limited to a certain age . defended the Board of Admiralty . The Petition was ordered to lie on the table . moved for , and obtained leave to bring in a Bill to empower the lords of the Treasury to exonerate those distillers of spirits from sugar from the excess of the duties to which they were liable in consequence of the expiration of the act of the 48th of the King above the duties improved by the said act . This , he remarked , would enable them to go on with their distillation upon a fair and impartial footing.—This Bill was afterwards brought in , read a first time , and ordered to be read a 2d time to morrow.—The right hon gent . then moved , That the Resolutions entered into by the House , on the 12th of . March , should be read ; which being done , he said it was not his intention to take the House by surprise , by making any proposition on this subject now . He wished merely to give notice , that he should to morrow move for leave to bring in a Bill to lay a duty on distillation from grain , in the same manner as if the Bill had passed . He was desirous of doing this , that he 1150 might take the amount into his calculation , for the supplies of the year . It was also his intention , in order to correspond with these duties , to propose a remission on our spirits at home , which would put them on a level with foreign spirits . He did not intend to lay any duty on rum , and should propose to make an alteration in the intercourse between this country and Ireland , and to lay a countervailing duty on the spirits of the latter country . If he was not prepared to offer his full plan to-morrow , he would at least come forward to obtain a suspension of this intercourse for six weeks or a couple of months , till the same could be matured . acquiesced in the propriety of the proposed plan . obtained leave to bring in a Bill for