allowed them ; yet he had the pleasure to say , that all the claimants had acted in a most liberal manner , and indeed there had been a kind of competition among them , who would sacrifice most towards the re-establishment of the property and the amusements of the public . Nor had his right hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) been behind them in liberality and an anxious expression to devote his private to the general interests . As in his whole political and private life , so he had on this occasion evinced the utmost disinterestedness , and in giving up his own 1143 rights , had proceeded till the Committee thought it necessary to put a stop to it : all that he had ever said was , `` Do all you can for the sufferers . '' The hon . gentleman then read a declaration of the Committee , to the effect that all the material obstacles towards disentangling the concern were removed : and , with regard to the second point , namely , the rebuilding of the theatre , all the indulgence he asked was for time to rebuild that noble structure . So convinced was he that this would be thought reasonable by the House , that he even hoped his hon . friend ( Mr. Browne ) would move the second reading to this day three months , but lest he should not do so , to put it in a proper way , he begged leave to move that amendment himself . seconded the amendment and was of opinion that time ought to be given for the rebuilding of the theatre . He appealed to the feelings of the House , and called on them to consider the immortal works of Mr. Sheridan , and the stoical philosophy with which in that House he had witnessed the destruction of his property . Surely some indulgence was due to such merit . After ail , he could not see of what use a third theatre would be , when Mr. Kemble , an accomplished actor and scholar , was under the necessity of introducing quadrupeds to fill the only one which the town now enjoyed . But this was the age of `` osculation . They had hon . gentlemen speculating in canals , who were not possessed of a foot of land , and cared very little for the water ; and they had hon . gentlemen speculating in theatres , who never read the poets , and never entered a play-house . disavowed being a speculator of any kind , and noticed the extreme inconvenience to which the public were put by having only one theatre . If a gentleman applied for a box for himself and family , he was informed he could not get one for fourteen days ; and thus taking it on chance for that time , if they wanted to laugh at a comedy , they were perhaps seated to cry at a tragedy : and if they desired a tragedy , they might be treated with a comedy or a melodrama . It thus happened that the managers of theatres were not competitors for public favour , but the public were competitors for the favour of the single manager who now monopolized the task of providing amusement for this great city . He did not see it shewn even that a third theatre 1144 was unnecessary ; and of this he was sure , that if more theatres were allowed to be built , the public would not have them constructed of a size only to augment the profits of the managers , at which the audience could neither hear nor see those fine expressions of countenance which constituted the charm of acting ; but of a moderate extent , where neither horses nor asses could be exhibited . There was another consideration which pressed upon him from the present state of the theatrical world . Some of he very best male and female performers in the country could not procure engagements , being thrown out by the quadrupeds , which could