this he would reply , that his duty told him something must be done ; and when he I recollected the promise made to him in May , since which a period of eight months had passed , and things remained in the same state , he could not but feel that it was necessary this House should at least appoint a committee of inquiry . The great fatigue which the Lord Chancellor had undergone , both in the House of Lords and the court of Chancery , was such , that only one cause had been heard , and that was not decided . With the assistance of the Master of the Rolls , the list of causes was so great , that more than one hundred were in arrear . Some of the cases which had been decided , from the very long time they were in court , involved much of hardship and distress to the parties concerned . He would instance one—the case of Miles , in which a widow claimed under a testamentary bequest of her husband , and the question which arose out of that bequest was , whether it did not bar her dowry . In the agitation of that question , a period of from 12 to H years had elapsed , in the course of which the widow was reduced to the utmost distress , and the decision was not yet known . Another case was that of children claiming under a will , and entitled to a marriage settlement . Another , was that of suitors claiming a beneficial interest in leases . It had happened that before the decision of the suit the leases had expired , consequently the party interested was deprived of his right . In other cases of tenantry for life , the tenant had died before the decision of the court . These were some of the cases of hardship . Would it , then , be too much to ask for redress ? In addition to these grievances , he would state , from the list of cases in arrears ( which he had gathered from two books , published by a Mr. Beck with and a Mr. Grant ) , two cases of appeal , the one , that of an English writ of error ; the other , that of a Scotch writ of error . In the latter case , though the lords of session had made a decree in favour of the party , in 1805 , yet he was served with a writ of error , and the business came before the House of Lords , and remained as yet undecided . The respondent , an ensign in the army , was in consequence , by 264 by being kept out of his right , reduced to great distress , and but for the kindness of some friends , who knew his claim to be founded in justice , and procured for him an ensigncy , he must have been literally starving . The other case was that of two ladies of the names of Bacon and Wren , entitled to property , but of which a person named Clayton claimed three fourths . This case was heard in a court of law in 1801 , and they got a verdict in their favour . Clayton , however , put in his writ of error , and brought the subject before the House of Lords . There it had continued ever since . The unfortunate ladies were at a very advanced period of life , and by this conduct of Clayton debarred the enjoyment of their right not only for the present , but perhaps eventually . The House , he was sure , would do something to remedy the evil , something to expedite the business , because if they did not , they would by their refusal be doing what my lord Coke reprobated , `` denying of justice . `` —The hon . gent . did not mean to impute to any one person in the courts of equity any dereliction of duty ; on the