balance of exchange being against us . This depreciation , however , could not exist , if it were not for the state in which our paper had been placed . His mind was so firmly made up on this subject , that he did not feel it necessary to trouble himself in reading the numerous publications of those who had argued otherwise . If any person were to tell him that gold bore one price in London and another in Westminster , he should not believe him , convinced as be must be that he laboured under misinformation or misapprehension of the subject . That there must be an excess of paper he did not deny , and he also confessed that this excess of paper had raised the price of every commodity , and of gold with the others . The reason was obvious . Any country having a circulation of precious metals , it naturally corrected itself , but no such limit applied to paper . The grand origin of the rise of gold , however , was the state of trade , and balance of exchange being against us . As this point was disputed , and as it was doubted whether it was the excess of paper or the balance of trade which had turned the exchange against us , he should beg to read the opinion of the editor of Smith 's Wealth of Nations on this subject , who says , `` Hitherto notes answer our purpose , and so will they as long as there is a balance of trade in our favour ; but the moment 1059 the balance of trade is against us , and there is not a circulation ready to meet it , that moment there will be a depreciation of our notes . `` —Now , though this was but the opinion of a writer upon this subject , still being expressive of his opinion as to what would happen , he was more inclined to give credit to it than to any of the fifty pamphlets brought forth since the thing had actually taken place . He did not deny that there was an increase of bank paper ; but this was occasioned by circumstances which rendered the increase necessary . The evil was not attributable , in a principal degree , to the paper , but to the state of trade , and if a change in trade took place , the exchange would , in a great measure , rescue itself . It had been said , there was no difference in value at present between notes and gold in shops . If the system to which he should shortly allude , however , was suffered to go on , no doubt there would soon be a difference . We should see mutton to be sold for 8d . per 1b . if to be paid for in gold ; at yd . if to be paid for in paper . If a remedy of a proper kind was not speedily adopted , the House must be obliged to make this paper a legal tender for debt ; else we might see a person sent to prison for debt with his coffers full of bank paper . An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Huskisson ) in his speech of , last night had talked as if he was proposing what would be a proper circulating medium for a new country which had never yet had any political existence . He seemed as if he had slept during the last and present most calamitous and extraordinary of all wars , and told us what sir Isaac Newton and Mr. Locke said on these subjects . They , however , had argued only on speculation , and could have had no conception of such a country , or of such a state of things as that which we now witnessed . When the hon . gentleman came , however , to the time of Mr. Pitt , he told the House that he never had an idea , nor ever intended for a moment that there