all times have a pernicious tendency . But their lordships ; would consider what were all the regulations which the legislature at different periods had thought it expedient to adopt , but such as created the effect of a maximum . When it was thought proper to grant a bounty on the importation of foreign corn , because the corn of this country bore a certain high price , what was this but to prevent our home produce from becoming higher ? In the same manner when by legislative provision the exportation was prevented , was it not upon the same principle to prevent the high price of corn ? The object of the noble lords opposite seemed to promote a monopoly amongst the growers of corn , and to increase its high price , which would only have the effect of raising the rents ; 'He trusted the country would never have an opportunity of witnessing that House attending to any interests of their owns or of seeing them guided by any selfish principles . deprecated the Bill as tending materially to injure the agricultural interests of the country , and by taking away a part of the market to reduce the demand for , and consequently the growth of barley , which on many lands was an intermediate step to the cultivation of wheat , and thus reducing our supply of food at a time when we had only a precarisous dependence for a supply from the continent . No reason had been stated for the measure ; there was not ' at present any 793 plea of scarcity and it seemed to be only brought forward for the purpose of granting a boon to certain interests . entered at some length : into detail , for the purpose of shewing the fallacy of the calculations stated by earl Bathurst , particularly with respect to Scotland , where grain would be completely , driven out of the distillery market from any competition with sugar . He contended that the Bill was founded upon a most erroneous and improvident policy , and that the only effect of it would be to cause a reduction in the revenue to the amount of 690,000l . ; that was to say to take out of the pockets of the public that sum , and put it into the pockets of the West-India planters . was of opinion , that no injury would arise to the agricultural interests of the country from the present measure . It was proved by the increase of the price of barley , and the increased importation of that article during former prohibitions of the use of that article in the distilleries , that no injury was done by them to the agricultural , and he was therefore disposed to support the present Bill , conceiving that it would not injure the farmer at home , and that it would benefit our colonies . urged the importance of the cultivation of barley , as an intervening step , on a great portion of land , to the cultivation of wheat , and that therefore it was most essential to the interests of the country , that the market for barley should not be lessened by taking from it the demand for the distilleries His lordship moved that the Bill be read a second time this day six months . defended the Bill , and contended that the sugar grower in our colonies was entitled to all the assistance we could render him , and that the barley grower here would not be in the least injured by the effect of the Bill . urged , that the object of the Bill was simply this , not that the West-India colonist should be let into competition with the grower of barley , but that when barley had reached a price to let in the foreign farmer , that then the West India colonist should be let into the market for the distilleries instead of the farmers of France ; and surely when the enormous sum we had paid in during the last year to our enemies for our corn