from assembling . Was this lenity in the Irish government ? Was it moderation ? Was it a regard to the peace and security , and welfare of so great a portion of the inhabitants of this empire ? Why were they not first warned and cautioned before this extraordinary step , and told , you are doing what you are not permitted to do ? we warn you therefore to desist ; do not persist in a conduct which is prohibited by the laws , and by which you may incur the guilt of their violation . But nothing like this was done . From the 1st of January to the 12th of February no step was taken with any such view . The right hon . gent . opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) stated , on a former occasion , that the only circumstance mentioned in the dispatches of the Irish government , as the occasion of the measure , was the letter of the secretary to the Catholic Committee ; and that he had a confidence , when the conduct of that government should come to be examined , it would be found to be correct . It is therefore with the greatest pleasure that I see the right hon . secretary in his place this night , that he may justify the confidence reposed in him by his right hon . friend . This letter contains instructions to arrest the persons therein described , and only to liberate them on bail . Let us look at the powers vested in them by the act of the 33d of the King . In a section of that act it is enacted , That if any delegates of any description assemble in any meeting , or if any person vote at any such meeting , or 274 by any means vote , such representatives or delegates , on their being convicted , shall be liable to be punished for a misdemeanor . The act says , after conviction . But here , in the first instance , before any notice , warning , or report was made to the Catholics on the subject , the magistrates were ordered to commit all persons who had offended against the provisions of this act . Now , Sir , it is remarkable that the offence in this section , of assisting at an election , or attending and voting , is , on the conviction of the person , to be punished ; but this act is in itself no breach of the peace , nor does it necessarily lead to any breach of the peace , but is merely an inchoate offence , unless the delegation actually takes place . Here , however , in the first instance , on account of the mere circumstance of voting , the magistrates are ordered to commit , unless bail is given . I believe the general rule in law has always been , that a justice of the peace , unless he is particularly empowered by statute , can not , in the first instance , hold a party to bail , when no offence against the peace has been committed . For treason , felony , breach of the peace , and for other offences of a similar nature , he has a right to arrest ; but he has no such right in cases which are offences by possibility merely , unless empowered by statute . The statute that creates the offence does not , by such creation of the offence , give a right to arrest . Why in our law is truth a justification for a libel , but no justification for indictment , because it has a tendency to a breach of the peace ; but till the indictment no man can be held to bail . So in many other crimes there are in like manner no powers to commit ; in the case of conspiracy , for instance , and of that most dangerous crime to human society , the crime of perjury , no bail can be exacted till an indictment