stated that there were no documents before the House which could enable them to judge of the merit of his proceedings . He had referred 415 to the sacrifices we had made in the Peninsula . We had sent thither 50,000 men , and we had lost the whole of the Peninsula , except that spot which lay between Cartaxo and Lisbon ; in addition to which , we had also sent to Portugal two million sterling in bullion . We had , during the whole period we were engaged in the contest , been making retrograde movements , and ruin alone could be the result . He said he had never heard any charge whispered against general Moore . He had been sent to a campaign in which no man could be successful . He had acted like a brave , determined , and high-minded officer : and he had sealed his character with his blood . Every thing that surrounded him was covered by distress , and there was nothing at any time to be expected from the enterprize in which he was engaged . As to the question before the House , he was decidedly of opinion that the House should not , in the present state of commercial distress , send two millions more to Portugal . He could demonstrate that the Portuguese soldiers could have been had for one-third less than that which was now paid them . He proceeded to shew that the Portuguese troops had never been of any actual service . They had never been what they ought to have been—a manœuvering army , such as our local militia would have been with the same training . The present war , if it was to be carried on in the Peninsula , must be a warfare of finance ; it could never be attended with any advantage ; and the fatal truth must at length be told , that we could not maintain ourselves in that country . The question was not now , how our army was to get away out of Portugal ; but , when that should come to be the case , he was afraid it would be found to be a difficult matter . Gentlemen opposite agreed that this country must go through the purgatory of invasion ; but he was afraid if affairs went on in their present state they must also encounter the purgatory of a revolution . He looked to the matter in a more manly manner than those on the other side did . They viewed it in a dastardly point of view . He was for fighting with full numbers . Gentlemen opposite seemed to wish to wait till the country had encountered every disaster , and till their means were diminished , and the spirits of their troops broken by defeats in other quarters . On these grounds he was against the grant . The Resolution was then put , and agreed to without a division . contrasted the Committee in whose report the present measure originated , with that Committee on the same subject in 1793 . The Committee of 1793 was composed of fifteen individuals , only four of whom were commercial men . The late Committee was composed of 21 individuals , two-thirds of whom were commercial men , and the other third , persons in office , or connected with office , who were therefore interested in the decision of the question . The right hon . gent . who had proposed the measure , had said , that it was a claim on the humanity rather than on the justice of the House . Now , however the House might lament the distresses of individuals , they had no right to grant the public money on such a ground . His opinion decidedly was , that although the operation of the Bill might occasion an immediate relief to those who were suffering , they would ultimately experience from it the greatest injury . The present commercial situation of the country was very different from that in which it had ever before been placed ; and all