no justification . He would put a case : —suppose a man was in the habit of getting continually drunk ( a thing , by the bye , which he never did himself ) , and that a fellow in the street thought proper to follow him along the flags wherever he went , shouting it out all the road behind him : now here the charge might be very true ; but still no one could say that the libeller was justifiable . The publication of such libels had a direct tendency to a breach of the peace ; for every man could not be supposed to possess the politeness of lord Chesterfield , concerning whom , as connected with this subject , he would relate to them an anecdote . His lordship was walking along the flags , and an impudent fellow pushed him away , saying , `` I never give the wall to a scoundrel . '' Lord Chesterfield immediately took off his hat , and making him a low bow , replied , `` Sir , I always do . '' To the licentiousness of the press no man could be a greater enemy than himself ; to its liberty no man could be a greater friend . All public questions ought to be open to the press ; every subject connected with religion , philosophy , government , of the administration of justice , any thing which could by possibility be supposed connected with the benefit of the nation , ought to be duly and freely discusssed . This was his idea ; and he thought at the same time also , that the licentiousness of the press was the deadliest enemy which its liberty had . He would give them an anecdote on this subject , and perhaps the best history of the country was the history of its anecdote . He had an old friend , an amiable , worthy , able man . This friend and he were always differing , but still be did not like him the less , because he knew he spoke from conscience ; and when a man 155 does that be is entitled , if not to respect , at least to tolerance . They differed , among other things , about the press—he was a friend to its liberty—his friend argued for its restraint . He ( lord S. ) could not help , however , severely Condemning some scandalous libels which were daily pouring forth at that period against lord Bute and the then princess of Wales ; but his friend replied , `` Oh ! never mind them , only let them come to a proper height , and in time the evil will cure itself ; '' meaning thereby , that its licentiousness would at last come to such a pitch that its liberty must be checked in order to restrain it . said , that in his way of considering the subject before the House , it was not necessary that his noble friend , who had moved for the informations tiled within the last ten years , should be able to establish by evidence a probable ground of abuse to entitle him to have the papers he asked for . It would be sufficient for him to show that from any cause , from the increase , for instance , of printing and of periodical publications , a very large body of the people were daily subject , in the exercise of useful and honest occupations , to a prosecution , not attempted to be vindicated by the greatest law authorities , but as an anomaly in the constitution for the punishment of enormous offenders against the very existence of the State . On this principle he admitted that Informations Ex Officio were as ancient as the law , and were suffered to remain by the statute of king William , when informations by the King 's coroner were taken away . But if these informations , instead of being applicable as formerly to a very small number of persons upon extraordinary occasions , became applicable to ordinary abuses