who spoke last , would not dispute the excess ; yet how could that excess be indicated except by depreciation ? —That depreciation , in the case which I have supposed ; the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) could not deny ; but he must acknowledge that it would arise from other causes than discredit . The argument , therefore , or rather the suggestion ( for it has not been distinctly argued ) , that there can be no depreciation unless arising from or accompanied with , discredit : and the inference which it covertly insinuated , that they who affirm bank notes to be depreciated , intend to attack the credit of the Bank , —entirely fall to the ground . The alledged depreciation of Banknotes consists in this—that , whereas they did in fact represent heretofore the real as well as the nominal value of the coin which constitutes our lawful money , they , now represent its nominal value only . This is the answer to the question of the right hon . gent . 1087 In return , my hon . friend proposed a question to the right hon . gent. , to which I think he has not yet given any answer . `` If you affirm , '' said my hon . friend , `` what I deny , the equivalency of Banknotes to money , tell me , What is the common standard by which you measure that equivalency ? '' This question the right hon . gent . has altogether evaded . He as given no answer to it.—Docs he mean to acquiesce in those which have been given for him by others who have taken the came side with him in this debate , or by some fanciful writers , who , under the guise and garb of practical men , have indulged themselves in the wildest theories and imaginations , upon this subject of the standard ? `` The coin , '' ( says a noble lord , who `` poke last night ) `` is ( or was ) the standard of the paper . '' But this description does not advance us a single step ; for the question still remains , `` What is the standard of the coin ? What is that common measure to which coin and paper may be equally referred for the purpose of ascertaining their agreement , or disagreement , with it , and with each other ? '' The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) has indeed devised a singular definition of this measure , in which I should be exceedingly curious to know whether the right hon . gent . concurs . He defines it to be `` a sense of value in reference to currency as compared with commodities . `` —I hope I do not misquote him . To the best of my recollection , these were the very words— '' A sense of value ! '' But whose sense ? with whom is it to originate ? and how is it to be communicated to others : who is to promulgate , who is to acknowledge , or who is to enforce it ? How is ft to be defined ? and how is it to be regulated ? What ingenuity shall calculate , or what authority controul its fluctuation ? —Is the '' sense '' of to-day the same as that of yesterday , and will it be unchanged tomorrow ? —It does fill me with astonishment that any man , of an accurate and reasoning mind , should not perceive that this wild and dangerous principle ( if principle it can be called ) would throw loose all the transactions of private life—all contracts and pecuniary bargains—by leaving them to be measured from day to day , and from hour to hour , by no other rule than that of the ' fancies and interests of `` ach individual conflicting with the fancies and interests of his neighbour . A `` sense of value ! `` —It is not many days since an experiment was tried upon 1088 this `` sense