replenish their coffers ; however they might have exhausted them in the mean time , by a liberal assistance to government , and however they might have omitted to replace their issues by the purchase of gold in the market . I do not say that such has been the conduct of the Bank : I say , that if such has been their conduct , it is perfectly natural and excusable . We know , indeed , in point of fact , that they have omitted to purchase bullion . I regret this—because I think that continued purchases , on their part , would have tended to keep their notes and the precious metals more nearly on a par . But we have nothing to do with the policy On which the Bank conducts its own private concerns ; we have no right to examine into the state of its coffers ; and it would be highly improper and mischievous to do so . We had a right to require , before the Bank restriction , payment of their notes in specie on demand : that right we have voluntarily foregone for purposes , and with a view to interests not of the Bank , but of our own ; and all that we have now strictly aright to require of the Bank , is that it shall be ready to resume its cash payments at the period which Parliament has fixed for that resumption . It would , therefore , in my opinion , be unjust to shorten by any compulsory measure the duration , or to change the nature of the term for which the restriction has been enacted . But I also think the change would be impolitic as well as unjust . I am for ad- 1127 hering to our bargain ; although I do not think it a very wise one . I am afraid , that if we proposed to alter it for our own convenience , we should not only not obtain our object , but , by throwing loose the terms of the existing agreement , should risk the non-performance of that agreement when the period for exacting it arrives . That our first object might be defeated by ( he Bank , if we could suppose that the directors of the Bank ( which , however , I am very far from believing ) were capable of defeating it by design , —is sufficiently obvious . But even innocently , and with the sincerest desire to conform themselves to the expressed wish of Parliament , the Bank directors , suddenly driven out of the course which they may have adopted in reliance upon the former act , by this new and unlooked-for interposition , might , by the very measures which that interposition Rendered necessary , create a state of things which would oblige us hastily to recall it . We read in the Report of the Bullion Committee of the alarming effects of a too sudden and violent contraction of the Bank issues . We feel at the present moment the ill effect of an uncontrolled augmentation of them . The result of the present discussion must and will be ( I can not doubt but it will ) to check the latter evil : but I am afraid , that , by fixing peremptorily a new period for opening the cash coffers of the bank , we should incur a danger of the former kind to an extent of which the consequences can not be foreseen . Of these consequences , that which I most apprehend , which I think the most certain , and consider as the most to be deprecated , would be that , the act under which the restriction is now limited being repealed , the new limitation would be found impracticable ; and that we should thus he left without the prospect of any definite period for the restoration of the sound and natural state of our currency . In the present state of this discussion , I shall be well contented if we come out of the committee with the principles of