originally assembled to promote . But he has been utterly unable to name the period at which this alteration commenced , or the time their new purposes have been entertained . AH is conjecture—vague and unsupported statement . In proof , however , of his assertion , the right hon . gent , has told us that some violent speeches were made at the meetings of the Committee . Are we then , because some individual , perhaps more warmly than is prudent , inveighs against the authors of a particular grievance , to condemn to silence all those who may assemble to take it into quiet consideration ? Is the indiscretion of one man to involve in its consequences the interest of thousands ? What should we think of his candour who , because he had heard a talkative , impertinent person engross to himself the privilege of speaking , should set down ail the rest of the company to be fools ? Among the speeches alluded to by the right hon . gent , is that of Mr. Finnerty , who is now confined in Lincoln gaol for a libel on lord Castlereagh . I certainly can not claim any acquaintance with Mr. Finnerty , and it strikes me very forcibly that the introduction of that gentleman 's name on this occasion was an expedient of the right hon . gent. , intended to serve a special purpose . Now , Sir , as to the speech itself of Mr. Finnerty , I can not , I confess , see any thing in it which is not equally creditable to himself and to the Committee , to whom it was addressed . For what is its drift and argument ? He , an Irishman , lately arrived from England , finds the Irish Catholics in a state of discontent and irritation , ascribing their grievances to English connection , and he tells them that they are deceived ; that the English people are not deaf to their complaints ; that they are not insensible of their sufferings and their wrongs ; but that these ought to be attributed to the government of England , and to the government alone . He exhorts them not to despair , not to desert their appeal to parliament , and urges them to a steady and unremitting 319 perseverance in the course on which they had already entered . These , prudent and well-timed suggestions were , prudently adopted by the Committee , and although it is certainly very natural that ministers should think them very reprehensible , it would be strange if this House should can sign them to condemnation . But , it seems , that other speeches were made , aye , and of still greater violence—speeches of such terrible and alarming import , that the right hon . gent , is positively afraid of reading an extract to the House , although these same speeches have been already published in every newspaper . `` While all this was going on , '' says he , `` we forbore still , although we had secret information of it . '' Secret information of it ! Incomparable lenity ! Admirable secresy ! `` We were watching their meetings—we knew in our secret council all their operations—our spies were at work—we received accurate intelligence respecting every speech or motion that was made . '' Indeed ! O statesman like caution ! O wise and provident counsellors ! You did , then , succeed , by these mysterious channels , in making yourselves acquainted with what was known to every individual in Dublin , and regularly published in the newspapers of the day ! ( A laugh , and cries of hear ! hear ! ) —You became fully apprised , on the 10th of February , of Mr. Hay 's Circular Letter issued on the 1st of January , and of the Resolutions passed at the Catholic meeting on the 19th of the same mouth.— ( Here Mr. Ponsonby read a Report of the Proceedings of the Committee on the 19th . ) Then observe the great utility of this secret