but were totally inapplicable at present . Last year when the House could only proceed upon conjecture , there was naturally great variance of opinion . There was then plausible ground for the doubts and differences which agitated the minds of men . The scepticism and despondent feelings of the hon . gentlemen opposite were then in some measure authorised by the recollection that France had just concluded a peace with Austria , and was prepared to employ its whole force in the Peninsula . We had now had experience of these additional levies , and could frame our calculations upon a sure foundation . The Portuguese had shown themselves to be equal to the combat , and warranted us in entertaining a sanguine expectation of their future exertions . Under what circumstances then did his Majesty now call upon the House to renew the Grant of aid to Portugal ? What last year was expectation , now was proof : what then was doubt , was now become certainty : what then was apprehension , was now confidence . The hon . gentleman had referred to speeches made on former occasions , and had , as usual , predicted evils , because he did not find them in existence . This , however , he thought , was a mode of treating the subject which came with rather a bad grace from that quarter , at the present moment , and was a species of defence very easily and very readily resorted to by those who had nothing better to set up . What had been the fate of those predictions which so boldly pronounced the unfitness of the 411 Portuguese levies ? We had been asked , what would become of the Portuguese armies in the event of our abandoning that country ? Calumny , little , he conceived , in unison with genuine British feelings , had been lavished on their faithful and persevering allies . For his own part , he must deprecate and condemn the mode which bad been so industriously made use of to influence the public mind against Portugal , and to excite unfavourable impressions respecting the issue of the campaign in that country , by publications of several descriptions , which were issued daily , weekly , and monthly , aye , and he could add quarterly , from the press . They had been tauntingly told , too , that the British name was unpopular on the Continent—that while France improved the institutions and reformed the governments of Spain and Portugal , we made alliance with their weakness and corruption . France was represented as conciliating the affections of the people by her works of regeneration ; if so , what was the return she had met with from the rugged and ungrateful people of Portugal ? They had united heart and hand in resistance to the invader , and were now in arms against him in greater numbers than had ever before been witnessed in that country . They had not waited to stipulate reform , before they took up arms to resist the aggressor . Criticisms had once been passed on the impolicy of dispersing our force and wasting its strength in a multitude of unconnected operations ; now the censure was , that that force was concentrated . The defence of the present measure , he conceived , might be rested , not only on its own merits , but on the concessions made by the hon . gentleman himself . It appeared extraordinary to him that it should seem to any hon . member necessary that the battles of Britain should be fought only on her own shores ; for surely those who were anxious for her defence , and who saw the matter in an unprejudiced light , could not wish to see her armies unemployed , and would not suppose that they were idly to look on , while Buonaparte was drawing parallels and occupying heights , preparatory to his attack , and that no effort should be made to prevent his operations . It was something , in his estimation , that the fatal