. The year , which has passed , has not only enabled me to reconsider my former opinions , and the grounds of the part I have before taken on this subject ; but it has offered new and most valuable matter , to my consideration . The Chinese penal code is new subject matter offered to the contemplation of all Europe . It is impossible to praise too much the meritorious assiduity , and the almost incredible labour by which such a work has been added to the literature , and to the legal , and political materials of the western parts of the world ; nor can I too strongly recommend to the perusal of those , who hear me , the admirable , profound , and enlightened comment on this code , in a deservedly admired periodical work , published at Edinburgh , not many months 629 since . In that excellent comment , the excessive and unprofitable accuracy and minuteness of the regulations of the code are very ably exposed , as well as the constant desire to regulate every thing ; to interfere in every action , and to fix immutably , before hand , the effect of every shade of distinction , which a case may receive from its circumstances . By this code , the whole actions of a man 's life are submitted to the controul of government : the legislator , seeming to forget the suffering and debasement , that was to result from the destruction of individual freedom , and seeming only to think of permanent controul and complete superintendence . The commentator most successfully points out the absurdity of the minute and anxious attempts at accuracy in distinguishing cases and proportionate punishments ; and observes , that these minute regulations have their origin in `` unenlightened presumption : '' experience proving , that the exact apportionment of punishment is unattainable , and not even worth attaining . In almost all cases , he says , of variable delinquency , the law need only fix the maximum of punishment , leaving it to the judge to give effect to such circumstances of mitigation as may arise : all beyond this is `` foppery and childishness . '' He continues , however , to observe , that it is not a little remarkable that this exact adaptation of pains to offences , ( which we have seen is always attempted in ignorant times , and abandoned in those enlightened , ) is recommended by Mr. Bentham . But I will not detail further the admirable observations of this commentator , but will venture generally to recommend the whole comment to the perusal and consideration of those who hear me . Sir , I will venture also to recommend to the perusal and consideration of gentlemen , another excellent comment in the Edinburgh Review of April , 1804 , on Mr. Bentham 's `` Principles of Legislation , published at Geneva , in 1802 , by M . Dupont . '' The commentator observes sarcastically , that M. Dupont is persuaded that this publication must make an epoch and a revolution in the science of which it treats . Indeed , every body now seems desirous of creating new eras , and introducing new systems of logic , ethics , and legislation . But I will not go into the details . The commentator , however , well observes that there are innumerable cases , in which the advantages to be gained by the commisson of the crime , are incalculably greater than the evils to 630 which it may expose the criminals ; and he ridicules Mr. Bentham 's idea of exactly apportioning punishments , and thinks `` our undistinguishing grossness better than such foolery . '' Our undistinguishing grossness may perhaps be the effect of our foggy and impure atmosphere , and suited to it : and Mr. Bentham 's work may be better suited to the pure air and more wild and romantic scenery of the country in which it was published ; a country fitter for lofty speculations ; a country , indeed , which afforded the first