had always thought , and still was of opinion , that the sudden limitation of paper at that period tended not to mitigate the alarm , but rather to increase it ; but it unquestionably served to manifest the general habit of the Bank of reducing their issues when they found their gold taken from them . Since 1797 , the Bank having been subject to no drain , in consequence of their being under no obligation to pay in cash , the experiment of a limitation of discounts had not been tried , and it had not been likely to be tried between 1783 and 1795 , for that was an interval of peace , when exchanges are less subject to fluctuation , and when , moreover , the current rate of interest in the market being lower than in war , and as low perhaps as the rate charged by the Bank , there would be less disposition than in war to borrow of the Bank to an extent which should lead to an excessive issue of notes . It was in evidence before the Secret Committee of 1797 , that the Bank had , at one period of the peace , deliberated whether they should not lend at a less rate of interest than five per cent. , so small was then the demand for discount . This subject , of the rate of interest , was 905 one to which he wished to call the attention of the House ; it seemed to him to be a very great and turning point . If the principle adopted by the Bank was that which they professed , of lending to the extent , or nearly to the extent , of the demand made upon them by persons offering good mercantile paper , the danger of excess was aggravated in proportion to the lowness of the rate of interest at which discounts were afforded ; and one cause , as he conceived , of the somewhat too great issues of the Bank , during the present war , had been the circumstance of their lending at five per cent. , when rather more than five per cent . might in reality be considered as the more current rate paid by the merchants . Private bankers had generally found , during the war , that the growing demand of their customers on them , for discounts of five per cent . on very good bills , was apt to exceed the supply which any means of theirs could enable them to afford . If they gratified every wish , there would be no bounds to the gradual increase of application . They therefore gave the preference to some applicants , and the persons who obtained the accommodation conceived themselves to be receiving a favour . The usury laws forbid the banker to charge more than five per cent . ; but be who borrowed from a private banker , naturally , and of his own accord , bestowed the benefit of his running cash , which was often an important consideration ; while , in the case of his discounting at the Bank , he kept a running cash which was extremely insignificant , and therefore borrowed at the rate of exactly five per cent . in that quarter . Again , if he borrowed in what is called the money market , he gave to a broker a small per centage on every bill ; and thus paid not less than five and a half or six per cent . per annum , in the way of interest . It was material to observe , that there had , since the beginning of the war , been a continual fall in the value of money ; he meant , of money commonly so called , whether consisting of cash or paper . This had been estimated by some at 60 or 70 per cent . and certainly was not less than 40 or 50 per cent . ; which was , on the average , 2 or 3 per cent . per annum : it followed from hence