Printers , his hon . and learned friend had said , were reading men , and therefore inexcusable if they violated the law . But this law had been violated even by those particularly conversant with the law . Masters in Chancery had inadvertently issued printed warrants for attendance without a printer 's name , and had been indemnified by act of parliament . Persons of the purest intentions were liable to these penalties . The law punished indiscriminately the criminal and the inadvertent . Nay , it bore particularly hard upon the honest and unwary . They attempted no concealment—while it might be difficult , perhaps , to get hold of the criminal and to levy the penalty from him . In this respect , as well as in many others , the proposition was very objectionable . Why should the most honourable and useful business of printing be subjected to such severe restraints ? There were none such till of late ; from the period of the Revolution and the establishment of king William on the throne , times which had been generally admitted to be the best of the constitution . On a particular emergency , extraordinary restraints might properly be imposed . The cause was temporary ; the effect unfortunately was permanent . If his hon . and learned friend had proposed to repeal the act of the 39th entirely , he would have decidedly supported him . agreed with the noble lord that it would be inexpedient and dangerous to leave to the magistrate the power of convicting in penalties to an unlimited extent . It would be taking from juries the right of determining on libels of any description , and giving that right to the justices and to the courts of quarter sessions . To this he could never consent . Determined enemy as he was to the licentiousness of the press , he could never agree to 719 vest such a power in the hands of the magistrate and the court of quarter sessions . The only correction which suggested itself to his mind was to limit the extent of the penalty in which the magistrate should be empowered to convict . Perhaps 100l , might be found a proper limitation . begged the Committee to consider what Would be the effect of allowing the excessive penalties which the present act permitted . The penalties did not belong wholly to the crown . A moiety went to the informer . If therefore the crown were disposed to remit its share of these penalties , a common informer might sue for his proportion , and this would operate as a perpetual imprisonment on the party offending . Now , it was well known that in cases of libel the term of imprisonment adjudged by the court of King 's Bench , seldom exceeded two years . Let the Committee recollect the time and circumstances under which the existing act passed . Its object was to prevent the gratuitous distribution of papers of a seditious tendency , by certain societies , which were enumerated in the act . Those societies had ceased to exist ; the evil to be apprehended must therefore have ceased to exist ; and he was at a loss to discover on what principle the continuance of such severe enactments could be maintained . If continued at all , the extent of the penalty should be limited . What he was anxious to establish , was , that the offending party should be sued for only one penalty . If the single penalty at present enacted were insufficient , let it be increased . Although he should consent reluctantly , yet he would agree even to the extent of the penalty being made 500l . leaving to the magistrates the discretion of mitigating it to 5l . He would also propose that it should not be in the power of an informer , under any circumstances , if the magistrates were so ill advised as to levy the extent of the penalty , to prevent the crown , if it thought proper , from remitting the whole . He adverted