30 miles from Carlisle , was four per cent . against Dumfries , where the notes in question circulated . This was a complete proof of the effect of a depreciated currency on the exchange . As to the nature of a standard or a measure of depreciation '' about which so much had been said , it was difficult to ascertain what it should be fixed at , for different reasons ; but he thought that instead of making gold or silver the standard , it would be better to fix on the assize of bread , and if this was taken , it would appear , that in the fourteen years before the Bank Restriction Bill , it had been at 7½d . the quartern loaf , and now it was at 1s . 2½d . which fully proved the case . He might be asked , however , what remedy he had to propose , for the evils which existed , as he was not disposed to acquiesce in those which had been offered . He confessed it was a difficult and delicate matter to offer an opinion upon such a complicated subject . It must be obvious to every person capable of forming any idea upon the subject , that the remedy should not only be applicable to the entire correction of the evil , but so guarded and qualified , as to prevent its operation from becoming more injurious than the disease it may be intended to cure . As things stood at present , he must contend , that if the sound state of the currency were to be restored without the collateral guards to which he had alluded , it would be impossible for the country to pay in sound coin of standard value , the enormous pensions and salaries at present enjoyed , besides the army and navy expenditure , together with the in- 1160 terest of the debt , created with a view to the progressive state of depreciation . Considering the rate at which we were proceeding , the interest of the debt would probably , at no very distant period , amount to 50 or 60 millions . How could the people pay this in sound currency ? But then again , it might be said , `` what remedy have you ? '' That was a hard question . He could not save a dying man . But he must blame those who produced the disease , and carried on the delusion , which began with the funding system , and would ultimately prove its destruction . He thought , however , something should be done for the security of funded-property , which would be ruined . The country had derived no benefit from this measure of restriction . The Bank had derived great profit from it . It had forfeited its commercial character by becoming a tool of the minister of the day ; and , as in the South Sea scheme , he thought the estates of the directors ought to be made liable for the losses sustained by the public creditor in consequence of the restriction . That being his opinion , he would not shrink from declaring it . said there was , in his opinion , but one way of getting quit of the increasing evil at present felt by the country . The consequence of proceeding in our present course must inevitably be ruinous to the country ; and the first opportunity should be taken of reverting , if possible , to a better state of things . It appeared to him , that the members of the Committee in general , and the learned gentleman who opened the discussion , had been placed in a very hard situation . They were bound to declare their opinion as to the true line of policy which they conceived proper to be adopted by the House ; yet all who had opposed them had considered them in the light of persons who had come voluntarily forward , and proposed measures of the utmost danger to the country if agreed to . They were bound