act of parliament , in full force ; in such force , indeed , that the very persons against whom it was to operate , recognized it in every part of their proceedings by their efforts to avoid coming within its provisions . It is obvious , that the Committee had this act always in their view ; and I defy the most ingenious man in the House to look fairly at the whole proceedings of the Committees of 1809 and 1810 , and to controvert that proposition . Until an occasion occurred which required the exercise of the Covention Law ; of course it could not operate : that occasion did occur , and I really am at a I loss to know upon what ground it is contended , that a proclamation ought to have been previously issued . Proclamations are only resorted to in particular cases ; such , for instance , as the Insurrection Act , winch was not always in force . The government , when it frit itself called upon to put that act into execution , must , by the law , announce that intention by a proclamation ; but , in the case of an act of parliament always in full force , it is absurd to suppose that government was bound to issue a proclamation before they acted upon it . A case also occurred the other day in Ireland , in which the issuing of a proclamation was necessary ; I mean in the case of the application of the manufacturers to government for relief . In that case , two hundred thousand pounds were 299 issued to them , but as there was no act of parliament in force upon the subject , and parliament were not sitting , the advance was necessarily made under the authority of a proclamation . Under such circumstances as those I have stated , a proclamation is proper ; but I never before heard it contended , that a proclamation was necessary to enforce the statute law of the land . I trust , Sir , I do not flatter myself , when I express a hope that I have now satisfied the House , that , when the Irish government thought it necessary to adopt some measures for the security of the public peace ; when this letter , of which the right hon . and learned gent , complains so much , was issued , the Catholic Committee had assumed a new shape ; that it had arrogated powers very different , and much more extensive than those with which it was originally invested ; in short , that it had taken a form highly dangerous to the peace of the country . I hope I have proved that the Irish government continued to act upon a system of forbearance and lenity until it was compelled , in point of duty , and called upon from every part of the country , to adopt the measures that might be necessary to preserve the public peace . Most undoubtedly , Sir , if the intelligence which I have just detailed to the House , had reached the Irish government time enough to have enabled them to have taken the opinion of the ministers of the Prince Regent , they would have done it ; but it is evident , from what I have stated , that the Irish government could not have delayed taking the step it was compelled to take , without allowing the Catholic Convention , or Parliament , as lord Ffrench had called it , to have had at least one meeting , the effects of which might not have been easily effaced . The Irish government fell also , that it was absolutely necessary , for the preservation of the tranquillity of the country , to put a stop to the elections in the different `` parts of Ireland which had actually commenced , and to shew the people in general the danger they were incurring , and the unpleasant predicament in which they were involving themselves , by acting in conformity to the letter of the secretary