crossed the front of the allies , and eventually turned their left flank . From the position of Busaco we likewise learned lord Wellington descended 203 with some degree of precipitation , with the intention of destroying or carrying away the stores deposited at Coimbra . The possession of that place was , however , of short duration , the allied army soon passed to the left bank of the Mondego , and the French obtained some supplies which could not be removed or burned by the allies . I will not make any delay in order to criticise the report made relative to the Portuguese militia , and the expectation formed of their frustrating the movement of the enemy through Sardao . The mention of such expectation excites more than a common share of surprise . Can the warmest admirer of irregular troops conceive that a body of Portuguese militia , after the events of the present campaign , could stop a French army , of considerable numbers , in full march to a great object ? With the permission of the committee , I will now communicate to the superior wisdom of the gentlemen who now hear me , my conjecture on the causes which led to the attack at Busaco . It appears , by a document proceeding from the Regency of Portugal , that some Portuguese had espoused the French side of the question , and , by a price set upon the marquis of Alorno 's head , at this period , that he was particularly obnoxious . In the American war , the British had partizans of the same description . When life , fortune , and character are at stake , the opinions of men are naturally heated , and their sentiments should be adopted with great caution . It occurs , therefore , to me , that the Gallo Portuguese persuaded the French . General to try , at all risks , an attack upon the British and Portuguese , when formed in one line . They impressed him with a belief , that the Portuguese battalions would not stand the French fire and attack , and that a chasm would be made in some part of the position of the allies ; from which state of confusion , a general , skilful in military movements , would derive the greatest advantages and happiest consequences . Such an event might present to marshal Massena the golden opportunity of achieving a great victory , at a considerable distance from Lisbon , and the shipping of the British . The consideration of the scene of action , the mode of the attack , the manner of desisting from it , the movements made directly after the repulse , all confirm me in the belief of the suggestion I have deliberately entertained . The motionless state of lord Wellington 's army , immediately subsequent to the defeat of the French columns , and 204 the proclamation which marshal Beresford gave to the world about this period , both likewise minister to my conviction on this subject . The proclamation alluded to , cites all Portuguese officers , then absent from their battalions , immediately to join their colours , or plainly tells them they shall be stigmatized as deserters . This term of infamy , proves the enormity of the transgression , and the number of the delinquents . Such a circumstance of notoriety could not escape the knowledge of the enemy 's spies , and the Portuguese adherents to the cause of France , and ; united with the other causes which . I have enumerated , might have had some weight in alluring marshal Massena to make the experiment which I have described , as the attack of the allies upon the ridge at Busaco , can not otherwise be accounted for , and appears , without such a design , entirely unnecessary . From the neighbourhood of Coimbra , the two armies moved with all possible celerity ; the allies , to attain their strong position at Torres Vedras ; and the French , to bring lord ' Wellington to action ,