before us , I oppose to the practical truth referred to by the Committee in general terms only . In regard to the discredit of paper , the Committee , putting on one side cases where an excess of paper has been accompanied by a want of confidence , stale , that examples of the other sort , in which the depreciation was produced by excess alone , may be gathered from the experience of the United Kingdom : and they refer in the first instance to the passage in Adam Smith , wherein he remarks on the superior advantage of the Carlisle bank , which paid its notes in specie , over the one at Dumfries , which did not . It is , however , to be observed , that the advantage alluded to did not arise merely from the former paying in cash , but that the latter took advantage of an option they had as to the mode of discharging their ; notes , with others payable at uncertain times : it is not wonderful , therefore , that there should have been a difference of 6 per cent . in the value of the paper of the two banks . But when the Committee refer to the experience of the Bank of England in support of their positions , they fall into the most extraordinary train of inconsistencies and errors I almost ever met with . This is their opening on the subject : `` The experience of the Bank of England itself , within a very short period after its first establishment , furnishes a very instructive illustration of all the foregoing principles and reasonings . In this instance , the effects of a depreciation of the coin , by wear and clipping , were coupled with the effect of an excessive issue of paper . The directors of the Bank of England did not at once attain a very accurate 862 knowledge of all the principles by which such an institution must be conducted . They lent money not only by discount , but upon real securities , mortgages , and even pledges of commodities not perishable ; at the same time the Bank contributed most materially to the service of government for the support of the army upon the continent . By the liberality of those loans to private individuals , as well as by the large advances to government , the quantity of the notes of the Bank became excessive , their relative value was depreciated , and they fell to a discount of 17 per cent . * '' We are then referred to two works , which I feel almost confident the members of the Committee had not read themselves— '' A Short Account of the Bank , '' by Mr. Godfrey , one of the original directors ; and `` A Short History of the last Parliament , '' in 1697 , by Doctor Drake† ; both in lord Somers 's Collection of Tracts . For their not having read the first I have presumptive , and for the latter , I think , I have positive , evidence . It will be recollected that the Committee strongly mark their disapprobation of the opinion expressed by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank—that no inconvenience would result * The Committee do not state their authority for this ; it may be correct , but I have not been able to trace it . † With the work of Mr. Godfrey , who was certainly a man of considerable note in the city , I was well acquainted ; but conceiving Dr. Drake 's `` History of the last Parliament , '' to be the libellous work under that title for which he was prosecuted on an address of the House of Lords , I had not taken the trouble to read it . I find , however , the Doctor wrote two treatises with the same title : the one recommended by the Committee contains a fulsome panegyric on the ministers of king William , who not rewarding him for it , be published the second ,