no proof : as little was there any proof of any kind effort on the part of the Irish government to admonish them of the dangers of such an attempt , to make allowances for the irritation they must feel , at seeing themselves excluded from an equal participation of the privileges enjoyed by their Protestant fellow subjects ; an exclusion which must naturally prove so galling to freemen . Such forbearance and such admonition , would have only been the act of a mild , beneficent , and paternal government : but such a disposition was not to be expected from the noble lords opposite ; though they might well suppose it to be the disposition of the illustrious 11 person who was at the moment preparing to assume the direction of government . Such an opportunity was not to be afforded to that illustrious person . So far as he was yet informed , he could see no ground whatever for the extraordinary conduct of the Irish government . The noble Secretary , indeed , contended , that it was to be found in the Letter upon their lordships ' table from Mr. Hay , the secretary to the Catholic Committee , But it did not appear in the face of this Letter to whom it was addressed or sent . Whom did the noble earl mean to say it was sent to ? To all the Catholics of Ireland ? Or to what particular persons ? Would he profess ignorance on that head ? If ignorant , in what a light did the government stand before their lordships and the country ? It was of much importance to know who they were , to whom this letter were sent ; for he would admit , that if so large a meeting were assembled by delegation , contrary to law , and for undefined purposes , it would be dangerous to the public peace . There was nothing satisfactory upon this subject , in the Letter . The Catholics seemed to think that they were not violating the laws ; and therefore the ministers were bound in justice to lay the grounds before parliament , and the names or descriptions of those to whom the letter was sent . There were other points of yet higher importance . They were to judge of the time , the temper , and the tone of this Letter of the Irish Secretary ; and above all of the time . Their recent unfortunate debates on the Regency Question seemed to have put them out of all thoughts of such a thing as a government . Had the lord lieutenant 's secretary the power to do this act without consulting the King 's commands , or those of the illustrious person who exercised his authority ? The Letter could not be defended in any way but on an indispensable urgency , unless the ministers were prepared to maintain that the lord lieutenant 's secretary was actually the regent of Ireland . Let their lordships look at the nature of the government of Ireland . There were many of them who must know the practice of that government . There ought to be some of them then opposite to him . Would they have done this without taking the King 's commands ? Such was the constitution of that subordinate government , that they could do no more without consultation with the government here , than the ministers here could without the authority 12 of the Prince Regent . Such was the ordinary mode of business , and this course was surety particularly necessary to be attended to now . What right had they to suppose that the Prince Regent would approve of the act . They had but one answer to make , and that was , that the matter pressed upon them so suddenly as to leave no time for communication . He had anticipated such an answer : but the fact turned out , that the Irish Catholics Secretary 's Letter was dated January the 1st . In order to enable their lordships to judge , let them say how