proceeded to establish the liberty of the press , while they drove out of their country one of her most zealous , faithful , and active adherents , the late duke of Albuquerque . After some other observations , the hon . gent . concluded by asking , if it was to be endured that such men as general Graham and his army were to be subject to the command of such a man 674 as La Pena had shewn himself to be . What did that officer mean when he ordered the jaded troops of general Graham , jaded from the double toil of a long march and a hard fought victory , to push their success and raise the siege of Cadiz ? Where were his own soldiers ? or was the command issued sarcastically ? He was aware that these were delicate points , and that in a country where they appeared as an ally , they must he cautious how they laid claim to any chief or exclusive command ; but there must be a limit to that delicacy ; it must not carry them beyond all consideration of their own army . He would rather run the risk of offending the Spaniards , than sacrifice such an army as that commanded by general Graham . This country , in her proudest days , could ill spare such an army—its safety should not be risked upon punctilios to those who did not seem to know how to estimate its value ; besides , they were not warranted in counting upon precisely the same glorious results in the recurrence of similar circumstances . A very little more advantage on the part of the enemy might have turned the scale even against the same portion of skill , discipline , and intrepidity : numbers on the part of disciplined troops were a formidable advantage , against which no skill or courage could calculate with certainty . He thought it necessary to make these few observations upon a subject which he thought of all others called for explanation . He took the present opportunity in preference to that offered him in the debate on the question of thanks , for the reasons he had already stated . gave the hon . gent . great credit for his forbearance on a former occasion , and thought it would be most unfair on account of such forbearance , to preclude him from the right of subsequently discussing the subject . He could not , however , help saying , he thought the hon . gent . had expressed a stronger and more determined censure on the Spaniards than could be justified by the evidence in the possession of the House at present . If he had confined himself to expressions of sincere regret at the circumstance of the English having been left to fight the battle alone , and required some explanation on the subject , he should have thought such conduct on the part of the hon . gent . perfectly natural and perfectly right ; but , uninformed of the whole of the circumstances ( as he con- 675 ceived he must be , as no information had been furnished on the subject by general Graham ) , to venture to describe all the Spaniards as cold blooded spectators of the contest , was , he thought , neither generous nor just to those persons who were now to be put to their trial in Spain . It was not generous to the individuals , nor was it just to the cause . It was impossible to think such men could consider themselves fairly dealt with by this country , if they were thus to be prejudged when their conduct was yet to undergo a legal investigation . Did general Graham in his letters furnish grounds for any such statements as had been made , that they were all cold-blooded spectators , and all anxious to withdraw themselves from the field ? If he did not , such a statement could not be justified . But what if he had said the reverse ? He had said so in