takes place . For such crimes have merely a tendency in their operation to a breach of the peace , but are not such a breach in themselves , and consequently a justice of the peace has no power to commit . But whatever may be said as to these , sure I am , that as to the offence of the persons mentioned in the right hon . gent . 's letter , the magistrates can have no more power to hold to bail than for the most innocent actions of their lives . Do but hear the instructions which are issued— '' you are required to cause to be arrested , and to commit to prison ( unless bail shall be given ) , all persons within your jurisdiction , 275 who shall be guilty of giving , or having given , or of publishing , or having published , or of causing or having caused to be given or published , any written or other notice of the election and appointment , in any manner , of such representative , delegate , or manager as aforesaid ; or of attending , voting , or acting , or of having attended , voted , or acted in any manner , in the choice or appointment of such representative , delegate or manager . '' Yet attendance , according to the Act , does not constitute an offence against the Act , but merely the circumstance of voting . Read the words of the Act ; `` if any person shall attend and vote , or by any other means shall vote , '' & c. But by these directions the magistrates are ordered to cause all persons who may have attended at any meeting to be arrested ; though these persons may have attended for the most innocent purposes ; though they may have attended for the most meritorious purposes ; though they may have attended for the very purpose of dissuading such delegation . And yet we see all these innocent , or meritorious persons are liable to be arrested and sent to prison , unless held to bail , which in an instance when an individual is struggling against the whole power of government , must be frequently impossible . Surely the law is in all conscience strict enough . It was not necessary for the right hon . gent . to make another provision to its severity . He will , therefore , excuse me , if I ask him whether the measure of the Irish government was previously submitted to the Crown lawyers in Ireland ? The other facts connected with this measure are fully as extraordinary . On the 12th of February the right hon . gent , denounces this assembly as an unlawful assembly , and threatens to proceed against all persons guilty of so assembling : and he sends two officers of the police to disperse the assembly , which he had thus denounced as unlawful . Here are these officers sent to a room in Dublin where the Catholic Committee was sitting . They asked the gentlemen present , if they were the Catholic Committee ? According to a story given in a periodical paper , in the interests of government , they answered , 'Yes ; ' but , according to another account , written by the Catholic gentlemen , contradictory of the former statement , they said , No . Then said the magistrates , we are very glad ; we have not the smallest inclination to disturb you ; we are quite satisfied ; and so they walked 276 off without taking any one measure against this Catholic Committee . Certainly , however threatening and exasperating was the nature of the right hon . gent . 's letter , his messengers were messengers of peace and calmness . These messengers were not imbued by these terrible apprehensions of the Committee , otherwise they never would have suffered them to escape their vigilance by merely saying to them , we are not that Catholic Committee which you are sent to disperse . There is another very extaordinary circumstance