one or two guineas in my pocket I should certainly pay them away with Bank notes without asking a premium for them , because it would not be worth my while either to keep so few by me , or to require to be allowed their , real bullion value . The case would be otherwise with any 1037 one possessed of a large quantity of them In point of fact there was nothing but the terror of a penal law which prevented an actual premium from being established on guineas . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) seems to deny it . Does he mean to say that this penal law has the property of maintaining Bank paper at a value corresponding with that of coin ? That it has the property of equalizing a currency of paper with a currency of coin ? That in addition to the causes of value laid down by all great writers on political economy , he means to add the properties of a penal law ? This he must be ready to do , if he denies my position , for was it not for this penal law , gold coin could never be found exchangeable with Bank paper in the face of the present price of bullion . But it so happens that this law has not been altogether efficient , that some persons have not regarded it . There are at this moment three cases under prosecution , where the crime alleged and proved has been that of giving a considerable premium for guineas . It is a matter also of general notoriety that this practice of giving a premium is universal ; that it is become a regular traffic , and that it would be an open one , were it not for the supposed legal restraint upon it . But there are several ways of shewing that guineas bear a premium by transactions which would not fall under this law . ; I hold in my hand a news-paper that I received this morning from Ireland . It states that on Monday at Belfast , guineas bore a premium of 15½ per cent , when bought in the bank of Ireland paper ; the exchange of bank of Ireland paper for bank of England paper between London and Belfast on that day was nearly at par . Whence it is plain that guineas in comparison with Bank of England paper at Belfast , bear a premium of 15½ per cent . Again suppose two bills of unquestionable credit drawn in Liverpool on London for 105l . each , one made payable in guineas , the other in Bank-notes ; what would be the respective value of them on the ' Change at Liverpool ? computed : in pounds sterling , one would ; bring 105l . ; the Other , taking that market price of gold to be 20 per cent , above the mint price , 126l ; With such evidence , I then , that guineas do really bear a premium , with what colour of accuracy can the right hon . gent ; , having admitted that a premium would prove a depreciation , maintain that no depreciation of Bank paper has taken place ? 1038 With respect , Sir , to the question what the true cause is of the unfavourable state of the foreign exchanges , it appears to me , that in examining into it sufficient attention has not been paid to the definition of the meaning of the par of exchange . About this definition no difference of opinion exists ; every one agrees that the par of exchange between two countries , is a given sum of the currency of one country , which contains the same quantity of bullion as a certain given sum of the other ; this is the definition which every one of the witnesses examined before the Committee has given . Hence it is plain that foreign exchange , in its true sense , is nothing more than a comparison of currencies ; and that every dealing in exchange , is