in the opinion , that the convertibility upon demand : of paper into coin is the only permanent and certain security against excess in the issue of paper ; and must be anxious that , this principle , having been called in question , should be unequivocally affirmed , More especially 1125 must those persons be anxious for such an affirmation , who are prepared to vote for the last but one of the propositions of the right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Vansittart ) ; in which the expediency of returning to cash payments as quickly as possible , is so clearly and properly recognized I have already declared that I am one of those who concur in that proposition ; and who would not object to voting at the same time for the concludirig proposition of the right hon . gent . which declares the inexpediency of reverting to cash payment '' at the present moment : but to those propositions , the Resolutions of the hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Horner ) which I have already discussed , and especially this fifteenth Resolution , appear to me to form the best and most natural introduction . I now come to the concluding Resolution of the hon . and learned gent. , and that with respect to which alone I differ from him to the extent of being compelled to vote against it . Agreeing with him as I do in all the main principles of his argument ; admitting as I do , that the evil which he has denounced exists , and that he and his fellow-labourers have traced it to its source ; admitting also that it requires remedy ; I am certainly bound to explain why I can not go along with him in his practical conclusion : and I will endeavour to explain myself upon this point , I hope to his satisfaction . The object of this Resolution is to change the term of the restriction upon cash payments at the Bank ; and to ascertain , though not necessarily to shorten , the period of its duration . I have already said , that throughout the whole of this business , I consider the Bank as entirely passive . The restriction was originally imposed upon them by Parliament . By Parliament it was renewed more than once during the continuance of the former war , alter the Bank had declared its readiness to pay in cash ; —by Parliament it was re-enacted at the re-commencement of the war ; —and with a policy , which I deeply regret , but for which the Bank is he way answerable , was made commensurate in its continuance with the continuance of the war . If therefore the error has prevailed of considering this as a war measure , it is not to the Bank , but to Parliament , that this error ought to be imputed . The Bank Was taught by Parliament so to consider the subject ; and it is hard to visit upon the 1126 Bank , the consequences of our own error . Nothing can be more obvious than that , concerning its own interests as a commercial corporation , the Bank may have thought itself not only warranted but obliged to adopt a different course of conduct , with a view to prepare for the resumption of cash payments at a period of six months after a definitive treaty of peace , from that which they would have adopted with a view to a different period , definite in point of time , but independent of the consideration of peace or war . It is possible that , taking the colour of their opinions from Parliament , and considering the war as the cause of the restriction , and peace , whenever it should be made , as certain to supersede the necessity of it , they may have thought that the six months , which are to intervene between the conclusion of the definitive treaty and the call upon them for cash , would be sufficient to enable them to