was called the balance of trade , by instituting calculations of the value of exports and imports , and by then combining with these the amount of drafts drawn on government account , and all the other items which remained to be added to the two sides of the statement . The errors committed by those who had gone the furthest in such attempts were a warning on this subject . The right hon . gent . had remarked , that the sum paid for foreign freights had been erroneously stated by the Committee , as being to be deducted from the favourable balance ; and he was right to a certain extent , in this observation . It , however , only followed from hence , that the Committee had . represented the balance somewhat less favourably than they should have stated it . The year which had passed subsequently to their Report , was certainly much more adverse than that to which they adverted , the large importations of corn in 1810 having materially augmented our imports . Neither this circumstance , nor the burning decrees of the enemy , on which much stress had been laid , were known at the time when the Committee made their report . He must advert , before he concluded , to the important subject of the standard of our currency . There was great danger of our finally departing from it , if we suffered the present depreciation of our paper to continue . The first resolution of his right hon . friend appeared to him to be liable to the construction of laying in some claim to depart from it , if such a measure should hereafter be deemed expedient ; for it asserted the King 's right to alter the standard : and the very mention of such a right , at a period when the 917 temptation to exercise it was occurring , might naturally excite apprehension among the public . Indeed the argument in favour of a deterioration of our coin ( or of a change of its denomination , which was the same thing ) , would , while the present state of things continued , grow stronger every day . To change the standard when the paper has been long depreciated , is only to establish and perpetuate a currency of that value to which we already are accustomed , and may also be made the means of precluding farther depression . The very argument of justice , after a certain time , passes over to the side of deterioration . If we have been used to a depreciated paper for only two or three years , justice is on the side of returning to the antecedent standard ; but if eight , ten , or even fifteen or twenty years , have passed since the paper fell , then it may be deemed unfair to restore the ancient value of the circulating medium ; for bargains will have been made , and loans supplied , under an expectation of the continuance of the existing depreciation . If , therefore , we were in earnest in our professions of attachment to the standard , we ought not to place ourselves in a situation of irresistible temptation . By the present decision of the House , the question of adherence to the standard might be determined . It had been said , that , by our present contest in Portugal , we were in truth defending England , since We were preventing a conflict which might otherwise take place on English ground . We might , by the parliamentary contest of this day , prevent a struggle for the maintenance of the standard of our coin . We were now , perhaps , fighting that battle , and at a time the most favourable for it . If the limitation of paper had been Urged when the exchanges were only six or eight per cent . against us , it might have been said , that the evil was not sufficiently considerable to deserve attention . If we waited till they were fifty or sixty