sides in politics . To what the noble lord alluded he sincerely professed that he had not the most remote idea . The assertion was utterly incapable of being answered , because it was utterly unintelligible . He had been charged by the noble lord with proceeding partially in the case of the Morning Post . Having found when he came into office a prosecution pending against the Morning Post for a libel ( which libel the noble lord acknowledged he thought would have been better passed over in the first instance ) , the noble lord asserted that instead of prosecuting he had entered a noli prosequi.—This was not the fact ; the proceeding had been instituted towards the close of 1806 , by his learned friend who preceded him in office . An application had been `` made to his learned friend , by a friend of the editor of the paper , to stay proceedings on giving up the author . For a considerable time after he ( the Attorney General ) came into office , he heard nothing of the prosecution . He was then informed by the solicitor for the Transport Board , against which Board the libel had been written , that a Mr. Jevers had been ascertained to be the person who sent the article to the office of the Morning Post . He was also informed that this was not considered sufficient , and that then Mr. Jevers gave up the name of capt . Roach , as the author of the article . He was also informed that capt . Roach was not in England , having been abroad when the prosecution was commenced ; of course , this business being connected with the Transport Board , passed under the notice of the counsel for the Admiralty , and the consideration of steps proper to be taken was in fact committed to Mr. Jervis and himself . The advice they gave was , `` that it would be proper to defer determining what was fit to be done , until the truth of the alle- 580 gation should be proved by the result of the indictment against captain Roach , on the affidavit of Mr. Jevers ; and if the prosecution should fail against Captain Roach , then to bring it against the other . '' This he could assure the House , was the first and the last which he knew of the matter . He had since , however , upon inquiry , learned that captain Roach ( who was a most meritorious officer ) had made a representation to the Transport Board , by which they had been very much softened , although a difference existed about a public apology , which capt . Roach declined to make . Soon after capt . Roach was again sent on foreign service , and there the matter rested for the present . He put it to the House , therefore , whether he had evinced any partiality in this proceeding . Adverting to the sentiments of the noble lord , with respect to the libel in two country papers , and in the Statesman , against the Commissioners of the Property tax , in Lancashire , he observed that h '' had stayed the prosecution against the two country editors , on their giving up the author of the libel , Collier , against whom a prosecution was now pending ; and that he had persevered in the prosecution of Mr. Lovell , because , to the copy of the libel , he had added a most aggravated commentary . He had thus replied to the principal remarks made by the noble lord . The charge against him was , that he had used the power , which was meant only to curb the licentiousness of the press , For the purpose of restraining its liberty . He appealed to the candour of the House , whether there were any symptoms to that effect in the daily and weekly publications that issued from the press ? Could they for a moment believe , that any fair discussion of a political