the American minister , and he then rose to request some further information on this subject , in explanation of what the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said in reply to him on Friday night . He had then asked that right hon . gent , whether the hopes held out in the Speech , of a favourable termination of our difference with America , were done away , the American minister having had his audience of leave ? The right hon . gent. , if he understood him right , answered , that the hopes of a favourable termination to the present discussions were not at an end ; for that , though the minister had indeed had his audience of leave , a chargé d'affaires still remained to conduct these discussions . It was added , that a minister plenipotentiary had been appointed here to proceed to the United States . It was of the utmost importance that the real state of the case should be thoroughly understood . He therefore took that opportunity to state to the right hon . gent. , that he had it in a circuitous way , but from good authority , that the American minister considered the discussions as at an end before the audience of leave ; that though a chargé d'affaires was to remain here , he was not to carry on those discussions ; but that Mr. Foster , on his arrival in America , would have to originate the whole anew . In this situation of things , he asked the right hon . gent. , whether he would have any objection to lay the correspondence between Marquis Wellesley and Mr. Pinkney before the House ? As to any influence they could have on the Americans , they would know them sooner through their own press than from their publication here , and it was of the utmost importance they should be known here as soon as possible . In the common channels of information he had seen articles , with some shew of coming from anthority , in which the differences were stated to be upon points which never could have been in discussion at all . He wished this matter to be set right . It was highly desirable , not only that the property of the merchant should be secured , but that the minds of the people in both countries should be kept free from whatever irritation and hostile feeling might arise from error and misconception . said , he had not been misunderstood in the main part of his statement , although the hon . gent , had certainly mistaken what he had said on 176 some points . He was pretty sure that when he mentioned that an American chargé d'affaires was to be left in this country , he stated that it was for carrying on the accustomed political intercourse and diplomatic relations between the two countries ; but that he never staled or implied that the chargé d'affaires was to carry on the particular discussions . That was certainly not the province of a chargé d'affaires , and therefore those discussions were terminated in this country previous to Mr. Pinkrey taking his audience of leave . There was a great deal of difference , however , between such cessation of the discussion and the discussion being altogether broken off , as had been stated by the hon . gent . His Majesty 's ministers most unquestionably did not conceive the discussions to be closed . On the contrary , the minister who was going to America would take over propositions on the part of this government , which they conceived to be intitled to a favourable re ception in America . The hon . gent . had asked him , whether he had any objection to lay before the House the correspondence between Marquis Weliesley and Mr. Pinckney on this subject ? He must answer , that he saw very considerable objections to it . Although it '' America , the practice might prevail of publishing such correspondence before the discussion was terminated , yet it