. and learned friend ( Mr. Morris ) had expressed it . It was time that had become the innovator . Gentlemen would have it supposed that these laws , which he now wished to see amended , were the combined efforts of all the great men who had lived before us . So much the reverse of the fact was this , that these laws had all passed without discussion of any kind . One or two discussions on particular criminal laws did take place previous to this reign ; the others , as lord Bacon expressed it , had been passed on the spur of the occasion . A gentleman would stand up and move that in such a case the benefit of clergy should be taken away , and it was done . The only choice of punishments thon was , to brand the hand , or imprisonment for a year . The right hon . 660 gent . asked the worthy baronet ( sir J. Anstruther ) what he meant by restoring the law ? He would tell him . To give back to the offence the benefit of clergy ; to let the law stand as it did before the act of queen Anne . To the cases already mentioned , he begged to add the case of an apprentice tried in the year 1807 before Mr. Justice Lawrence , for robbing his master of his pocket-book , containing six 10l . bank notes . There were alleviating circumstances in the case . The master had held out an improper temptation to the boy , who had otherwise be haved in a most exemplary manner . In these circumstances , what could the jury do ? They found the boy guilty of stealing 39s. ! A most serious and distressing situation in which to place a jury , by which they must find little less than a judicial murder , or get the better of it by a judicial perjury . A cruel case , first to compel a Jury to call on God to witness their observance of the oath they had taken , and then to open the Statute-Book containing this act , and say , you must consign this boy to death , or you must violate your oaths . This was a most cruel course in which to persevere . If he had some opinions against him , he had also opinions of great Judges , now no more , in his favour on this subject . He had the opinion of judge Blackstone , whom , as he had then ceased to follow the profession of the law , his hon . and learned friend would probably conceive to be only a sort of dilettanti lawyer . He esteemed the severity of our criminal code as deplorable , and lamented that it should not be revised , at least once in a century . Lord Bacon , too , had set about a revision of this code ; and even lord Coke , an enthusiast , and even a bigot where the established law was concerned , observed , that though ourlaws went to inflict punishment , they did not go to prevent crime , which could only be done by instructing the poor and ignorant . He ( lord Coke ) looked to the period when the English nation should be employed in that work , and prayed blessings on the head of those who should promote it . These he esteemed authorities at least equal to the Recorder and Common Serjeant of London . moved the second reading of this Bill . opposed the Bill on the ground of its breaking in upon the line of financial reform already laid clown . was hostile to the second reading of the Bill upon the same ground . opposed the second reading . He was averse to any step that could have the least tendency to raise a suspicion on the part of the people of the sincerity of the efforts making by that House in the financial reform already entered upon . said , that amongst the objections he