Lord Holt again , who in a subsequent decision on the same cause , expressly states , that `` Informations were at common law * * * * . For a crime committed in York can not be punished here by indictment , for it can not be removed out of the county , therefore it is only punishable by Information . '' So that if this decision of Lord Holt refers to ex officio Informations , it is clearly his opinion , that they are only good in cases when Indictments will not lie ; and in conformity to this opinion , is that of Mr. Justice Black-stone , who , on this point , says , `` The informations , that are exhibited in the name of the King alone , are of two kinds : first , those which are truly and properly his own suits , and filed ex officio by his own immediate officer the attorney general ; 2ndly , those in which , though the King is the nominal prosecutor , yet it is at the relation of some private person or common informer ; and they are filed by the King 's coroner and attorney in the court of King 's bench , usually called the master of the crown-office , who is for this purpose the standing officer of the public . The objects of the king 's own prosecutions , filed ex officio by his own attorney general , are properly such enormous misdemeanors , as peculiarly tend to disturb or endanger his government , or to molest or affront him in the regular discharge of his royal functions . For offences so high and dangerous , in the punishment or prevention of which a moment 's delay would be fatal , the law has given to the crown the power of an immediate prosecution , without waiting for any previous application to any other tribunal . '' Certainly , Sir , this definition of Mr. Justice Blackstone does not correspond with the dilatory manner in which these 562 Informations have been prosecuted ; and upon this , it is , that I would ground the uselessness and illegality of the power . Is the evil such as to require an instantaneous remedy ? What is there in it that requires the sudden effort to suppress it . Or if a libel be this ruinous thing , why does the Attorney General put off its trial for six Or eight months ? Out of the whole 42 Informations filed within the last three years only 10 have been brought to sentence . Two of the accused have been acquitted , two are still unsentenced , ten have never been proceeded against after conviction , eight never tried , one not found , and three are still for bail . Perhaps these ten are to be forgiven like the rest , and that , of course , will be solely attributed to the humane disposition of the Attorney General ( Hear , and a laugh ! ) But , Sir , is it no punishment to have such a prosecution depending over a man 's head ? Is there nothing in the expence and the perplexity and the harassed mind and the doubts and suspence of the unfortunate person who is thus threatened by the Attorney General as the victim of that species of prosecution , which according to Blackstone , ought only to be had recourse to in cases that are of vital importance to the state ? The seventy informations previous to the year 1791 produced fifty convictions : the fourteen previous to the year 1807 produced 13 convictions : but in the last three years , the House will look at the number which have been convicted , and at what has been done in the other cases , and I then leave , it to the House to judge of the influence which by this proceeding is given to the Attorney General . Sir , in the 4th and 5th of Will . and Mar . an Act was passed for putting a stop to vexatious Informations .