. He denied that there had been any bad management in the early period of the existence of the Sierra Leone Company . The directors of the Company had every year shewn their accounts to their constituents , who expressed themselves perfectly satisfied , and from whom they always parted in good humour . The formation of colonies had always been found a matter of great difficulty , although frequently undertaken by men of the greatest talents . That of Sierra Leone had already been of the greatest benefit to Africa . If it was of service to Africa to abolish the Slave Trade , the establishment of the colony of Sierra Leone had materially contributed to that service , by affording an opportunity of observing more accurately the transactions connected with it ; and of viewing whole districts depopulated by the civil wars stirred up by that shameful traffic . He repeated his joy that the affairs of the colony were to be investigated by a Committee of that House . They would see the necessity of doing something to compensate in some degree to Africa the evils which we had formerly occasioned her . He well knew , that a great and lamented friend of his ( Mr. Pitt ) had cherished intentions of the most beneficent nature towards Africa , and that it had been in his contemplation , whenever , the Slave Trade should be abolished propose to parliament the application considerable sum of money to the purpose of civilizing that unhappy quarter of the globe . would vote for the grant before the investigation , because he did not wish to inspire in the colony a distrust of the firmness of its establishment . He admitted that the climate was unhealthy ; but not to the extent which had been represented . Certain it was that the number of the Maroons and Nova Scotia blacks regularly increased . He confessed , that it had sometimes occurred to him that the appointment of a chief justice was scarcely necessary ; but he was aware that this was a question on which legal men were much more competent to determine than himself . begged to repeat his former question , whether the chief justices of the other colonies were resident ins them ? said he could not state distinctly whether all were , or not ; but he was positive , that the greater number were , and he believed they all were . said , that all were resident but the one of Dominica . moved , `` 1 . That towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty , there be issued and applied the sum of 996 , 927l . 18s . 4½ . being the Surplus of the Consolidated . Fund remaining in the Exchequer for the disposition of parliament , upon the 50 day of April 1811 . 2 . That toward making good the supply granted to his Majesty for Naval Services , there applied the sum of 420,364l. , arisen , from the sale of old Naval and Victualling Stores . '' There was in the last year a surplus of 7,000,000l . and odd thousands pounds , but it was a surplus produced by the concurrence of many circumstances : which would not be reckoned on in other years , a surplus of 600,000l . having taken , place on the taxes alone . In consequence of this , he had been induced at that period to recommend the application of a certain portion to the expences of the current year ; and he had even the satisfaction to state to the House that the actual produce exceeded the estimate by 1,353,000l . He felt the greater satisfaction in stating this , as it afforded a practical refutation of reports which had gone abroad , calculated to give a gloomy view of the trade and finances of the country . The House would no doubt rejoice in this proof indeed , any proof were wanted , that there was such a vigour in the trade , and such a solidity and stamina in the revenue , that it