Ireland ? Is not our sister kingdom stripped to nakedness , and , by the late circular letter of the government , goaded to despair ? I forbear to ask for returns of the regular force in that island , which would equally prove the insecurity of that country , and the imbecility of his majesty 's ministers . I believe it has been said , since the commencement of this session , that the numbers of men are as great as they ever were for the protection of that island . But doubting , as I do , the validity of that assertion , of what is the force for the defence of Ireland now composed ? I entertain a great respect both for the volunteers and militia of that country . I have often seen and admired them . But I pass over summarily this question , by giving an opinion to the committee , after the experience arising from a considerable command in that island , during the present and the last war , that Ireland ought not to be left without 25,000 regulars , during the 211 continuance of the vital struggle between Great Britain and Buonaparte . If , upon due consideration , I imbibed that opinion nearly six years ago , the changes made in the north of Europe , since that period , rather augment than diminish my conviction with respect to the force necessary for the security of that important quarter of the empire . Within the precincts of this island , every thing has been gleaned of a military description , to advance the Quixotism of ministers upon the continent . From the infantry of the line almost every battalion has been selected that was fit for service . Of the cavalry , you have not sent the last draft , at least you have not embarked the eleventh regiment , because I suppose representations have arrived of the unfitness of the local , in the neighbourhood of Lisbon , for the operations of light dragoons , and of the present straightened situation of the cavalry already in that country , on account of forage . But from the guards , which have two brigades at this instant serving in Portugal and Cadiz , you have been compelled , by imperious necessity , to make a miserable selection in point of numbers . The three regiments produced , according to the information of the public prints , a reinforcement for the army in Portugal of 100 non-commissioned officers and privates . All the brigades , regiments , battalions , corps , and even companies which could be collected , have been assembled , and sent to the peninsula . The great majority of them have long been acting upon the continent , and the last division of the British reinforcements has , ere now , arrived on the shores of the Tagus . Laying out of the question the hazard incurred in all the quarters from whence troops have been drawn , what have you achieved , or what can you accomplish ? From the frontiers of Spain , the allied armies of England and Portugal have fallen back to the neighbourhood of Lisbon , and with the pressure of an expense which will soon prove intolerable , and , to defray which , you must make an increase of your tax upon income , you have collected all the distressed inhabitants of Portugal to ask for daily bread at the hands of the British general ; whilst our common enemy , pleased with the measures of your insanity , in prosecuting a continental war , is congregating at his leisure a mighty force , and can add to its immensity and mightiness in the comparative proportion of ten combatants to one , He is not entangled 212 by suffering inhabitants—by the cries of humanity—or by the importunities of famishing thousands : he is not restricted in his operations , by any respect for laws , human or divine : he does not call in vain for reinforcements ; nor has he drained to the dregs the military population of Europe