am almost sure that the right hon . gent , must , upon reflection , be aware of the perilous tendency of such a confusion . But in the mean time , forasmuch as a correct and complete definition is preferable to one which is undeniably and dangerously defective , I can not hesitate to vote for the eighth and ninth of the original Resolutions , to the exclusion of the right hon . gent . 's most unnecessary and most suspicious amendment . The tenth of the original Resolutions contains a clear , indisputable , and ( as I have before described it ) inevitable conclusion , from the state of the law , as accurately laid down in the preceding Resolutions , coupled with the notorious and undisputed fact of the high price of bullion . The truth of the averment contained in this Resolution is not directly denied . The dispute is only whether that which is admitted to be true is not nevertheless unfit to be recorded . It is not denied that the exchangeable value of Bank-notes is at this moment considerably less than their denominative value , if those values respectively be measured in gold or silver ; but it is disputed whether gold or silver be the fit measure of the value of Bank-notes . This is in effect the whole of the argument , not upon this Resolution only , but upon the whole question in dispute . It is the single point on which all our discussions turn . I have already discussed this point so 1118 much at length , and have so nearly ( as I am afraid ) exhausted the patient indulgence of the Committee , that I do not think myself at liberty here to recapitulate the arguments upon it . I will content myself with asking of those who maintain a contrary opinion , and particularly of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) `` If the precious metals , and particularly that one which is the legal standard of the currency of the country , be not the proper measure of the value of that currency—what is ? '' The right hon . gent . has his answer ready in his third Proposition : and a most curious one it is.— '' Public estimation '' is , according to the right hon . gent . the true standard measure of the value of a currency ; and the common measure of the two parts of a currency as compared with each other . If I felt upon this question with the spirit of a partisan—if I had been a member of the Bullion Committee , and were responsible for their Report , I should say , that the right hon . gentleman 's third Proposition was absolutely beyond my hopes . Speaking impartially , I must say , that if I had seen this third Proposition any where but where it is , fairly printed and numbered in the right hon . gentleman 's series , I should have thought it an invention of his antagonists , calculated to place the fallacy of his doctrine in the most glaring and ridiculous point of view , but carrying the licence of exaggeration rather beyond pardonable limits , and defeating its purpose , by the grossness of the caricature . I would have taken no other person 's word than the right hon . gentleman 's own , that he , a man of science , a man of practical knowledge and experience , was the author of this Proposition . This Proposition , however , is not now regularly before us . I think it absolutely incredible that it should ever be brought before us for our direct consideration and adoption . It-is now only to be viewed as the contrast and contradiction of the tenth Resolution of the hon . and learned gent . ; as intended to divert us by the prospect of something better from sanctioning that Resolution . And how does it effect that purpose ? By showingus that , if we will let that Resolution alone , and