hon . friend so managed the course of his argument as to make it impossible that he should arrive at any definite conclusion.—With a semblance of candour which seemed as if he had adopted an inverted mode of reasoning as the best calculated in this particular instance for discovering the truth , he begins with examining the question of excess.— '' Prove , '' says my right hon . friend , `` that there exists an excess , and then I will be ready to go with you into an inquiry whether that excess has produced depreciation ? `` —Now it can not be necessary to remind my right hon . friend , that to reason from effect to cause has always been the course of sound philosophy.—The Committee affirms the existence of depreciation ; and , as that depreciation can not arise from any doubt of the solidity of the Bank—of its ability to meet its engagements , they attribute it ( unanswerably , as appears to me ) to excessive issue . `` Prove this excessive issue , '' says my right hon . friend . But how is positive excess ( if I may use that expression ) susceptible of proof ? How is it possible to prove , that too many bank-notes are issued , so long as there is a single applicant willing to receive them ? The comparison of the amount of bank-notes in circulation with that of the aggregate , pecuniary transactions of the community would of itself afford no certain criterion of the sufficiency or excess of that circulation—even if it were possible to state that comparison with any thing like accuracy . But who shall pretend to state the actual aggregate amount of all the pecuniary transactions of the community ? So far as a pretty general increase of prices is any symptom of excessive currency , that symptom undeniably exists.—But I acknowledge it to be no more than a symptom.—I admit further that the mere amount of bank paper in circulation , however large it may be , docs not of itself necessarily constitute excess . I admit that there is not excess , unless there be depreciation . Whether depreciation does exist or not , is , therefore , the question which must necessarily have the precedency in our examination . The right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Vansittart ) , when he opened his 1086 counter-propositions to the House , put , to my hon . friend near me , ( Mr. Huskisson , ) the question— '' What do you mean by depreciation ? `` —He put this question , rather irregularly , in the middle of his own speech ; and seemed to think it matter of triumph that he did not receive , at that moment , an answer in a single word . An answer he has , however , since received , and I should imagine ( in one sense at least ) to his complete satisfaction . `` By depreciation , do you mean discredit ? '' said the right hon . gent . If by discredit , the right hon . gent . means a doubt of the solidity of the Bank , —a doubt whether the outstanding demands upon the Bank do not exceed the amount of their assets , —unquestionably no such doubt exists , and consequently `` discredit '' enters for nothing into the `` depreciation '' of Bank of England paper . But when the right hon . gent . has obtained this concession , it appears to me that he has obtained nothing at all towards overthrowing the arguments his antagonists , or towards establishing his own . For the same concession would be equally , true with respect to a paper currency which should represent to its full amount the whole moveable and immoveable property : of the country . There would be assets in existence adequate to the redemption of that paper . Of a paper issued to such an amount , although resting on such unquestionable security , it is probable that ray . right hon . friend ,