country . A guinea was not now to be seen , for it really happened with him that be wanted two guineas , he wanted some substantial gold , but he could not obtain a single guinea . His tenants paid 791 him in paper , not a tenth part of which was in Bank of England notes , but in those of country banks ; and indeed he grew apprehensive lest they should become invalid in his possession.—The noble earl next adverted to the Property Tax , as collected from landholders like himself , and from tenants in general ; with respect to the latter , he was sure that tax was very imperfectly collected ; and if ministers would turn their attention to the subject , they might , he was confident , increase the revenue to upward of two or three millions . Upon the whole , he was satisfied this Bill would be injurious to the interest of agriculture , and he had considered it his duty to express these sentiments to the House . rose for the purpose of stating to the House , the principle and nature of the measure now under their lordships ' consideration . He would as briefly as possible detail the regulations which guided the principle of this Bill , which were a relative proportion to the price of sugar and the price of corn It was not fit , heir lordships would perceive , that the price upon which the computation was founded should be too high , nor on the other hand should it he at too low a rate . The relative proportion was therefore taken , with respect to barley , at 38s . a quarter and with regard to sugar , at 70s . 9d . It would be found that the quantity of spirits produced from each of these articles would be nearly equal , and if their lordships would attend to the calculation with respect to the price itself , upon the raw article , and the duty to be imposed , they would distinctly observe the price of the spirit to the distiller would be the same upon each . The noble earl proceeded to compute the prices on a certain quantity of barley and malt , and the duty thereon , together With the price and duty on a quantity of sugar proportioned to produce an equal quantity of spirit , whereby it appeared that the price to the distiller on both these articles would be 12s . 0½d . on each gallon of spirit . It was thus that the relative proportion became such as to bring sugar into the market upon equal terms with those of grain . In respect to Scotland , there was a difference which obliged those who adjusted the proportion between the prices and quantity of each of these articles to adopt some variation in the computation , and the proportion concluded upon left the price of a gallon of spirit from one 9s . and from the other 9s 0½d . The result of this differ- 792 ence between England and Scotland was , that an advantage accrued to the last mentioned part of the kingdom . In anticipating the objections against this measure , there was one which be did not conceive could be applied to the principle of the Bill , and would more correctly fall under their consideration when the House should resolve itself into a committee . The objection he alluded to was the apprehension of sugar falling below the price calculated upon as bearing in proportion to that of barley and malt . In his mind , there was no ground for entertaining this apprehension ; but even if it could be anticipated , it Would only suggest the propriety of proposing a provisional clause in the Committed . With respect to those objections which were to be urged against the principle , he should notice that of its being unwise to adopt any legislative measure upon a subject which ought to regulate itself it was said the present Bill went to create a maximum , which most at