impossibility of doing so . I can not indeed , whatever may be the decision of parliament , pretend to penetrate the darkness of futurity—to foresee whether our arms will be successful or unfortunate—whether the continent will break its fetters , or remain in subjection , whether commerce will recover freedom and activity , or remain palsied by the frown of a despot ; but I am anxious that the arm of government should be strengthened rather than crippled , and that we should not give up the chances of success , and the means of availing ourselves of any favourable events which Providence may grant us . 967 I think we shall best preserve them by adhering calmly and firmly to the system which I recommend—not on my own authority , but that of parliament , by which it has already been established ; and by not suffering ourselves to be hurried into precipitate measures by our impatience of some inconveniencies , galling no doubt , but from which we can not at present be freed : while the plan proposed by the Committee would , without effecting the object they have in view , do more than either the decrees or the victories of Buonaparté , to execute his designs for our destruction . declared , that he could not agree with the principles and opinions maintained with such confidence and urged with such ability in the luminous and comprehensive speech of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down ; neither was it possible for him to give a silent vote upon this important subject , even though he had not been so pointedly and personally called upon , as he had been by the right hon . gent . to state his opinion upon it . The manner , in which hat call had been made , appeared to him extremely irregular , and wholly inconsistent with the uniform practice of that House and the established rules and forms of discussion in the course of its proceedings . The right hon . gent . had thought proper , in the middle of his speech , to require of him a brief and summary opinion upon this most grave and intricate subject , in order that he might have in the concluding part of his speech an opportunity to comment upon it at length . No gentleman , he must contend , had a right to expect from him an answer in such a way , even if he had not felt it necessary for him to deliver his opinion upon the subject somewhat more at length . He was aware , in offering himself to the House , that it would be necessary for him to revert to opinions which had been already much discussed , and he could not revert to them without recurring at the same lime to details which he feared would appear dry and uninteresting to the Committee . It was , however , necessary for him to recur to those opinions and arguments , in answer to the speech which had been just delivered , and which , as he thought , struck at the foundation of all financial and commercial principles established in the world . The right hon . gent . had said , that the Bullion Committee had made one of the boldest experiments that was ever tried on public credit , 968 and that they had brought the public credit of the country to the very brink of a precipice . Now , as to the part he was to bear in such a charge , he must say , that when the motion was made in that House for the appointment of a Committee to consider of the price of bullion and the rate of exchanges , he was not in the House , nor in town : but when he had been appointed a member of that Committee , it then became his duty to give his utmost attention to the consideration of the subject . When that motion was made in the House for the appointment of the Bullion Committee ,