present moment to the country , and it was desirable that they should not be diminished in number . was anxious that a minute inquiry should be instituted into the merits of this most important question . He trusted that instead of a strife between interests as opposed to each other , the strife would be for the interest of all . He confessed , that as far as he was able to form an opinion on this subject , which had baffled so many individuals experienced in political economy , he was inclined to doubt the validity of the arguments which had been urged in support of the proposition . Investigation and not action was the duty of the House in this business . thought the Commissioners of Excise might with great propriety be desired to make experiments for a single year , for the purpose of exactly ascertaining the relation between sugar and grain . objected to the resolution as doing that on a mere speculation which ought to be done only after a mature inquiry . He stated , at length , the grievances of which the West India planter had to complain . thought if the measure proposed were to be followed up by further proceedings to render its effects permanent , it would be an infraction of the Union . If , however , it were not to be so followed up , he should then be disposed to consider it on its own merits , and vote accordingly . was of opinion , the subject 325 should be referred to a select committee . replied to the arguments of the several speakers . He saw no reasons for thinking his plan such as ought not to be adopted , from the reception it had experienced . The gentlemen in the landed interest did not think it sufficiently favourable to them ; the West India merchants thought it was not so good a thing as the monopoly they had enjoyed ; and the distillers thought the scale of duties not exactly what they ought to have been . Now when it was found that none of the parties most concerned were much pleased with the plan , he thought it seemed as if their several claims had been equally balanced , and the interests of all pretty well weighed . From this circumstance he thought , and he trusted the House would think , there was no sufficient reason for rejecting the proposition . The appointment of a select committee , which had been recommended by some hon . gent . would , he thought , only occasion unnecessary delay , as the difference between the Scots and Irish Distilleries could only be removed by an exercise of those powers which , though formidable , were occasionally to be exerted by parliament . thought no duty more sacred than that of a member of parliament to look into the manner in which the public money was to be applied . He objected to the magnitude of the army establishment , as being disproportionately great . When he looked at the population of this country , which no one , however disposed to swell it , stated to amount to more than 16 or 17,000,000 , a regular army of 371,000 men was more than we could bear . When to these were added , the amount of the Militia , which was stated at 84,000 men , the Local Militia , which was not to be reckoned at less than 200,000 , and added to the whole the total of those employed in the navy , & c. it appeared , that we had 900,000 men in arms—nearly a third of all the adults under 40 years . After all , it was impossible for us to contend on the 326 continent with an enemy whose population was estimated at from 60 to 100,000,000 ; he therefore was of opinion that the military force of the country ought to be reduced to a level with its physical strength . was averse to a reduction of the military establishment , as we had at present no