said , very truly , that the British officer did not enter the army merely to obtain a subsistence ; no doubt he did not . The British officer entered upon the career of his profession with too much glow of heart to think of less than the fame of a soldier ; but , at the same time , the country was not the less bound to lake care that the British officer should not suffer , because he thought infinitely more of his professional honour , than his private emolument , of that country 's interest , than of his own . Let the noble lord make this the test of the inquiry . Could the officer live upon his pay ? Were they not bound in justice to provide that the officer should have at least enough to live upon ? The answer must decide the propriety , or impropriety , of the present 706 motion . But , it was apprehended , that the agitating this question , might excite unreasonable expectations on the part of the army . Was this doing justice to the army ? It was said , an unfavourable result might produce dissatisfaction . Was this , he asked , to be expected from the British officers ? As for their conduct against the enemy , it was above all praise . Mania and Busaco spoke a more intelligible language in behalf of the British army than mere praise could do . But he would venature to say , that if we were capable of suspecting such men of being tempted for a moment by any grievances , real or imaginary , to forget their great duty to themselves , their honourable profession , and their country , we were unworthy of such an army . was of opinion that the proposed mode would not accord with the feelings of military men , and that although the general object was desirable , it ought to be accomplished in a different manner . , notwithstanding any unpopularity which might attach upon , him for delivering the sentiments which he should deliver , would not therefore be deterred therefrom . In a debate , at the conclusion of the last war , it was observed by a noble lord , upon a motion similar in its nature to the present , that the time for such motion was not when the country was at war , but that it would be more advisable to agitate it in time of peace . In that opinion the hon . and gallant general concurred , and he still retained the same opinion . The question , in a war of a protracted nature like the present , ought not to be entertained ; at the same time he was disposed to admit , that his brave comrades in arms had cause for complaint , for the pay of the army officers , from the rank of field marshal down to that of ensign , was inadequate . It was not sufficient to support them in the rank which every officer in the British army ought to hold ; but if the situation of any one class of officers was to be considered , the whole would have an equal claim , The hon . and gallant general considered , that the increase of salary given to officers in the government , the masters in chancery , & c. was properly so given , but from this motion he must dissent ; it ought not to be agitated until the termination of the war . He had lived and served long enough in various situations in the world , not to be well satisfied , that all descriptions of troops were ready and wil- 707 ling to do their duty . There was not in any country in which he had served , a class so truly respectable and brave as that of British officers , either in public or private . Having said thus much , he should say a word or two about the army itself . The contest was a serious one , and it