measure as an experiment . They speak of the `` possible occurrence of political circumstances , which may be thought hereafter to furnish an argument in favour of some prolongation of the proposed period of resuming cash payments , or even in favour of a new law for their temporary restriction after the Bank shall have opened . '' For this experiment , which they are conseious may fail—which I think rash , and desperate , and wholly impracticable , what do they risk ? They risk , as we are told by one of their most distinguished members ( Mr. Henry Thornton ) , a general bankruptcy in London . Such is the danger to individuals . And what will be the consequences to the government ? We have heard the Chancellor of the Exchequer complain of the inconvenience occasioned by the delay of this question . Whether he is provided with a system of measures to be proposed to parliament in the event of its acceding to the recommendation of the Bullion Report , I do not know : but I know , that , if he is , they must be measures wholly new and discordant from the financial systems of many years past . To carry on the operations of the war for the next two years , not only without the accommodations afforded by the Bank , not only under the inconvenience of a forced repayment of the bank-advances , but under the pressure of a circulation so contracted and cramped , as it necessarily must be , is a task which no minister has yet been compelled to attempt , and which , if it can be any way effected , can be accomplished only by a pressure upon the people far greater than they have yet experienced . I suspect that it could not be effected at all , and that if we were not compelled to sue for peace , we should at last be obliged to recall our forces from abroad , and abandon the continental war , just at the 966 moment when the concurrent opinion appears to be , that fairer prospects than we have yet known are opening . This is no vague and declamatory statement , but founded upon experience , as well as reasoning . The full experience of such a situation as ours would be under the system of the Bullion Committee , we have never indeed had ; but we have , in two periods referred to by them for other purposes in their Report , felt the effects of a restricted circulation . In 1783 the issues of the Bank of England were considerably reduced ; and though peace had then been concluded , the 3 per cent . funds were at 56 , navy bills were at from 15 to 20 per cent . discount , and the general depression of property so great , that the resources of the country were by many supposed to be irrecoverably ruined . In 1796 the Bank again reduced its issues , and the effects were similar . The public funds were even lower , falling at that time to 46 . I do not contend that the diminution of the issues of the Bank alone produced these effects ; but if the other circumstances existing at those two periods be compared with those of our present situation , I am afraid the advantage will be by no means in our favour . In two most important points how great is the difference ! In one of those cases the freedom of trade was complete—in the other , it existed to a considerable degree—in both , a plentiful metallic currency continued in circulation . I need not point out our present situation in both those respects . Nor shall I attempt to estimate what the revenue might amount to when every man , who did not wish to pay his taxes , might say , with apparent truth , that he could obtain no money of any kind to discharge them ; and those who were willing to pay , might be under a real