manifest and decided skill and spirit . What , but a well-considered previous system , could have enabled him , on the enemy 's retreat , to march after him 30 days together without intermission ? If there were no other proof of his previous opinion respecting ultimate success , it was demonstrable from his readiness for the pursuit of Massena ! — ( Hear ! ) —The rear-guard of the enemy was conducted with great talents by a French marshal , but was closely followed by us , till , at length , with trifling loss , our army had arrived on the spot where it stood last year , in high spirits and in high condition . It would be a waste of time to enlarge upon the importance of the service thus rendered to the common cause , and the credit due for it to the general . We had now an army inured to war , which had seen it in all its shapes ; not only in battles and victories , but in the patient endurance of retreats , and the steadiness and experience acquired by remaining for months in particular positions . This campaign had also shewn us that we had a general equal to the best examples of modern warfare . It had formerly been said by the French , of a celebrated general of ours , when speaking of his great successes against them , that he lived in days when the greatest French generals were either dead or not employed . They could not say this of lord Wellington . It had been his fortune to be opposed to almost all the first generals of 765 France : generals whose career of successes had made their names proverbial . He had first met and beaten Junot—he had beaten Soult—he had beaten Victor-he bad beaten Jourdan—and now he had beaten Massena , whose name had risen the highest for familiarity with victory ! A noble earl ( Grey ) had said , on a former motion of Thanks ( Barrosa ) , that it was the satisfaction and pride of the country to know , that in every situation in which British valour was placed , if the odds against us were not numerically too great to give a chance of victory , our success was certain , on sea or on shore . We now had not only a proof of our preeminent bravery , but likewise of our superior military skill and science . We knew our military prowess as a nation long before we understood our maritime value . In the days of the duke of Marlborough , oar military fame shone forth with distinguished lustre . In more recent periods , circumstances indeed had induced us to attend more to maritime affairs ; and while almost all the continent of Europe was sinking in ruin , our successes at sea had surpassed all the naval glories that bad ever been attained . When , however , the peninsula rose in arms against its oppressors , and seemed to many to furnish a most favourable opportunity of resisting the general enemy , we had given our vigorous and willing assistance , and had again met the struggle in extended military warfare . The event had clearly shewn us the value of our military character . He recollected an observation made by a gentleman now no more , of whom he could never speak without respect , from his admiration of his talents and his virtues , on the occasion of the victory in Egypt : `` I have no fear , '' said he , `` for the British troops , when opposed fairly to the enemy All they want , '' he added ( alluding to a practice to which he was a little partial ) '' is a clear stage , and no favour ! '' It had been formerly objected to the probability of our defending Portugal with success , that we should he met by the accumulated means of France . We had so been met , at a time , too , when she