sound discretion . This fact he should broadly assert ; and he therefore called upon the friends of that noble lord to place him and themselves in a situation to answer to this charge . To say , then , that they were prepared to share the responsibility , would be worse than idle—it would not be sincere . He called upon the House of Commons , then , to put him in the situation to prove his charges . It was necessary for the character of the individuals concerned that they should be disproved , if not founded , and it was material to the public that they should be proved if true : because , if the case was as he had stated it , the public had been imposed upon , and might again be grievously imposed upon , if that should not be prevented by the result of the inquiry he proposed . Upon a question of such importance to the vital interests of the constitution of 64 the country , parliament must have expected and should have required much more satisfactory proof of his Majesty 's recovery than the bare assertions of physicians . When a king of England had been placed in a situation not to be capable of performing his royal functions—when reduced to a state of health in which , a private individual would not be allowed the disposal of his property—when he had been under restraint—when he had been taken out in a morning to be shewn to his subjects under colour of being recovered , and had been carried home in the evening to be placed again under restraint—when his incapacity had been solemnly voted by the two Houses of parliament—was it right or proper , he would ask , that a king of England , after having been in such a situation , should have the important fact of his recovery established on no better authority than the statement of physicians In the Committee he had put a question to Dr. Heberden , whether the King was so far recovered as to be competent to attend to all his public and private business . To this Dr. Heberden answered , yes . Another physician answered , also , yes ; and Dr. Willis , in a roost positive manner , answered , most assuredly . But he would contend , on the contrary , that his Majesty was not at the time so far recovered as , in the case of an individual in private life , would warrant the superceding a commission of lunacy . The Lord Chancellor , he had heard , would not , as he had publicly declared in court , take the opinions of physicians on an application to supercede a commission of lunacy ; he would hear the opinions of the physicians , and upon a consideration of them would form his own judgment . That noble lord knew well the difficulty of proving the perfect recovery of persons in such a complaint : he well knew that many individuals so affected appeared in every other respect in perfect mental health , until a certain chord was touched , upon which their delusion turned , when the whole fabric , raised by their morbid cunning to conceal their defect , instantly was overthrown . Indeed , that noble lord , in the course of his practice as a barrister , if he was correctly informed , had personal experience of the difficulty of ascertaining the complete recovery of a patient from such a malady , and of the fallacy of the appearances which sometimes seem to indicate a perfect re-establishment . It had been stated by that noble lord himself . 65 that in the course of his practice it had happened to him to have to make an application to the Court of Chancery to supersede a commission of lunacy upon such grounds , taken both as to time and quality , as left no doubt upon the mind of that learned lord of the restored security of the person on whose behalf he made the application . The commission was superseded