think of adjusting the pay of officers to the incessant variations of foreign exchange . In some cases it would be equivalent to an advance of 30 per cent . on their pay , to the disadvantage of the country ; in some , of course , a diminution . They could not be paid in bullion , without a serious loss-in its purchase . The measure proposed would have the effect of introducing a certain kind of money-brokerage into the service ; If the measure proposed had any foundation with respect to the officers in the Mediterranean , there was no reason why it should not reach to all officers , naval and military , abroad . The question was connected with that of exchanges , and was extremely extensive . He concluded by recommending the motion to be withdrawn . said , that the navy had been now four years suffering from this grievance ; how long , then , he asked , were they still to suffer from the commercial system of the gentlemen on the other side of the House ? He had frequently heard of the cold calculations of the cabinet The memorials of the navy officers on this subject had been passed over in silence 752 How long , he asked , were they to suffer under this cold-blooded system ? Were he to be alone on this question , he should still feel it to be his duty to divide the House . He saw clearly , however , that the administration would be successful . He mentioned the different diminutions which the income of the officers of the navy had suffered from income tax , & c. ; and then asked with what propriety the right hon . gent , could call them money-brokers ? He never lamented , more than at that moment , the want of the powers of eloquence , that he might express his indignant feelings at that insinuation . Nothing but imperious necessity could have induced him , inexperienced as he was , to come forward with the motion : but having once made it , he would take the sense of the House upon it . said , he was not aware of more than two memorials having been presented from officers on foreign service . thought the question premature , as there was another question depending by which this would be materially affected . He therefore thought that the other should be decided before the present was entered upon . said , the officers of the navy had been ill used by the House , in the deduction which had been made from their shares of prize money , merely for the sake of popularity . stated his determination to vote for a Committee . declared his intention of moving the previous question , that the gentlemen opposite , who seemed to think it premature , might have an opportunity of supporting it hereafter . He was proceeding in his observations , when suggested that the hon . member had spoken already upon the subject . said , that understanding the gentlemen opposite in the same way that his hon . friend had , he should afford them the opportunity , by moving the previous question . said , he should vote for the previous question , if he understood the hon . gentlemen correctly , and might hope to have their support to the motion on a Future occasion ; and this he understood to be the feeling of his learned friend . said , he declined giving any pledge as to his vote , upon any future occasion ; and repeated that he thought the measure premature . said , he had forborne from alluding to the other questions as he thought that if our officers on foreign service experienced any loss , let it proceed from what source it would , they ought to be indemnified . observed that the manner in which the previous question was put , was not peculiarly gracious ; nor did he ever recollect a question so completely converted into a party question , after the expression