`` —Unless we act upon , that opinion , or find a better substitute to supply the temporary absence of our coin , the worst consequences must inevitably follow . These are too obvious to make it necessary to dwell on them : we should feel the want of a sufficient circulating medium in our trade with other countries , particularly to the continent , oppressed as that is by high foreign freights and unexampled delays in payments , as well as * A member of this House ( Mr. Marryatt ) has published a pamphlet , finding great fault with the conduct of the Bank , and proposing the establishment of another Bank , neither of them to be compellable to pay in cash . 879 in our domestic trade and manufactures , in which numbers of the lower class of people are employed . All internal improvements would be checked ; the most important of them would indeed be entirely stopped , and the collection and remittance of the revenue would be most seriously embarrassed . There is no exaggerates here ; the certainty of these consequences must be apparent to every one who hears me : I will , however , refer to a few of the answers given on the subject by persons most competent to judge of it . is asked , `` Q . Suppose an advance to be made upon goods that may be pledged with the Bank instead of bills , would that , in your opinion , create an excess of circulation ? —A . I consider it to be highly proper that the securities discounted by the Bank , should be payable at short and fixed periods . `` Q . Do you conceive that all that would be requisite to prevent a depreciation of paper-currency in any country would be that such paper should , in no instance , be issued but as the representative ; of a good security payable at a fixed period ? —A . I answer that in the affirmative , certainly . `` Q . Do you conceive that there exists the same security for the public against the inconvenience of an excess of circulation when the payments in cash at the Bank are suspended as when the Bank was at liberty and under obligation to make its payments in cash ? —A . I conceive so , if the Bank adhere strictly to the system of discounting no bills but of undoubted solidity , and government securities ; the latter with due moderation , and the caution pointed out before . '' Mr. Abraham Goldsmid , of the house of Goldsmid , Son , and Eliason , Q . `` When gold is above par , would you not say , when compared with guilders , the currency of Holland , that guilders are depreciated in value ? —A . No , I should not . `` Q , . According to this principle , does it follow that Bank-notes must be depreciated when compared with gold , the Mint-price of guineas being 3l . 17s . 10½d . and the market-price of gold 4l . 12s ? —A . I never considered Bank-notes as depreciated . '' Mr. Greffulhe again . `` Q . In what is the paper circulation of this country , as it at present exists , different in its practical operations , from a forced circulation ? —A . In the first place , the paper of this country is no legal discharge of a debt ; 880 secondly , the Bank paper of this country-is issued when called for , in exchange for valuable securities , in which respect it is essentially distinct from what I call a forced paper , which may be issued both without limits and without any security whatever . '' Baring having been asked by the Committee , `` Whether he conceives that the Bank of England will effectually guard against the possibility of an excess in the circulation of the country ( as well their own as of country banks ) , if they regulate their issues by the demand for