He would now say , that there existed at present important grounds in addition to those which induced their lordships last session to agree to the grant of money to Portugal ; and these additional grounds fully justified , in his opinion , the addition that was now proposed to that subsidy . He had only to recal to the recollection of their lordships the circumstances which passed when the first subsidy was proposed . With respect to the propriety of the assistance , the noble lord last session opposed it on the ground that the opportunity for acting was past , and that no man could hope for the creation of a Portuguese force of the description proposed . rose to explain . said , the noble lord would have an opportunity when he had concluded . said , that had he misrepresented his sentiments that night , he should have waited to the end of his speech ; but as he was misrepresenting his sentiments on a former occasion , it was proper to expose the misrepresentation immediately . continued to ob serve , that such had been at the time , not only the view of the noble lord , but it wag widely entertained by many who were most anxious to give every assistance to Portugal , and who differed totally from the noble lord in sentiment . They had in this instance proposed the measure submitted by the motion of his noble friend , upon no speculative ground , but founded on an experience of exertions on the part of the Portuguese , which had exceeded the expectations even of the most sanguine ; and far surpassed any calculations in which he himself ' had ventured to indulge . As to the general policy of subsidies granted to foreign powers , he had frequently before discussed that subject with the noble baron He knew that it was the opinion of many , that they generally tended rather to 459 cramp the energies than to call forth the resources of those states . He was aware that it was a common argument to say-that we did not get the value of our money . But the present was an occasion which could not be tried by any such principle ; it was made evident that , in return for the expenditure of the sum voted last year , we had succeeded in gaining greater advantages than were anticipated by any person in the country . The Portuguese bad not only a large efficient regular force , but a numerous militia , making , exclusive of the Ordinanza , an army of between 80 and 90,000 men ; an army which had already on numerous occasions contributed essentially to the safety of their country . There were persons now in London , by communication with whom it was easy to ascertain the important fact , that at the battle of Busaco the Portuguese troops acted in a manner deserving of the highest encomiums . From these circumstances , and from a reference to what had actually been done , their lordships had the satisfaction of seeing that what to some had appeared impossible , to others extremely doubtful , had now been fully realised . The noble baron had asked , how was the sun , which parliament was now called on to gram , to be applied ? He wished to answer distinctly , to military purposes only ; and he felt the highest satisfaction in informing the House , that four fifths of the whole revenue of Portugal itself , had been appropriated to the same purposes . There was , nevertheless , a deficiency still under the original estimate , arising in a great measure from the increased prices of the necessary supplies . The ground , however , on which he particularly recommended the vote , was the degree and amount of the exertions that had been made in Portugal towards raising an efficient force . There were some other topics of the noble lord 's speech , on which he felt desirous of making a few observations . Although unquestionably he felt