the Thanks of the House to general Graham , who appeared to him eminently entitled to the gratitude of the country , but he 539 rose merely to desire the House to consider the situation in which they were placed , by the new regulation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Through that regulation , the right hon . gent . or any minister , had it in his power to prevent any motion being brought forward on a certain day , as on the days on which notices took precedence of orders , he could claim the right of bringing on his motion before any other was made . In the present instance , he did not wish to interpose any obstacle to the thanks of the House being immediately given to general Graham , but he thought it right to call the attention of the House to this effect of the new regulation . hoped the House would permit him to say a few words on what had fallen from the noble lord . He had not claimed a right of bringing forward his motion before any other of which notice might have been given ; but he conceived , that there was a something in that which he had to submit to their consideration , which would preferably engage their attention before any other business which stood fixed for the day . In this opinion he had been justified by the noble lord himself , as he had admitted that there was a something so peculiar in that which he had to bring forward , that he would not interpose any obstacle . Under such circumstances he thought if the regulation alluded to had never been in existence , the noble lord and every other person in that House would have given precedence to such a motion . It would be inconvenient to say more ( though much more might be said ) on what had been advanced , as it might prevent the question being met with that good-humoured unanimity which he hoped would prevail on the present occasion . In rising to submit to them a Resolution , that the thanks of the House be given to lieut . general Graham , to the officers , and to the gallant army under his command , for the late victory , than which a more brilliant military achievement was not upon record , he was confident he had no opposition to expect . If any difference could arise in any part , it would only be a contest , who should be most loud to express what must be equally felt by all . The task of bringing the subject forward , in devolving upon him , he was sensible had fallen into incompetent hands . From the information of which the House was already in possession , he was convinced their feel- 540 ings on the subject were so much higher than they could be raised by any thing that he could say , that whatever came from him must be found to fall short of what was required by the occasion . He could do no more than bring the circumstances of the battle before the House , as it was his duty to do . He should not think it necessary to take up their time , by going into a detail of the movements which preceded the action . He wished , as much as possible , to confine himself to that which was most pre-eminently entitled to their gratitude and applause , because , though he thought much wisdom had been displayed by general Graham throughout the whole of the operation , yet that their might be no chance of a difference of opinion on such an occasion , he was anxious only to bring that forward on which no difference of opinion could by possibility exist . He wished only to bring before them the brilliant exertions of the army on the day of battle ; and he was the more desirous of doing this , that contemplating those alone , their splendour should be in no way impaired