. Massena and his master are now bringing to a close the downfall of British resources , and , with fell and malignant joy , are already contemplating a mortal blow against the unprotected vilals of our empire and constitution . In this advanced age of the world , and in the present state of society , few occurrences , or even difficulties , can present themselves , in aid of which we may not derive advantage from history . You had the power of investigating the conduct of our ancestors . Hume says , `` The English never entered upon foreign wars , although much too much addicted to that unwise course of proceeding , except when a young king of genius , to lead the armies , presented himself to the nation ; when distraction prevailed amongst their enemies ; and great allies were ready to cooperate in their designs . '' The condition of Europe , and the fallen state of Austria , might have exhibited to his majesty 's ministers a salutary lesson with respect to the peninsula . If ancient history is worthy of your consideration , look at the fate of Carthage—a commercial against a military nation ! If that government bad not destined the flower of its army for the invasion of Italy , the overthrow and destruction in Africa might have been retarded , or ultimately averted . But it is in vain to cite instances from history to you , if you are not admonished by your own errors . You ought to have remembered the first ill-planned expedition from Salamanca , committed to sir John Moore . You ought to have remembered the enterprise directed against Madrid , under the auspices of lord Wellington . Both these awful lessons are written in the blood of your best soldiers and yet you intemperately urge on your course of folly and rashness , and lay open the last disposable army of England to dangers of that extent and alarm , as such a precious stake ought not to be liable to , except upon our own shores , and in defence of British liberty and independence . I have now done : I may have urged some topics with too much vehemence , but I have been actuated solely by patriotic views of the points at issue , and , in such a career , 213 `` The laws of council bid my tougue be bold . '' I am sensible , likewise , I have omitted many things , and that I have not done justice to the great question I have endeavoured to bring under the serious consideration of the inhabitants of the united kingdom . Yet I can not sit down without apologizing to the committee for the encroachment I have already made upon its time . I move no resolution—but leave this statement to the good sense of parliament and the nation , as every human being , from the throne to the cottage , is interested and involved in the ruinous consequences of your continental warfare . adverting to the speech of the hon . general ( Tarleton ) , said that it was certainly competent for any member upon the army estimates , to pursue such topics of military discussion as he thought fit , but as the observations with which he ( lord Castlereagh ) was desirous of troubling the committee , grew out of the details which the secretary at war had that night opened in his speech , and as the honourable general had himself stated , that a more regular occasion would hereafter occur for reviewing the affairs of the peninsula , and the events of the last campaign , he hoped it would not be considered that it either arose from disrespect to the honourable general 's arguments , or from acquiescence in his sentiments , if he postponed , till that occasion should arise , to enter upon a field of discussion too interesting in its nature to be lightly passed over , and too extensive to be mixed with the detailed considerations of the army , more immediately the