of the Catholic Committee . In this point of view , the letter to the magistrates was a letter of precaution , and I am happy to say it produced the most beneficial effects . The country is in a state of tranquillity , the meetings for the elections 300 have been checked , and considerable progress has been made in bringing the Catholic Committee to a proper sense of its situation . I come now , Sir , to the consideration of that part of the subject upon which the right hon . and learned gent , has dwelt so much , I mean the direct communication that took place between government and lord Ffrench . As soon as the meeting had been declared an unlawful one by the authorities I have mentioned , it became the duty of government to prevent it from again assembling without interruption . Having obtained information that it was to meet at a particular place on a certain day , government determined to enforce the act of parliament , by dispersing the assembly , but in doing so the magistrates were instructed to act with the utmost mildness and conciliation . The right hon . and learned gent , has attempted to throw some ridicule upon this part of the subject , and to represent me as deserving all the blame , which , in his opinion , belongs to the transaction . Sir , I do not wish to decline any of the responsibility which is necessarily attached to the situation which I have the honour to hold , but I must repeat , that during every part of this business , I acted with the advice and concurrence of the noble and learned persons to whom I have alluded . The right hon . and learned gent , says , he has seen two different accounts of what passed when the magistrates went to the meeting , the one signed by alderman Darley and Mr. Babington , * * The following is the account given by alderman Darley and Mr. Babington : Police Office , Jervis Street , Feb 23 , 1811 . `` Pursuant to the directions of government , alderman Darley and Mr. Babington repaired to the house of Fitzpatrick , in Capel-street , where the Roman Catholic Committee had been used to assemble . They asked Fitzpatrick if there was then a meeting of Catholics in his house ? He replied in the affirmative , and ushered the magistrates to the rooms on the first floor , where from forty to fifty gentlemen were assembled . `` On the table lay some copies of the Catholic petition , which the persons then present were in the act of signing . Mr. Hay , who was at the table , said , gentlemen , such of you as have signed the petition for the Commons and not for the 301 and , the other an anonymous one , and that he did not know which to believe . [ Mr. Ponsonby said it was not an anonymous ac- Lords , be so good as to come forward and sign . Immediately after the magistrates entered the room , lord Ffrench was called to the chair . `` Lord Ffrench demanded of the magistrates by what authority they came there ? Alderman Darley replied , that understanding the meeting to be a meeting of the Catholic Committee , he must request of them , as a magistrate , to disperse . Lord Ffrench asked if the order was from government ? Alderman Darley said , certainly . `` Lord Ffrench assured the magistrates that that meeting was not the Catholic Committee—and that he sat as chairman of no Committee , but as chairman of a meeting of Catholic gentlemen , for the purpose of signing and forwarding a petition to Parliament . Lord Ffrench said , it was right to warn alderman Darley , that by taking such steps Towards that meeting , he . might be the first person to disturb the peace . Alderman Barley expressed the regret he felt at discharging so painful a duty , and