mind on such a subject as this ; or consult his recollections in childhood or in early youth , and he will find how much the laws have interwoven themselves with the other institutions , and the other means which have contributed to form and fashion his mind . I well remember the different sensation which I experienced , on first hearing , that for such an act , a person might be transported ; but for such an act he might be hanged . The idea of being transported conveyed little terror ; I was able to measure and comprehend it ; but the other idea was indefinite and truly terrible . I even doubt whether the phrase , 'might ' be hanged , did not agitate the feeling more , than if the phrase used had been 'must ' be hanged . Be that , however , as it may , it is obvious , that , to young minds , on which the silent and invisible workings of the law are most operative , in the forming of habits , manners and character , when the spirit of adventure and love of novelty is ardent , the idea of being sent to new and distant climes conveys few terrors , even to those who are happily tied and connected to the society of their native soil . How little , therefore , can such an idea operate on those who are loose upon the world , It is one thing to present to the imagination of a boy , consequences , which seem to open to his view new and interesting 641 scenes of adventure , and a very different thing to present to his imagination , that last consequence , which awfully closes the scene of adventure forever . I confidently assert , that every man who hears me , will be convinced on this subject , if he will but take the trouble to look into his own mind , and consult his own recollections . Let us study ourselves , and commune with our own hearts : do not let us first create in our imaginations a new man , and then make laws to fit him . But if authority could be wanted , or necessary , on such a subject , I am enabled to state distinctly as a matter of fact , that criminals do so reason , so feel , and so act . I am enabled to do this , from conversations I have lately had with a person of that intelligence , that rank , and of that high trust , not long since , in our settlement at Botany Bay , and who has so lately returned from that country that his recollections are fresh on the subject . The House may not be aware , that , as the crown has its police officers and law officers for the security of persons and property , so also have those , who prey on persons and property , their public offices and law officers . They have their attorney and solicitor-general as well as the king . The general object of the questions , put to their learned advisers , is to ascertain , how such and such acts may be done , so as to avoid the operation of those statutes which take away the benefit of clergy . As soon as the bearing and operation of the law had been explained , and the several distinctions completely understood , and it was found that the project , if executed in a particular manner , would only amount to a simple transportable felony , the adventure was undertaken as a matter of course . They had calculated the amount of the danger , and were prepared . Their great reliance always was , that they should not be discovered at all , which their practice and dexterity rendered almost a certainty , or even , if there might be grounds of suspicion against them , that there would not be sufficient legal evidence . No branch of the law was more studied than the law of