fall back again and retrace their steps to that less perfect state from which they had advanced by long and painful efforts , and from which the operation of the repealed sanction had so successfully withdrawn them . By such a system of repealing sanctions , the moment they cease to be practically enforced , men could never maintain the advantages they have won in their conflicts with evil . You force men forward from crime by the fear of punishment : when you have so worked upon and fashioned their minds , habits , manners , and character , that the fruits of your labours begin to appear , you relax one of the most operative causes of your success , and permit them to fall back again to the point from which they had set out . Thus sanctions are introduced , sanctions are enforced , sanctions are effectual , sanctions are not enforced , sanctions are repealed , crimes are re-committed , sanctions are re-enacted , sanctions are re-inforced . And thus we labour in vain , in alternations of misery ; and by our unskilful attempts to obtain a supposed greater degree of good , we produce greater evil , both in progress and result . It is on these accounts that wise nations do not alter systems , but they adapt the application of them to times and circumstances . It is incorrect to say , that the practical mode of our administration of penal laws , qualifies and mitigates the imperfection of them . This is not a correct view of the subject . Those who have to administer the law , do not apply that part of the law which is inapplicable ; but it is important to retain that part of the law which is inapplicable , lest it may become applicable , or lest altered circumstances may require its application . 622 However ameliorated the state of society may be , however far advanced and improved in its condition , moral and physical , however little it may seem to require the application of severe sanctions , yet we must always recollect that when we use the word society , it is but a phrase , a necessary phrase indeed for the purpose of making our reasonings on such subjects intelligible to one another . But we should never forget that the materials , of which society is composed , are but separate individuals , who are born and die , and who succeed one another in their generations . All have to pass through the helplessness of infancy . All have to pass through the fearful period of childhood and of early youth , when the passions are to be subdued , controuled , directed ; the reason to be awakened , cultivated , informed ; the appetencies to be regulated ; the habits , manners , character , to be moulded and fashioned after the models of the fair and the good , and the seeds to be sown of the higher virtues . What a mighty task is this ! What aids can not but be wanted forperforming it ! Every thing is requisite—laws , institutions , labour , learning , beneficence , zeal , love . Even with these aids , how often do we fail in obtaining the wished for fruit . The plants perish , of grow awry , and perverse . Even if we succeed , how endless seems our labour . As soon as one portion of the individuals whose aggregate constitute society , is fashioned and instructed , another succeeds , which equally requires the same instruction . Still no progress seems to be made ; another , and another , still succeed , demanding the same cares , attentions , and labour . While we speak , while laws instruct , direct , regulate , one generation passes away , and another springs up : and while we continue our efforts , wave follows wave in ceaseless succession . And we have too often , I fear , to preach to the waves in more senses of the phrase than one