course of foreign exchanges . It is therefore owing to this fall in its value , that the value of Bank of Ireland paper seems to have encreased , whereas according to the present value of Bank of England paper it has diminished ; and thus it is that nothing has occurred contradictory to the inference , that the Bank of Ireland paper was depreciated in 1804 . This reasoning will-appear more clear and conclusive , by calculating the value of Bank of Ireland paper in 1804 , and in 1819 , according to the ; rates of exchange between Dublin and Hamburgh ; In 1804 the exchange 1050 with Hamburgh was 10 percent , against Dublin That is , the exchange with London , was 10 per cent , against Dublin , and the exchange between Hamburgh and London was at par : now the exchange between Hamburgh and London is 20 per cent . against London ; therefore the exchange between Hamburgh and Dublin is 20 per cent , against Dublin ; so far , therefore as the exchange between Dublin , and a place of which the currency has not akered in value , proves any thing , it proves that the value of the paper of the Bank of Ireland is now more depreciated than it was in 1804 , a conclusion which is warranted by the present price of guineas in Ireland , which bear a premium of from 15 to 20 per cent . But they not only bear this premium with respect to Bank of Ireland paper , but with respect to Bank of England paper , in consequence of the exchange being at par.—The present state of the exchange with Ireland , instead therefore of establishing the case of those who dispute the opinions held respecting the unfavourable exchange of 1801 , corroborates most strongly the doctrine that the unfavourable state of foreign exchange with England is owing to the depreciation of Bank of England paper . But , among other things , if is discovered that to alter our present paper system is incompatible with the public safety ; that it will annihilate our manufacturers , destroy our commerce , and disable us from carrying on the war in Portugal . This is the picture of national calamity , which is presented to us by those who look at but one side of the question . Do they , when they make these extravagant and fanciful assertions , mean to say , that no danger will attend the continuance of the present system ? That it is one beneficial to our manufacturers , salutary to our commerce , and safe for our finances ? If they do , I will ask , Does not the actual state of our manufactures and our commerce afford a most decisive proof to the contrary ? Has not the system of over trading , which has been the result of this excessive issue of paper , already been productive of great evil ? Without then entering into a detailed refutation of the absurd and on founded assumptions of those who think that a reformation of the paper system would be nothing less than national ruin , I maintain that this evil , great as it is , must become one of a still greater and more destructive kind , the longer the system prevails ; and therefore , by suffering it to exist . But , among other things , if is discovered that to alter our present paper system is incompatible we ren- 1051 der it more and more difficult to meet it with an effectual remedy . For my own part , I confess , that I can not look at the continuance of this system , without anticipating the certain destruction of our public credit . No one can deny that a great scale of over trading , founded on an excessive issue of paper , will materially injure our manufactures and commerce . It must also be allowed , that our finances depend upon the prosperity of our manufactures and commerce . Our finances , therefore , and with them our