happened before or since , but was equal to the ordinary waste of the army in time of war , namely , to 19,000 , while the whole number now proposed to be raised was 22,000 . The noble lord was for reducing the number raised on Mr. Windham 's plan to 17,000 ; but he contended that it was proved by Mr. Windham that the number was 19,000 and it fraction . The noble lord next wished to detract from its merits , by imputing this increase to a second operation ; the number of second battalions in which the rank of the officers depended on their success in recruiting , and the number of recruiting parties . It bad only produced , said the 668 noble lord , without these additional incentives , 8,000 in six months . But the noble lord ought to have observed , that the measure was , as was predicted , progressive in its operation ; and that the second quarter yielded an increase over the first ; the third over the second ; and the fourth over the third . The additional number of recruiting parties increased only the number of competitors ; but did not increase the abundance of the market of recruits ; That plan , however , was knocked on the head at once by the noble lord , who had deprived the country of it forever . They were now , in the present distressed state of the manufactures of the country , and when there was such a multitude of men in the market , obliged to make the present measure perpetual ; a measure which let fall on the heads of a few that which ought to be spread over the whole country . The noble lord would not allow that men were inclined to go at once into the army . He wished one jump into the militia , and a second jump in to the regular army . The reasoning of the noble lord was here more childish than he could have expected . Why were men unwilling to jump at once into the regular army ? Because they well knew , that by their double jump they would get a double bounty . This , however , came home to the argument of the late Mr. Windham , which , by leading men from step to step , and by increasing their remuneration at each , would have effectually kept up the numbers of the army , with out such a grievous burden to the country.—He then adverted to what had been said by Mr. Ellison , who , he said , had declared that he would vote for the Bill , while he hoped it would not be carried into effect . The best way surely to prevent its having effect would be to vote against it.—With respect to the ballot , he said it was a grievous burden on the country . He called on every gentleman who had any experience on the subject , to say if he had not met with numberless in stances of misery which wrong the heart , while there was no remedy ? It was possible to bring forward such a number of instances of misery occasioned by the ballot , that he had no hesitation to say it was as grievous in its operation as any conscription that ever existed in the world . If there was a necessity , let the hand of the law be laid equally on all . said in explanation , that he should vote in favour of the present Bill merely as an experiment . said , the present measure shewed , in the strongest possible manner , the danger of having at any time recourse to extraordinary methods , as in a short time they came to make part of a general system . Ministers had only to say so many men were wanted for the regular army , and the measure would be recurred to of course . By such a measure , all the improvements in the army , which Mr. Windham 's plan was