It arose from the circumstances , that returns had been made from South America for the goods sent there in produce , to be sent to the Baltic and the European markets , but which , from the circumstances of the continent , could not be sent there , and were warehoused here . From this circumstance , the merchants , and consequently the manufacturers , bad become embarrassed ; these goods could not be sold except at a ruinous loss , and in the mean time money was wanted by the merchants to pay the bills which they had accepted . The merchants , therefore , and the manufacturers , required time in order to bring their concerns round again to their natural course , and for this purpose it was that this measure was resorted to . observed , that the situation of affairs now and in 1793 were extremely different : at that period , the great evil complained of was the want of a circulating medium . Surely no one could now complain of the want of a circulating medium of Bank paper . It was admitted by the noble earl , that a measure of this nature ought not to be resorted to , to cure the evil arising from an over-stocked market through excessive speculation . But if the evil was the want of a market , how such a measure could remedy it did not appear from the speech of the noble earl , and at least it ought to be shewn , before such a measure was resorted to , that the evil was only temporary , and Would , in all probability , cease in a certain 530 and no very long period.—The noble lord then asked , what security the public was to have for the sums so advanced ; they could only have goods which were at present unsaleable . How could they be judges what bills were good and what not This was entering upon a duty which those whose profession it was to discount bills , had difficulty enough to discharge and for which the members of the government were totally unfit . He could not see the necessity of this measure . The Bank of England had of late years issued much larger sums than they had ever before issued ; and one of the causes of overtrading was the excessive issue of Bank paper since the renewal of the Bank restrictions . By this facility the old and established houses had been driven out , and the old and general mode of trading departed from . There had been a connection established between the commercial interest and government , not more dangerous to the true principles of trading , than to the principles of the constitution ; the West India merchants were in distress , the general merchants were in distress , and being assisted by the government , must be disposed in turn to assist the government . adverting to the precedent of 1793 , observed , that upon consideration he was inclined to doubt of its wisdom and policy . In 1803 , application had been made to him by several merchants who experienced distresses at that period ; but he was persuaded it would have been impolitic and ultimately injurious to encourage their application . At the same time , on this occasion , the cases were so different , and the calamity of such a nature , that he could not bring his mind to refuse the relief proposed to be granted . He was not prepared to say the relief would certainly be attended with its desired effect ; but it was calculated to do good , and on that account it should not incur his opposition . said that he could not conceive any measure to differ more from that of 1793 than the present . Then a relief became necessary to the internal circulation of the country , while at present that circulation was not in the least affected . There was no want of circulating medium at this moment in the country , and the present distress