, he felt 1131 the strongest respect for their lordships , and yet they would not feel displeased when he assured them he should be sorry to see any of them taking the place of lord Wellington , of lord Gambier , or of sir Edward Pellew . In that sense he thought the situation of those men he had mentioned disqualified them from being teachers and instructors of their fellow-subjects . It would also be understood , that he was not wishing to alter the Act of Toleration , but to provide that persons applying should not be entitled to their certificate , unless they had one signed by six reputable housekeepers of the persuasion to which he belonged . The noble viscount read the provisions of the two Acts , and inferred from them that the intention of the legislature was not to grant the certificate to any but such as were in holy orders , or were the teachers of a congregation . Indeed , the statutes had been differently explained in different counties , for the certificates had not been granted , of course , in the counties of Devon , Buckingham , and Norfolk , but several had been refused . This , however , was not effectual against the applicants , for they could easily obtain the certificate from an adjoining or more distant county . With respect to the intellectual qualifications of those claiming this office , though it was a matter also of great importance , he should not in the least interfere . But he did think it incumbent that such persons should not act upon their own assumption of their own competency , without any proof of their being proper to be so appointed by a certain number of their own sect . From the returns on the table , it did appear that there was also required more attention to the Established Church . If it was a vital part of the constitution , it deserved their most anxious solicitude , for whatever tower of strength they might erect in the country , their security depended upon the firmness of their foundation . The Church of England must ever be considered , both by Protestant and Dissenter , as that steady guide which directed the opinions and judgment of the whole nation . But if this part of our national constitution was not better attended to , we should be in danger of having a nominal Established Church , and a sectarian people . It appeared from the returns , that there were places where the church could not contain more than a quarter of the population/in others a much less number , and where the majority of the inhabitants lived upwards of four miles from the church . In 1132 the reign of queen Anne , the necessity of erecting more churches occupied the attention of parliament ; and it was at length ordered , that fifty new churches should be erected in the metropolis . Notwithstanding the extent of the city at that period , there had been only 10 built in pursuance of those proceedings , and since that time the population and the buildings had increased to twice the extent of those preceding , which induced the House of Commons to agree , in bad times , that there was a necessity to build 50 ; therefore upon the same reasoning , there was now a necessity to build 100.—The noble viscount next noticed the ideas he had before entertained respecting pluralities , when he thought they were only to be found in the hands of poor individuals ; but he was sorry to say he had authentic information that they were only to be found amongst the higher beneficed clergy . In bringing this measure forward , he again most strongly disclaimed any motive or intention of adopting any measures of intolerance towards the Dissenters ; he was abhorrent towards a disposition of that nature . The noble viscount concluded by presenting the Bill to the House , and moving that it be read the first time . said , he would not act