all who had lived with him acknowledged to be a man in legal acquirements equal to any that had preceded or followed him ; in acuteness , subtlety , and argument unrivalled ; and not less distinguished for his pure and ardent love of liberty than for his deep knowledge of the constitution of his country . The hon . and learned lord on the woolsack , had recently avowed that he was his tutor and preceptor in the law , and thought it no mean subject of boast that he was such a man 's pupil and follower . This great man had thrown down the gauntlet , and offered to maintain in parliament or in courts of justice , that Ex Officio Informations were productive of nothing but mischief , were to all good purposes null and unnecessary , and were '' ; only calculated for oppression and abuse . Perhaps he was not far from agreeing with that opinion , but he did not mean to enforce it , or to avail himself of Mr. Dunning 's great authority to urge the suppression of that power altogether . But he quoted him , and he quoted him with confidence , to protect him from the imputation of rashness in supposing that an enormous increase of a practice so liable to abuse called for inquiry . He sheltered himself under his authority in expressing an opinion far short of that eminent lawyer 's on the subject , but he would acknowledge that if Ex Officio Informations continued 137 to increase in number and to be applied to such cases as they had been of late , the power had better be suppressed altogether at the risk of government losing the advantages , if any , which its exercise might occasionally afford , than be preserved at the much greater risk of sanctioning such abuse , and producing such hardships and grievances as must result to the subject from it . He came now more immediately to the subject of his motion , and it would hardly be necessary to explain the nature of that power which it was his object to restrain and regulate . He understood that there were three modes of proceeding against libel , by civil action , by indictment , and by information . The proceeding by civil action stood on other principles ; it was for reparation of a private damage or injury , not for a punishment of offence . His motion had nothing to do with it , nor did it regard the mode of proceeding by indictment , which was the regular , the safe , the constitutional and true way , generally , of proceeding against any public offence whatever—but of informations there were , he understood , two sorts , both leading to a criminal trial before a petty jury , without the intervention of a grand jury , and the solemnities which attended that previous proceeding . Both modes of information , in the Crown Office and by the Attorney General , had once been to practical purposes of a similar nature and effect , but by a law of William and Mary ( a law the existence of which he trusted would not again be denied , as it had been in 1808 ) the informations of the Crown Office were in effect confined to private prosecutors , and were only granted by leave of the court , which was in the habit of requiring many circumstances of aggravation before it complied with such an application . The same act required arecognizance ( now much too small ) from the prosecutor , but as the crown could not enter into recognizances , and the high office of Attorney General was considered as less liable to abuse , and more exposed to responsibility and punishment if abused , his Informations Ex Officio were left . The grounds of that bill had been the numerous and vexatious prosecutions , and the expences to which parties had been put without being brought to trial , and other grievances of a similar nature . Such were the allegations in the