hospital vacancies , containing a list of the directors , & c. ; articles relating to parties in that House ; papers where the name was printed on one side , when according to the provisions of the act it should be printed on the four ; and others in which omissions appeared of the most trifling nature , which subjected those connected with the press to severe penalties . He hoped the House would feel the propriety of that which he suggested , and without going at all into the original act , give the magistrates a discretionary power , or the parties who felt aggrieved a right to appeal at the quarter sessions . It was not his intention to go beyond these two points , but in one instance . The proprietors , printers , and publishers of newspapers were at present on a better footing than the printers of hand-bills and pamphlets , as the whole of their impression made but one offence . If a libel were printed tomorrow , in any newspaper , and a thousand numbers of it were circulated , the whole would constitute but one offence . He did not see why they should have this advantage over the printers of 443 pamphlets and hand-bills , and he should therefore propose some arrangement for placing those last mentioned on the same footing in that respect as the former . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend part of the 39th of his present Majesty . seconded the motion . would not oppose the motion , but he thought it rather hard that the legislature should be complained of after making certain arrangements for the regulation of any trade , if the inadvertencies of individuals were punished ; when the act , like that alluded to , was perfectly easy to be understood . spoke in favour of the Bill , for he thought what had been stated was argumentum ad hominem ; and that of the assembly he addressed , there might be three-fourths of them subject to the penalties which the act imposed , and which might take their whole fortunes to pay . Many of them circulated a great number of printed receipts for rents , which receipts were equally liable , with all other printed papers , to the penalties , and all their rents might not be competent to the payment of them . He could mention a ridiculous circumstance . He had the honour of being attached to a guild , who had printed oaths , which they circulated to each freeman . The printing of these oaths was very ancient , and there was no name put to them ; and he verily believed that all these oaths ( oaths of allegiance ) that were circulated since the passing of the act , might be said to be liable to the penalty . was of opinion that some distinction ought to be made between papers and pamphlets of a pernicious tendency , and those of a different description . contended , that the provisons of the act might not be so easily known by those whom they might affect , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to think . He had just had a paper put into his hands , which had been issued by the right hon . gentleman himself , which was liable to be affected by the provisions of the act , and it was probable that he had incurred the penalties imposed by the act , in a thousand similar instances . made a further observation on the responsibility of the pamphlet printer over that of the printer of a newspaper . The former , in addition to the penalties incurred by failing to observe 444 the regulations of the act , was liable to be prosecuted for a libel , if the hand-bills of pamphlets he published contained one.—Leave was then given to bring in the Bill . addressed their lordships on the great fitness and propriety of enacting , by a separate legislative provision , the proposition he brought forward