but in reference to the gold and silver it contains , it follows that the real value of the paper is measured by the gold and silver in the coin which it is said to represent . He then , in confirmation of his opinion , referred to a work which must be considered as something more than an ordinary publication ; he meant the letter of lord Liverpool to the King , upon the subject of coins . Independent of the great ability which was manifested in that work , as it was published in consquence of a regular inquiry on the subject , it carried with it the weight of official research , and might be considered in some degree as an official document . His lordship stated `` that all commodities take their price and value in reference to the coins , or in other words , to the quantity of gold for which they could be exchanged . '' 973 The value of paper therefore , by this reasoning , must have fallen from the time when it would purchase a larger quantity of gold than it will do at present.—When the right hon . gent . then stated that these notes had a value in public estimation and opinion , different from their value as referred to the price of gold , it was he that broached new doctrines , and such as were totally different from all former opinions on this subject . The Bank note does not bear the same proportion to the gold contained in the coin that it did formerly , and therefore it is depreciated.—If great perplexity and confusion had been produced upon this subject , it was not by the Report of the Bullion Committee , but by the manner in which that Report had been handled . As to the effects of an increased taxation in depreciating the currency , it probably had some effect , but that effect found a natural limit . The expence of working the mines prevented an overabundant supply of specie ; and the effect of a scarcity of it was only to increase its value , and consequently to diminish the prices of other commodities . The depreciation which the Committee contemplated was a depreciation of one part of the currency from particular causes , which depreciation was detected by a comparison between the paper money and the Mint standard of gold or silver it represented . If the coin part of our currency did not bear its proper proportion to the Mint standard , as if , for example , a smaller quantity of gold was called a guinea , then the depreciation would be in the coin ; but as it is the paper which represents a smaller quantity of gold than a guinea contains , it is the paper which is depreciated.—If our metallic currency were so debased as to cause a depreciation of 25 per cent . at the present period , then this inequality could not exist , and paper would be a fair equivalent for coin . In William 's reign the silver coinage was depreciated by debasement 30 per cent . below its standard value , and the notes of the Bank , which were payable in silver , were equally depreciated . He was at a loss to conceive what was meant by the current value of bank notes . What value could the creditor get from the Bank ? The law had indeed given them its sanction , and the Exchequer received the notes at par—a circumstance which probably served very materially to sustain them in circulation . 974 Whilst upon this part of the subject , he should beg leave to call the attention of the House to the contents of a very admirable Report , made to the lords of the treasury in the year 1776 . This Report very truly and correctly stated , `` that the regulations of the Mint having established the gold currency of the country at a higher rate , with respect to silver , than the market price of bullion , acted as a premium