may be brought into the market . Since the discounts have failed them , in consequence of many of their best customers having found their way into the Gazette , they of course are obliged to have recourse to other means to obtain profit , and they accordingly , with their own paper , purchase treasury securities . It was the wise policy of our ancestors , when the Bank was first established , not to grant them too wide a field for speculation , lest in so doing they might clash with the interests of the State ; but of late years his Majesty 's government had departed from that wise line of conduct , and , as it would seem , had connected themselves-with , the company . In 1793 , Mr. Pitt found it convenient to pass an act , 761 which legalised all treasury acceptances for advances of money made by the company for the use of the government . The spirit of that act did not , however , autherise more than 600,000l . to be advanced ; but subsequently that had been even done away with , because it became necessary that the connection should be closer than ever . The hon . gent . thought that the conduct of government in that instance was unfair , for if it were necessary that Exchequer Bills should be issued , they might be sent into the world bearing a small interest , and in small sums of 10l. , 20l. , 30l. , 10l. , or of 50l . sterling : but the consequence of the measures adopted by government were , that the company was enabled to purchase the whole of the Bills issued , to the disadvantage of the public funds . Indeed , so much had the Company ingratiated themselves with the government , that , in 1796 , they extorted a sort of promise from the minister , that he would not negotiate any subsidy with any foreign power , without the concurrence of the Bank . The hon . gent , considered this as giving to them a dangerous power , which was evidently manifested ; for the extension of their paper issues enabled them to purchase annually 17 millions of Exchequer Bills . He contended that the act of the 33d of the king made them a great part of the government ; and , consequently , if they claimed a participation in the public interest , this House of course were entitled to look into their affairs . On these grounds he could see no objection to the production of the account . He then moved for `` An Account of the Exchequer Bills held by the Bank of England , in January , April and June , of each year , commencing from the 1st January , .1797 , down to the latest period , at which the same can be made up . '' replied to the observations of the hon . gent. , who had charged the Directors of the Bank with forfeiting that confidence which the public reposed in them . He denied that they had lost that confidence , and he had never heard a charge of the sort , except from the mouth of the hon . gent . He therefore must be allowed to disbelieve it , without evidence to prove it was founded in truth . Under this conviction the topics in the speech of the hon . gent. , were sea reel worthy an answer . He must , however , State his grounds for objecting to the-motion The hon . gent , had referred to the clause in the 762 act of the 33d of the King , restricting the advances to the government to 600,000l . That clause was introduced by Mr. Fox , and at that time was not objected to ; but he should be glad if the hon . gent , would inform him what the commerce and the revenue of the country would have done if it had not been for the issues ? The country could not have gone on without them