sustained a loss equal to that which a great victory would have inflicted , and that at a small expence on the part of the allied army . 767 It was to him , as it must be to all their lordships , therefore a source to the highest satisfaction , that so much had been achieved , and yet that British blood , so valuable at all times , had been spared . ( Hear ) . There was one topic however to which he could not advert without great pain , and that was , the miseries that had been inflicted on the unfortunate inhabitants of Portugal by their merciless invaders . Calamity was inseparable from war ; and , above all , from a defensive war , where the enemy had penetrated into the heart of the country . The dwellings , and the means of the people , would be made subservient to the purposes of the invader : but to our general , no blame was ascribable for adopting measures , which , though painful in themselves , were very necessary for the ultimate expulsion of the enemy . The miseries which the French had inflicted in their retreat , were , from all concurrent accounts , sufficient to harrow up the feelings of every humane spirit ; and he trusted , that as to lord Wellington the Portuguese were indebted for the expulsion of their enemies , so to his provident cares they would also be indebted for much alleviation of their misfortunes . From the language held by ministers , he trusted that Portugal was perfectly secure , at least for the present ; that no apprehension was to be entertained for Sir W. Beresford and his army ; and that the speedy fall of Badajoz might be firmly anticipated . In this light the expulsion of the French army was to be regarded as a circumstance of the proudest nature , and most worthy of the cordial thanks of the House—the greatest reward which they had to bestow . Great and important , however , as the deliverance of Portugal was , even that might prove only a temporary advantage ; but the moral influence of such a distinguished advantage upon the minds of the enemy 's forces must be very considerable , while on those of our own troops its effects must be incalculably beneficial.—From the proud and well-earned confidence , that we possess commanders able to cope with and to defeat the '' spoiled children '' of victory , we derived a security against any efforts that may be more immediately directed against ourselves . But at the same time that he made this observation he must caution the House against thinking that there was no ground for future apprehension . He knew not what diversion might arise of the enemy 's force from 768 troubles in Holland , or from war in the North of Europe ; with prospects of diversion in those quarters , he was not acquainted : but when he considered what effect this marked repulse must have on the revengeful passions of our enemy , and how much his reputation was at stake in repairing his losses , we ought to be prepared for seeing still greater efforts made by him ; and if we continued to be left as principals in the war of the Peninsula , he much doubted , still , the chances of our being ultimately successful.—There must be very different exertions made from what we had witnessed on the part of the Spaniards , to enable us to entertain a rational hope that the independence of the Peninsula would or could be finally established . The present was a propitious interval for exciting Spain to combined and vigorous efforts , and should be improved by ministers for that purpose , particularly when the gallantry and good conduct of the Portuguese troops had pointed out the very mode in which this interval may be turned to the best advantage . It was a duty incumbent on ministers and on parliament to take care , lest through timidity , imbecility , or