possible , however , that all these professions might be hollow and deceitful ; 20 but of that , no trace appeared on the proceedings of the Committee . The House was in a state of profound ignorance on the subject , as nothing had been produced to justify the strong measure that had been had recourse to . His Majesty 's ministers might , indeed , possess information of a different nature . They might know that this declaration was nothing more than a pretext ; and that under this seeming regard for the laws , measures of a dangerous tendency were in contemplation . But the House had no information of any such designs , and remained in profound ignorance on the subject . From this measure , how-ever , it appeared that Ireland was in a most perilous state ; but it was impossible for a moment to conceive that the cause of this measure did not lie deeper than the Letter of the Secretary to the Catholic Committee ; for this Letter was dated as far back as the 1st of January , and the Circular Letter of the Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant was dated the 12th of this month ; so that it appeared there were six entire weeks between the two acts . It was hardly possible to conceive that this Letter of the Secretary to the Catholic Committee could be the ground for the proceeding of the Irish government , when it was considered , that so little stress did that government seem to lay on that Letter , that the lord lieutenant did not think it worth his while to transmit a copy of it to his Majesty 's ministers . It had even excited no feeling in the government here , for his Majesty 's ministers made no mention whatever of it in the late speech from the throne . There was not one syllable in the Speech which had the smallest relation to it , although this paper had been in existence for six weeks . His Majesty 's ministers , under such circumstances , ought to be able to make out a good case : they ought to be able to shew what powerful motive could induce them to remain quiet for six weeks , and then , all at once , to break out into the precipitate adoption of this harsh and unaccountable measure.—But he wished to call the attention of the House to a particular circumstance : —He had to ask , at what time particularly , this Letter of the Irish Secretary came forth ? This paper was issued at a time when the accounts of the Installation of the Prince Regent had barely arrived in Ireland . This was a most unlucky coincidence ; for the Prince was , deservedly , in the highest degree popular in that country , and was considered , on all hands , to be 21 strongly attached to the interests of his Irish subjects . For this measure , however , there was not the smallest ground to suppose that ministers had the countenance of his Royal Highness . Whether ministers were right or wrong in the adoption of this severe measure , in the present state of his information upon that subject , he should be very sorry to take upon him to decide ; but it was necessary that the House should have means to enable them amply to discuss and to decide upon the subject . If it should turn out that the measure was necessary and justifiable , it might have the effect of turning the minds of the government to relax the system which they had been pursuing in Ireland . It was now four years since the right hon . gent was called to the administration of these kingdoms ; and what was the result of his administration in Ireland ? The state of Ireland was every year growing worse and worse under his management ; it was every year becoming more and more a part not of our strength , but of our weakness . He would ask , whether ministers