is contented with such language ? or who feels , that he does justice to the military character of his country , when he merely professes to believe , that an invasion of this country would terminate in the disgrace and discomfiture of the invaders ? Is this the language which we now use ? Or are these the topics with which we are now conversant ? Are not our language , our sentiments , and our feelings , really and genuinely of a higher sort ? `` What ! shall they seek the lion in his den , `` And brave him there ? `` Oh let it not be said . '' And whence then is this great and decisive change in public opinion ? whence but from the war in the peninsula ? and is not this a revolution of the highest importance ? a vain and vapouring confidence springing out of no principle , founded on no practice , and accompanied by no proof and test of its soundness , is indeed far from being a splendid , a safe , or a commendable quality , but a confidence , which has grown up gradually in proportion to our efforts and our trials—which is founded not in our feelings but in our experience—not singly in our own estimation of ourselves , but in a comparison of ourselves with our enemy—which augurs what we may do in our own defence from what we have achieved in the defence of our allies—this confidence is one which may be blamelessly felt , and safely relied on ; it is a solid principle of strength , as well as a just ground of exultation ; and to have purchased this confidence in ourselves is an object for the attainment of which no sacrifice which has been made , and no burden which may be incurred , can justly be thought more than sufficient . Much , however , as I applaud , and as I partake of this confidence , I am not so blindly sanguine 231 as to look forward to certain success and glory , without taking into my consideration the possibility of a reverse ; but when I contemplate that side of the picture , I do so with this consolation , that if ever there was a moment or a situation in which failure ( disgrace I will not say , for that is not possible to such an army and such a commander ) , but in which the failure of the object for which we contend would be comparatively less injurious to us , and defeat more calamitous to the enemy , it is in my opinion the present moment , and the actual situation of the campaign in Portugal . And this too , from moral no less , or even more , than from military considerations . The ruler of France has now the eyes of all Europe fixed upon him . He has now no distant diversion to distract his councils , or draw off the attention of his subjects and of mankind from the one grand object to which he stands pledged and bound—the establishment of his usurped dominion in the peninsula . If he fail in this , his defeat must be most signal and decisive . It admits of no palliation ; it is not to be retrieved or compensated by lesser triumphs , nor to be obliterated from memory by the achievement of new successes in other quarters of the world . To be foiled in this great object , and to be foiled by Great Britain , would be to him the most disgraceful , and consequently the most dangerous defeat that he has ever experienced—breaking the charm of his ascendancy , and shaking the foundation of his power . To us it would be the most glorious triumph that the events of this tremendous war have ever yet brought within our reach ; the seal of our fidelity to our allies—the consummation of our military character—and the pledge of our national safety . Such is the character and importance of the contest which is now