saw their advantage in having three or four ships out at one 238 time . If the House only considered that such persons could not but be aware of the nature of the trade in which they were about to deal , they could hardly fail being satisfied that there was not a single object more appropriate for criminal legislation . A person fitting out a vessel for this trade knew that he was to arrive on the coast of Africa , and that in various ways he was to get into his possession a cargo of human beings ; that he was to sell them into a state of slavery , infinitely exceeding every other , and with circumstances too disgusting to be dwelt on . It was impossible , that a person engaged in such a speculation could have his eyes shut to the evils he was about to inflict ; so that instead of being a malum prokibitum , it must be seen to be a malum in se . Without going further into the cruelties of the trade , without looking to the hardships of the middle passage , it was impossible for any man to shut his eyes against the horrors of such a traffic : and , what then should be said to a person in this country sending his deputies abroad to inflict miseries and cruelties greater than any other ? That such would properly fall under the cognizance of the criminal law , it would not be necessary for him to adduce many instances to prove . By an act in the reign of George 2 , any waterman on the river , carrying above a certain number of passengers in his boat or wherry , if by any accident a life should be lost , was declared guilty of felony . So even while the slave trade was tolerated , it was punishable to carry above a certain number , in proportion to the tonnage of the vessel , through the middle passage . There were many other instances which he might mention . It was declared to be felony , without benefit of clergy , to damage any public works ; to damage London bridge , Fulham bridge , & c. & c. ; to destroy any lock or sluice on a canal ; to destroy any turnpike house or gale , & c. ; and by the 48th of the king , it was declared to be felony to steal oysters , for which the persons offending were subject to transportation for 14 years , or to hard labour for three years . The House would recollect that he was talking of that which was robbery , torture , murder , and they would not fail to punish such an offence with something at least equal to the punishment imposed for stealing an oyster . It was said that the great bulk of this trade in slaves , was carried on by the Americans and the Spaniards . It would appear , however , that both of those countries 239 were putting down the traffic as we had done , and the message from the president to the congress of the United States , recommended the taking of further measures for the complete abolition of that trade . The measure he proposed to introduce would have the effect of making the supercargoes liable , who would be struck at by the act ; and if foreign cruizers should endeavour to come into any of our settlements , they might be brought to trial , as a foreigner in this country trying to escape might be brought to punishment . The hon . and learned gent , concluded by moving `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual the Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade . '' said , he had received information of one ship having been seized laden with slaves , and that there were three others in similar circumstances which were following . From every information the trade was still carried on to a great extent , and he