as arbitrarily and unceremoniously as we pleased , but that the same experiment could not be tried upon the guinea without an alteration of the law , and that alterations of the law are dangerous . '' I reply , that the law is much less in our way on this point than gentlemen seem to apprehend . It is true that the dollar is a foreign coin of which our laws take no specific cognizance ; but it is equally true that there is another coin in the country , not a legal coin , —a coin , of which the law takes no notice except to put it out of its protection ; which no man is obliged , or even permitted , to receive from another in payment ; which in short is as completely devoid of the qualities of British coin as the dollar , and indeed more completely so , since it is expressly stripped of those qualities by statute.—Now , if such a coin as this can be found , where is the harm of trying upon it the same experiment which has been so happily applied to the dollar ; especially if it be , as fortunately it is , a gold coin , and there fore capable of supplying that share which dollars do not supply , towards the completement or a metallic circulation ? , The coin to which I allude , is one which my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Huskisson ) is accused of having treated in his pamphlet with exaggerated respect , but which in the course of this debate has , I think too much disparaged ; —I mean the light guinea . The light guinea is not , any more than 1096 the dollar , a legal coin . A guinea having arrived by wear at a certain degree of lightness , is at once divested by law of all its qualities of coin , and is reduced to its intrinsic value , whatever that may be , as bullion . It happens , to be sure , at the present moment , that this reduction , as measured in bank notes , is a promotion . But that is equally true in respect to the dollar . The rate at which the dollar now passes is not only higher than it was some time ago ; but higher than that which it bears , from its intrinsic value , in comparison with the legal coin of the country . Whether it was right to raise the denomination of the dollar , I do not think it necessary to give an opinion : that is done . But upon the principle , whatever it was , on which the denomination of the dollar was raised , there can surely be no objection to suffering the light guinea to go for what it is worth , and thereby obtaining an anomalous gold currency , to correspond with the anomalous silver currency , each alike independent of the legal coin of the realm . The legal coin—the guinea of full lawful weight , —would still remain , in the eye of the law , in that of the imagination , and in the argument of the right hon . gent. , as the equivalent for bank-notes . It would not often come forth indeed to afford a practical illustration of his argument ; but he might continue to enjoy the satisfaction of maintaining , as he does now , as an abstract proposition , that bank-notes and guineas are equivalent in law . Meantime the advantage derived from the marketablencss of light guineas would be , either to retain at least that portion of our metallic circulation at home , or to make the foreigner or the enemy pay its full value for it on exportation . It is on all hands acknowledged—by the right hon . gent . and his supporters it is earnestly contended—that our gold finds its way out of the country , either in discharge of the balance of payments , or in to the coffers of the enemy . That enemy