informations were more numerous than they had been in the three preceding years , had thence inferred , that there was reason to suspect the power of filing them had been improperly exercised . He wished the House here to observe , that the same opportunities which enabled the noble lord to ascertain the number of informations filed , enabled him also to ascertain the nature of the libels for which they were filed . He was sure that the diligence , the zeal , and the curiosity of mind for which the noble lord was so eminently distinguished must have also induced him to examine the nature of the libels . Not a word , however , did the noble lord say on that subject . He yet thought that the House would not deal so harshly with an officer compelled to exercise such invidious 578 powers as those which it was his duty to exercise , as to conclude , that because the number of informations increased , the in-formations were necessarily improper . If a greater number of libels were published within a certain period , than during any former period of a similar extent , an Attorney-General would neglect his duty , unless he increased the number of his prosecutions in proportion . The noble lord knew very well , it had been relied on by the person from whom he had borrowed a great part of his accusations—it had been relied on by Hart and White in their defence—it had been relied on by the two Hunts—that publications of a nature similar to theirs had been passed over on former occasions unnoticed . In what a situation therefore was he placed ! If he abstained from prosecutions he might be accused of holding out impunity to future offenders ; if he prosecuted , he was then charged with unbecoming and oppressive severity . When the noble lord stated that 42 persons had been prosecuted for libels during the last three years , he ought to have added that the number of libels prosecuted , was only 18 ; several persons having been prosecuted for the same libel copied into different publications . When it was considered that there were 52 different newspapers published in London , some every day , some once a week , some twice a-week , and some three times a-week ; and that altogether , near 200 publications were thus issued from the press of the metropolis every week , it would not appear surprising that the necessity of instituting prosecutions for libels should have greatly increased . Now with respect to the eighteen libels which had been the subject of prosecution , he had to inform the House , that eleven of them had either been proved before a Jury , or judgment on them had been suffered to go by default . On one , the defendant had been acquitted ; and he ( the Attorney General ) had in consequence withdrawn the record of the next on the paper , and had not brought it to trial . Three of the defendants had inserted satisfactory apologies in their newspapers , and he had dropped the prosecutions in consequence . He had filed an information against the author of the Independent Whig , for a libel on the Duke of York , long after the investigation of his royal highness 's conduct had terminated : but on a representation that the libel was inserted without the publisher 's knowledge 579 —that he was in infirm health—that the imprisonment he was already enduring pressed heavily upon him—and that an extension of it would be a most grievous suffering , he had consented to drop the prosecution , on a proper apology being made . One case was now pending , but not ripe for trial . In two cases connected with major Hogan 's pamphlet , he had dropped the prosecutions , for reasons which , he was persuaded , the House would not condemn . The noble lord had also asserted , that some prosecutions had been dropped because the persons against whom the informations had been filed changed