appeared to him that such a practice was often very prejudicial to the successful termination of the discussion itself . For example , if there should be a parliamentary discussion on points actually in discussion between the two governments , it was not unlikely that arguments and topics might suggest themselves to the ingenuity of some members of that House , which had never occurred to the American Government , and which being so suggested and published in our papers , might retard the desired termination of the discussions , by encouraging the other party to carry their pretensions farther than they would otherwise have thought of . He thought it , besides , an inconvenient and bad practice , to expose the confidential communications of two governments before the discussion was completely terminated . now understood the right hon . gent , to mean , that the chargé d'affaires was not to continue the discussions on the matters in dispute , but merely to keep up the general diplomatic correspondence between the two countries . The 177 points of difference he conceived were three ; the business of the Chesapeake , the system of blockade , and the orders in council . It did certainly appear very extraordinary , that the American minister should have considered the discussions on these points as terminated , while the government here thought otherwise . The right hon . gent . refused to lay the correspondence before the House , and blamed the Americans for publishing such documents . When the Americans got the right hon . gent . 's speech , perhaps , it would prevail upon them to alter the practice ; but in the present instance , the misfortune was that the papers would be published in America before the speech could possibly get there . Besides , though they had the speech , the argument would not apply ; for they , no doubt , would consider the discussion as terminated . But he thought it of such great importance that the whole of this business should be known , that on Friday , he would move for the production of the correspondence . presented a Petition from the Printers , Booksellers , and Publishers , of the united kingdom , setting forth , `` That the petitioners constitute a numerous and respectable class of the community , and the employment in which they are engaged being intimately connected with the interests of literature , and productive of many advantages to the state , has ever been considered as entitled to the protection and encouragement of the legislature ; and that the petitioners have of late felt themselves aggrieved in the exercise of their trade and business by the provisions of the act 39 Geo . 3 , c. 79 , intituled , 'An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes , and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices ; ' and , as they humbly apprehend that the regulations which they beg leave to submit to the consideration of the House have been productive of hardships never meant to be imposed upon the petitioners , they are encouraged to hope that the grievance of which they complain will find a remedy in the wisdom and humanity of parliament ; and that the preamble to that part of the act in which the petitioners are principally concerned states , 'That whereas all persons printing and publishing 178 any papers or writings are by law answerable for the contents thereof , but such responsibility hath of late been in a great degree eluded by the secret printing and publication of such seditious , immoral , and irreligious papers or writings as aforesaid , and it is therefore highly important to the public peace that it should in future be known by whom any such papers shall be printed ; ' and in section 27 it is enacted , 'That from and after the expiration of forty days after the passing of the said act , every person who shall print any paper or book whatsoever , which shall be meant or intended