habit of communicating . At first he did not believe that the evil prevailed to such an extent as had been stated , but so various were the representations that he now thought it his duty to submit the present motion to the 124 House , that they might ascertain its existence , and provide a remedy as soon as possible . He deprecated all discussion upon this occasion as premature , and recommended that they should wait to have , the advantage of the report . It was his intention , that all the surviving members of the committee which was appointed upon a similar subject , in the year 1793 , should be upon the present , and that the number of the whole should be 21 . He concluded with moving , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the State of Commercial Credit , and report the same , as it shall appear to them , to the House , together with their opinion and observations thereon . '' The members proposed were : the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Manning , sir J. Sinclair , Mr. Brogden , sir J. Shaw , Mr. Staniforth , Mr. Irving , Mr. H. Thornton , Mr. Robert Shaw of Dublin , Mr. Dundas , the Lord Advocate of Scotland , Mr. Rose , sir Thomas Baring , Mr. A. Baring , Mr. Sharp , Mr. Long , Mr. Alderman Combe , Mr. Marryatt , sir J. Newport , Mr. Foster , and Mr. C. Ellis . said , he hoped that the committee would be permitted to go at large into the subject , in order to trace the cause of the evil . said , the committee for which he moved , was for the purpose of inquiring into the state of Commercial Credit , not of Public Credit , beyond that it was not his idea that it should go . The committee , he was sure , would not think it advisable to protract their report to any great length , but it would naturally inquire into the causes for the purpose of ascertaining the remedy ; and if it found that the evil sprung from public causes , would of course recommend a public remedy . Should that view , however , be taken of the subject , there would be more propriety , he thought , in bringing it before the committee than the House . hailed the present measure as a step towards the exposure of the bad system upon which the government had acted . He alluded to the new relations with America , and disapproved of the policy of encouraging manufactures to the injury of the agriculture of the country . thought the chancellor of the exchequer had taken a more correct view of the subject than his right hon . friend . It was better , in his opinion , to confine the inquiry at present to the nature 125 of the measures to be adopted , than to enter upon the causes which have led to those measures . He wished to express , however , no opinion at present of the remedy necessary for the evil ; or even an opinion of the possibility of affording any such remedy . He rose to move for the addition of another name to the list . Nothing , he owned , could be more respectable than the names of which that list was composed ; but he could not avoid thinking that it would have been better if it had contained fewer commercial members . He thought that , at any rate , the late Secretary to the Treasury should be on the committee , and should therefore move , that the name of Mr. Huskisson be added . wished to decline the honour of being a member of the committee . He stated the points in which he thought the present distresses resembled , and in which they did not resemble those of 1793 . At present there was no interruption to public credit ; in 1793 it was otherwise ; and at present