the House . He would satisfy himself , therefore , with stating the fact generally , and challenging the noble lord to contradict it if he could . Amongst the many cases contained in his studious enumeration of what he thought proper to designate as severe sentences , the noble lord had adverted to the sentence of three years imprisonment passed on Hart and White , which the noble lord asserted was for a single libel.— ( Lord Folkestone said across the table , that he had observed it was for two libels . ) —He did not hear the noble lord say so before ; If he did say so , it had escaped his ear . What he had understood him in his speech to have represented was , that the sentence 575 of three years imprisonment had been inflicted on those persons for the publication of a single libel . There were however two libels , and they were of a very gross nature . He was persuaded that those who looked at the libels of which these individuals were convicted—who looked to the conduct of the individuals themselves , and who then reverted to the judgments of the courts , in times which had been called `` the good times of the law and of the constitution , '' would see no ground for accusing the judges of the present day of overstepping their power , or of exercising their authority with rigour . The noble lord indeed had declared that it was a mockery to say , that persons , situated as those were , whose case he had been just considering , might have the benefit of a writ of error ; because there was such a long string of cases pending in the House of Lords , that a very considerable time must elapse before that writ of error could be argued . How happened it that the noble lord forgot to accompany this assertion with the statement that the individuals , Messrs. Hart and White , did actually bring a writ of error into the House of Lords ; that , being a criminal case , immediate attention was paid to it ; that other pending matters were made to give way to it ; and that the subject was taken into consideration at the earliest possible opportunity ? Surely it was not the object of the noble lord and could not be his wish to intimate , that the criminal law was administered with more severity than it really was . He confessed his wonder therefore , that to the declaration that a Writ of error , to persons in the situation of Hart and White , held out the semblance , but not the substance of advantage , the noble lord had not , with the case fresh in his memory , added that that case was an exception to his general remark . In the course of his speech , the noble lord had most strenuously contended that the situation of offenders of this description was very much aggravated by the Bill which he ( the Attorney General ) had had the honour to introduce into the House three years ago ; and that by that Bill he had assumed the power—nut merely of filing informations for libel against whom he pleased—but , having filed such informations , of casting any one of his Majesty 's subjects into prison unless he found the bail required for his subsequent appearance.—Now really when the noble lord had asserted this , he for his part sup- 576 posed it was a slip ; and that the noble lord did not mean to convey that which his words necessarily implied . But when to this the noble lord added , that by this act of parliament , he ( the Attorney General ) had under his controul the liberty of every subject of the realm , against whom he might choose to file a criminal information for libel , he was at length satisfied there had been no mistake . The House would judge of the fact . The Act alluded to gave