was brought forward by , speculators and said that it had the sanction great names as the duke of Norfolk and lord Egremont . He maintained that the Canal would be of eminent advantage in conveying a principal part or the lading the East and West India outward bound fleets ; and hoped that the Bill would be suffered to go into a Committee ; in order that its merits might be fairly considered . contended that many advantages would result from the formation 738 of this Canal . There were many valuable stone quarries along the projected line ; there were large tracts of waste lands , which would be benefited ; and the junction of the river Ouse canal would also be attended with material advantage . Besides , the quick conveyance of naval stores to Portsmouth would be effected by it . On all these grounds he would support the Bill . did not agree in opinion with the hon . baronet , that any of those advantages would result from the proposed canal , the chief part of which , according to his statement , would affect the Sussex part of the line , for which a Bill should be brought in next year , as they were obliged to vary the notices ; so that the only part which could proceed , if this Bill was carried through , would be the offensive part , namely , that part which was to run through the county of Kent . It was farcical to talk of the communication of Northfleet , and Woolwich , and Chatham , with Portsmouth , by means of this canal ; for a canal from Croydon would answer all those purposes without cutting up 1,400 acres of land . The fact was , that not one of the great landed proprietors in Kent were favourable to the measure ; and if the county members were not absent from indisposition , there was no doubt of their opposing it in their places . Neither were any of the principal towns of Sussex likely to be benefited by it , as it was to run parallel to the sea . The great objection was , that there was no landholder in favour of it ; and though the duke of Norfolk and lord Egremont had compromised with the projectors of this Canal , they had been originally adverse to it , and their names were only made use of now to give a colour to the business , and to assist in cramming it down the throats of those who were adverse to it . He hoped , therefore that the House would set its face against the system of which this was a part . , opposed the Bill , and said that he did not believe that there were two landholders in the county of Kent favourable to it . He knew no recompense which could be made for the injuries which would be done to extensive and beautiful plantations which this Canal would destroy . There were other objections arising from the variety of projectors , and neglect forms of the House , which induced , him vote for the Amendment . rose to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whether it was his intention to make any communication to the House , on the subject of his Majesty 's health By the Regency Act the Queen 's Council were required to make a Report to the President of the Privy Council , in the first week of April , as to the state of his Majesty 's health . This Report must now have been made ; and with a view to the regulation of his own conduct , he wished to know whether it was intended to lay this communication before House . replied that he had no objection to any motion to that effect being made by the hon . gentleman . then moved `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order that there be laid before the House copy