the royal marines , although he feared that it would not be possible to go the whole length wished for by the hon . gentleman . had been informed that the widows and orphans of that valuable corps , which had been mentioned in the course of the debate , were not provided for the same as those of the navy . He wished for some information on the subject . said a fund had been formed for their relief , called the Widow 's Fund , and they had certain allowances beside . spoke strongly in favour of the system lately introduced of transporting soldiers in ships of war . He wished to know how far it had been acted upon , and what advantages it was found to possess over the old system of hiring transports ? the new system he hoped would be acted upon as far as it possibly could , seeing it afforded a greater degree of safety to the troops . The next head on which he wished to speak was the practice of building king 's ships in merchants ' yards . He wished to know if in the present state of things it was necessary to continue the expences so incurred ? It was now proposed to keep in commission six first-rate ships of the line ; nine of the second , and 114 of the third ; that was , six carrying above 100 guns ; nine carrying above 74 ; and 114 carrying not under 74 . Besides these , there remained in ordinary 117 sail of the line , reckoning no ships of the line that carried less than 74 guns , and including those building and repairing , in addition to a navy which would require 145,000 men to man it.—The total amount of the ships of the line in ordinary would be no less than 147 . He merely wished to ask , if , under existing circumstances , it was necessary to continue to increase our navy in this proportion ? At the breaking out of the war in 1793 , when France had 80 sail of the line , and the fleets of Spain and Holland were opposed to us , we had but 120 sail of-the line . When hostilities last broke out after the Treaty of Amiens , France had but 50 ships of the line . Of these , 378 he thought , half had been taken or destroyed , and if her present fleet , with the fleets of all the other powers of Europe , should appear combined against us , he thought they could not bring against us half the number with which we were prepared to meet them . In the course of the last war , 25 ships of the line were launched . In the present we had already launched 35 , and there were , besides , from 30 to 40 building . When he considered that , in addition to those we had in ordinary , another navy equal to that at present afloat , it appeared to him that we might possibly be building ships faster than was necessary . When he recollected that at a period , when , from the then state of Europe , Great Britain had so much more to watch than at present , that ; the expenditure of 15,000,000l . and the maintenance of 120,000 men , were thought sufficient to uphold the interests of the country , he trusted he might be excused for entertaining the idea he held on the subject . Feeling this , he thought that more time might be allowed to the bringing ships to perfection in building , and that if the building of them were confined to the king 's yards , the interests of the country would be best consulted . , without at present entering at large into the question , stated it to be his opinion , that the substituting of king 's ships for hired transports to a certain extent , was highly advisable . Whatever might be said against this system , on the score