'' starting up to assert a right of giving an opinion on any great measure in the contemplation of government . The College of Princes ! Such a college existed in the Germanic Constitution , lately laid low ; but , now , for the first time , is heard of in the armies of Great Britain . * * * * They must know , that as Princes , they were nothing but great babies , with royal corals and bells , just learning to walk in the paths of the state ; and that by making them English noblemen , with seats in Parliament , the King breeched them into political manhood . As Prince Ernest and Prince Adolphus , they are nothing more than great boys , hardly regarded by the public , but without power or weight in the community—pretty creatures for a Dutchess to have dancing at her ball , 566 but of no influence in the Government . To give them this influence they were made Peers of Parliament . * * * * * * As English noblemen of the highest rank , they command respect * * * * as Princes they sink back to the character of great looby boys with toys and rattles . What evil genius has persuaded them to drop their parliamentary for their princely character ? To lake a step which , as they knew it would be disregarded , must expose their impotence and excite derision ? Let them act in Parliament , but let them never be heard again in their princely collective capacity , if they do not wish to become obnoxious . The history of the class of the French Princes is not forgotten . '' Now , Sir , I am not complaining that these things are not proceeded against , but I do complain of the partiality which prosecutes for every thing that may be said against the political friends of the minister of the day , but passes over the grossest and most indecent observations which can possibly be made against the highest persons in the community , unless those persons happen to coincide in political opinion with the Government for the time being . The whole of the article I have just read to the House , is so grossly absurd , indecent and abominable , that I do not blame the Attorney General for not prosecuting the Author of it . But I do , and I must blame him for not shewing something like impartiality in his selection of those libels which ought to be proceeded against . I can also state , although it is not now a new case , that it appeared that in the year 1788 , libels against two of the royal Dukes who then opposed ministers were actually sent to the newspapers for insertion from the Treasury , and the publisher imprisoned for it . I have before alluded to the two persons sent for three years to distant jails for a libel upon a jury , that is for censuring the Verdict of a jury ; yet a ministerial paper ( The Courier ) may abuse with impunity that Jury who thought it their duty to acquit Messrs. Hunt ? Upon the whole , Sir , it appears , that the real rule which guides these prosecutions is this : that the Courier and the other papers which support the Ministers of the day may say whatever they please without the tear of prosecution ; whereas the Examiner , The Independent Whig , I he Statesman , and papers that take the contrary line , are sure to be prosecuted 567 for any expressions that may be offensive to the minister . In directing these observations to the Attorney-General , I have acted merely from the consideration , that he is the Officer properly responsible . I do not know whether he has acted ex propriomotu , or whether he has been guided by the opinions of others . It is pretty evident , however , that the gentlemen with whom he is in the habit of acting are all