and will be the feeling of his government to extend lenity and forbearance ? The right hon . gent . then , is now almost the friend to a dispassionate consideration of the Catholic claims ? I am not surprised that after the exertions of a successful ambition , like others of his predecessors , he has kicked down the ladder by which he scrambled up to political importance . We have it now distinctly admitted , by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ( raised , by the bye , to his station by far different sentiments ) that he is willing to concede the loyalty of the great body of the Catholics . We this night hear from that source that the disturbances which agitate Ireland have nothing to do with political questions or with Catholic emancipation . I congratulate the right hon . gent. , this country and Ireland , on the revolution that has been effected in his opinions ; feeling it wholly unnecessary to comment on the causes of his conversion . It is , however , altogether impossible to forget the libel , which the very formation of his administration pronounced upon the Irish people : it is impossible to forget that , during that administration , an appointment to the privy council was made—an appointment which , even at the time , the right hon . gent . did not dare to justify—of an individual ( Dr. Duigenan ) , who in conversation , and in print , within these walls , and without them , had arraigned the Catholics as traitors to the Stale . Does the right hon . gent . fancy that his acts will perish ? Can he suppose that the extorted admissions of this day can compensate for the exacerbated attacks of the former part of his administration ? A gallant general ( Loftus ) on the other side , declares , forsooth , that the Catholics of Ireland labour under no disabilities—but that they are in the enjoyment of all those rights with which men ought to be satisfied . He who makes that statement is a general officer . Is he not , as be ought to be , proud of this distinction ? Are the Catholics to have no credit for the same feelings of generous ambition ? Are they to exemplify loyalty as sincere—heroism as conspicuous—genius as commanding as their Protestant fellow-soldiers can 45 display , and then to be supposed dead to all the honourable impulses of life , undeserving of all those encouragements and rewards which a grateful country can bestow ? The gallant general has opened his mouth this night in this House ; is he not , as every member of a free State must be , proud of that distinction ? Can the Catholic enjoy that right ? How , then , at the very moment when his own act contradicts his statement , can he say that the Catholic of Ireland labours under no disability ? Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer endeavours to justify the Irish government for the course they have pursued . He founds his opinion on the Circular Letter of the Catholics , and the other information which the government here have received . Upon his own shewing then , namely , that the papers in his possession justify the Irish government , he is bound to produce the correspondence . For my part , I know of nothing that could justify any government , to use the words of my hon . and able friend ( Mr Ward ) in rummaging into the statutes of the Irish parliament , for an act , conceived in the darkest bigotry—an act hatched in the revengeful disposition of those whose intolerance constituted their only pretension to power—a pretension such as that which has recommended those persons who now fill the offices of state and government . But then the right hon . gent . assures us that this harsh and restrictive act will be exercised mildly . How , mildly ? If executed at all , it must he rigorous . The law commands you