two cases be thought to resemble . A nobleman whose heart beat so high with honourable feeling as that of the noble lord , could hardly think , because in a case of a periodical publication , he ( the Attorney-General ) had been called on in the discharge of his duty to make the observations which he had made , that , therefore , it was fair to bring the two cases under comparison . Sure he was , that there was no man sitting in that House , and possessed of a liberal sentiment , who would perceive any likeness between them . Another circumstance of alledged hardship had been much dwelt on and forcibly 572 pressed by the noble lord . The noble lord had slated that these criminal informations were made peculiarly the engines of oppression , because no time which might elapse after the filing of the information could prevent the institution of such a prosecution , and , therefore , that , whenever a libel had been published , it was always open to the Attorney-General to prosecute the offender at how considerable a period soever after the commission of the offence . Now he would ask whether there was a single member in that House , who , on the noble lord 's making this statement , did not believe that criminal informations had been in the manner described , filed for state libels ? Was the observation intelligible , unless it was intended to imply , that after a lapse of time , he ( the Attorney-General ) had oppressively exercised the power entrusted to him for the prosecution of offenders ? The House would scarcely credit the statement of the fact therefore , that after a term had elapsed from the publication of a libel , in no single instance bad an information been filed by him against an offender of that description ! Offenders of other descriptions he might have prosecuted , at periods more distant from the commission of the offence ; but , with respect to the kind of offences alluded to by the noble lord , he had never allowed a longer time to intervene between the discovery of the offence and the filing of the information than what was required for the necessary legal preparation . Let the noble lord bring a direct charge on this subject , and he pledged himself to meet it ; —nay more , to shew to the satisfaction of that House and of the country , that if he had been guilty of any breach of duty in the execution of his office , it was on the side of lenience and not in the exercise of oppression . Another of the accusations made by the noble lord applied rather to the general administration of the law on the subject than to the execution of the duties of his particular office . The noble lord asserted that , the defendant in a criminal information for a libel had not the privilege of praying a tales . But if he had the power of praying a tales , the prosecutor would as in other cases always be enabled to withdraw the record ; and thus the same effect would be produced . The noble lord had thought proper to descant very largely on the nature of special juries . He had as serted that special jurors were selected 573 by an officer of the crown—that they made interest to serve—that their service was lucrative , and that they would take care not to return a verdict unpalatable to the crown , lest they should offend the officer who selected , and be rejected by him on subsequent occasions . The noble lord however had stated all this without an accurate knowledge of the fact . The 'officer to whom he alluded was no more under the controul of the crown than the judges were . Would not the House suppose from the statement of the noble lord , that this officer was removable at the pleasure of the crown , and that he would therefore act under the apprehension of displeasing