. The public were losers certainly by the gain of the bank ; hut still it was not to that corporation , which had as much right as any banking house to attend to its interests , that he imputed the blame . It was to the government and even to parliament itself that the censure was particularly due . He would ask their lordships how these six millions of Exchequer Bills granted for the relief of the merchants and manufacturers would operate upon the public ? For himself he was of opinion that it would operate in the way of increasing the paper currency , and also by adding to the existing amount of fictitious capital , and thus in both ways it would be found equally injurious from the effect it must have in depreciating the circulating medium . Thus then one of the great evils , which gave birth to this application , would be considerably aggravated ; for it was provided by a particular clause in the Bill , that the Exchequer Bills to be issued , should pass into the hands of the bank , which would cause a correspondent issue of bank paper , and enable new speculators to adventure still more upon such fictitious capital . It was his must decided opinion that parliament ought to look the difficulties of the country boldly in the face , and not content themselves with the adoption of partial or palliating measures , as if these difficulties and distresses were likely to be of a short and temporary duration . The war in which the nation was engaged would not probably soon be terminated ; nor were the ports of Europe likely to be speedily opened to the commerce of this country . Would it not then have been infinitely better to regard the existing evil in us true light—to look the situation of the country manfully in the face—to resort to such measures as would afford some fair prospect of remedying the evil con-fessedly existing , rather than to content themselves with the adoption of half measures , in the doubtful and desperate hope , that they may alleviate for the moment 538 the severity of the mischief . His lordship then proceeded to comment upon the impolicy of the orders in council , which he reprobated in strong terms ; as by their opera ion neutrals were prevented from importing into the ports of the continent the manufactures and produce of this country and its colonies , and concluded by declaring his decided opposition to the Bill . replied to the arguments of the noble lord who had just sat down . He observed , that if the present distress of the commercial world arose from the causes assigned by that noble baron , it was rather extraordinary that it was only a particular class of the mercantile community , that had experienced embarrassment . If the noble baron 's opinion were correct , it was not any particular class , but the whole commercial body , that would have been affected . In ordinary times the established principles of trade and commerce should be inviolably observed , and any evils which might happen to arise , should be left to correct themselves in the regular routine of commercial enterprises . But there were moments of extraordinary and unnatural pressure , when it would not only be wise , but must be indispensible to depart from those general principles ; when a feeling of humanity , no less than a regard to public interest , called for and authorised the grant of public assistance to the unfortunate sufferers , but most particularly when their embarrassments and distresses may have arisen out of the extraordinary circumstances of the times and the unavoidable difficulties of the country , brought on as they had been by the unparalleled injustice and monstrous measures of an unprincipled enemy . rose to submit to the consideration of the House , the motion of which he had given notice . spoke to order . He was the last man in the House who would rise to oppose the motion for giving