the hon . gent . who had just sat down , it was impossible to remain quite silent . It was rather an odd charge to make against the hon . baronet , to say , that he was so fond of solitude himself , it was no wonder that he should congratulate another upon being so ; but the hon . gent . should have recollected , that one and one make two , and that if they both agreed , they were neither of them likely to be solitary . He confessed that the explanation of the learned Judge , as far as his information on such subjects enabled him to decide , was satisfactory ; but the hon . baronet had done much good to the country and the navy , and should not confess that he was wrong if he did not feel it nor offer praise where he did not believe it to be due . He held that the hon . gent . had taken a false view of what had fallen from the hon . baronet . said , he held that the hon . gent . had taken a false view of what had fallen from him : he had charged him with having applied epithets to the hon . baronet , which he applied only to the course which the hon . bart , recommended . said , he hoped the explanation given would be satisfactory to the country , but it was not so to him ; for no explanation could be satisfactory in accounting for a delay of twelve years . If he had suffered the case to pass unnoticed , he should have been guilty of neglecting his duty . then moved , that a sum not exceeding 482,025l . be granted for the ex-pences of the Barrack Department for the year 1811. wished to know from the hon . gent . what sum would be necessary 492 to carry certain parts of the barrack works into effect ? The estimate stated that a sum of 100,000l . would be required for the Life Guards barracks . replied , that the whole sum necessary for those particular barracks would be 131,000l . Among the other items there were 12,000l . for the erection of depots for the French prisoners/of whom there were a great increase . There was also a sum of 54,000l . included in the estimate for the Isle of Wight barracks , and a sum of about 25,000l . for the islands of Jersey and Guernsey . He was not particularly informed as to some of the other items , but would obtain information in the course of the evening . hoped the hon . gent . would not come unprepared with his information when the Report was brought up . He noticed one of the items respecting the barracks at Winchester , in which a sum of 15,000l . was staled as requisite for completing those barracks . He had procured from the barrack office an estimate of the expence , and he found that the original demand was 64,800l . of which 57,800l . had been paid , consequently only 7,000l . was wanting . He therefore must again repeat , that the hon . gent . had so little information to give , and the public were so much burthened with the expences for barracks , that he hoped and expected he would be in a situation to give the most satisfactory information upon the bringing up of the Report . noticing the warmth which his hon . friend had betrayed , when requiring satisfactory information , conceived that the anger and passion which he had exercised towards his hon . friend ( Mr. Wharton ) was not called for . He assured his hon . friend that every attention to economy , and to the curtailing of expences , in the barrack department , was paid by the head of it ( Mr. Osborne Markham ) , at the same time , his hon . friend might perhaps find , that he had not been so accurately informed as he seemed