arose from his confidence in numbers , but the right hon . gent . who so strongly condemned the Report , should have objected to the appointment of the Committee , who had only obeyed the orders of the House in probing the matter to the bottom . The right hon . gent . seem ed to think that when this House had got rid of the Report , no matter how , public opinion would be perfectly settled . He questioned much whether the mere authority of the House would have the effect of setting the question at rest . He must however , do the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the justice to say , that he had not supported his right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) in his attack on the hon . chairman of the Bullion Committee . But he was quite as sanguine in his anticipations of success , and appeared to be elated at the prospect of this tremendous discussion , and a glorious victory on the 29th of April . The right hon . gent . had certainly not been inactive in circulating his own opinions on the subject , or in his endeavours to counteract the impression which the Report of the Committee might have made . Before he sat down he could not avoid saying , that the House and the country were greatly indebted to his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Horner ) for the unremitting attention he had paid to a subject which , in its importance to the interests of this country , exceeded any which his parliamentary experience brought to his recollection . observed , that if the principle assumed in the Report of the Bullion Committee , namely , that the depreciation of our currency must be tried by the relative value of gold and silver , 730 was just , it was manifest that a depreciation had taken place , and this depreciation could only arise from an excess in the issues of the Bank . The directors had , however , denied the possibility of any such excess , because their advances were made only on good bills or sufficient mercantile securities . This was the opinion on which those gentlemen contended , that there could not be any excess in the circulation of their notes , so long as they adhered to this regulation . It was therefore necessary , he conceived , under these circumstances , that the House should be furnished with an account of the actual amount of the Discounts of the Bank , in order fairly to try the justness of their own principle . It was most important that the great principle by which the affairs of such a corporation as the Bank of England were conducted should be thoroughly examined . If the history of all the Banks of discount of which he had heard , shewed that they had all occasionally carried their discounts too far , and that this was the great danger to which such establishments were exposed , even when under the obligation of paying in specie , it was surely justifiable in him to assume the possibility of the Bank of England having fallen into the sane error , under the circumstances of diminished restraint and increased temptation . If this was possible , it became the House to ascertain whether this was or was not the case . He wished to avoid entering into the general question ; and confine himself to the laying a ground for the production of the paper he should move for . It was well known that there had lately been what was termed overtrading , to a very great extent , and that among the variety of recent commercial speculations many had failed , and had thereby occasioned much individual calamity . It was generally believed , that many of those speculations originated in the great facilities of discount at the Bank . There had been numerous instances of men rising into sudden affluence and splendour , and falling back into bankruptcy and distress . This was a departure from the