and then to ascertain whether greater facilities might not be afforded , in order to expedite the business in the other court . When the hon . gentleman talked of providing some remedy for the grievances , he conceived that without abandoning that duty which most certainly belonged to this House in point of redressing the griev- 266 ances of the subject , it would not be too much to say , that that justice would not be delayed in the quarter where at present it was under consideration . It was of no use , under these circumstances , for the House to adopt the motion of the hon . gent . and he was sure that no person would be more ready to admit than the hon . gent . that the subject was one which involved much of intricacy , and required great consideration . The public , feeling that the fact was so , would not be inclined to find fault with parliament for taking time , before they instituted any measure for the purpose of remedying the evil complained of . The measure to remedy the evil must be of a legislative nature , and originate of course in parliament . Whatever was done in this respect , whether as to the erection of new courts of judicature , or in any other shape , must have the sanction of the legislature . The hon . gentleman would not accuse him of great delay , when a Committee had already been appointed , who were about to make that inquiry which he wished . Delay of justice was a cause of complaint , but from the very nature of many of the cases , the necessity for that delay was apparent , and whatever number of judges might be appointed they could not remedy the grievance . There was great delay in cases of equity , in getting the parties before the court , on the merits or demerits of the case , and various other causes , before the judge could make up his mind to decide . The question was certainly of the greatest importance , but he was convinced it would be most advisable to wait to see what the Lords ' Committee would do . wished to state his opinion upon the question , an opinion which he had formed four years ago when the bill was before parliament respecting the Scotch Courts . He did not agree either with the right hon . gentleman , or his hon . friend . ' I he grievance of delay was very manifest ; the delay in cases of appeal which came from Scotland , was more seriously felt than in this kingdom . With respect to the cases in the court of Chancery , he agreed with his hon . friend , that the noble lord evinced great anxiety to do justice to all parties , in administering the duties of that court ; but it was certainly true that dilatoriness had arisen to a great height , and this without imputing blame to any one officer of the court . It was not so in the common courts of judicature ; 267 there more of dispatch took place in less time , and it was so from the very nature of the courts . In regard to cases of appeal , much remained yet to he done before even justice could be administered . Not agreeing , however , with the right hon . gentleman , and wishing that this House should not appear to abandon the duty cast upon it , and having a concurrent duty to perform with the other House , he should conceive that the best way to decide would be by adjourning the debate for three weeks , that in the event of the decision of the other Committee not being satisfactory , the business might be resumed in this House . The hon . and learned gent , moved , `` That the debate be adjourned for three weeks . '' vindicated the Lord Chancellor from what he thought a stigma cast upon him by