, considering the probable date of the returns of trade from South America , a greater interval should be given for re-payment than was allowed in 1793 , the committee being of opinion , that the time for payment of the first quarter 's instalment , should not be earlier than the middle of January next , and that the remainder of the sum advanced should be required to be repaid by three equal payments , from three months to three months , so that the whole should be discharged in nine months from the payment of such first instalment . 7th March , 1811. rose to bring forward his motion respecting the cases of Suitors in the other House of Parliament , and in the Court of Chancery . The hon . gent , regretted that he should be compelled to resort to the painful necessity of calling the most serious attention of the House to the situation of appellants in the highest court of judicature in the kingdom , and to the cases of suitors in the high court of Chancery . He had thought that after the assurance which he received during the last session from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that something would be done to redress the grievances of which suitors complained , that he should have been spared the trouble of intruding himself again on the notice of the House . As yet , however , notwithstanding the promise given , nothing had been done—at least no active measure had been taker . It was true that a motion had been made in the House of Lords , and a committee appointed to inquire into these cases . [ Here the Speaker interrupted the hon . gent . by reminding him that he was not strictly in order in making references to the proceedings in the other House of Parliament . ] Mr. M. A. Taylor proceeded , and admitted that he was not in order , observing , however , that in alluding to those proceedings , he spoke of the House of Lords as an appellant jurisdiction . In the House of Lords then a motion had been made— 261 [ The Speaker again , to order , requested the hon . gent . would abstain from making allusions to those proceedings , because this House had no distinct knowledge of them . ] Mr. M. A. Taylor then declared , that though a committee for investigating the state of Appeals had , in another place , been appointed , yet he should not be deterred from offering to the House his opinions as to the line of duty which ought to be pursued . When it was made known to the House that great abuses did exist , not from the conduct of the judges , for that he was happy to say was far above suspicion , but from the delay of justice occasioned by the vast number of suitors which came before the court , it surely would not be denied , that in appealing to the justice of this House to render to the subjects of the realm what they had the right of claiming , he did no more than an act of duty . What he desired the House was , to appoint a committee to inquire into the state of Appeals , by searching the Lords ' Journals ; meaning to follow that motion up by another which might be attended with advantageous effects to the suitors . He trusted it would not be imputed to him that he came forward arrogantly with idle plans of innovation . All he desired for the subject was justice , as my lord Coke very constitutionally had said— '' Let the suitors in court be heard fully without denial , and have justice speedily without delay . '' That was what he now asked . To shew that some alteration in the mode of administering justice in the courts of equity was now requisite , he need only state the information which he had received . This information , which might not be