declaration of them . There was one consideration independent of general impulse , which , however , induced him to trouble the House . This was the advantage alluded to in the latter part of his right hon . friend 's speech , which this country must derive from a just contemplation of its situation , as well as of the means by which it had been brought into that situation , and of the benefits that were likely to result from it . One of the main consequences of that situation was , that , in deciding upon the question then under their consideration , they were relieved from all the difficulties which usually attended such votes . Engaged as the country was in a contest of such ' magnitude and extent , it seldom happened that unanimity was to be expected—that the merits of the service to be remunerated appeared to all persons in the same light—or that it was felt unnecessary , more or less , to compare the means with the end—the exertion with the effect . Whenever upon any occasion a failure unfortunately took place , every particular was uniformly inquired into , every action examined , every measure weighed , every probability canvassed , and the absolute necessity of failure finally and clearly demonstrated . All this usually took place after the result was known , and when the test of experience removed every difficulty of judgment , and the event itself furnished , the means of an unerring decision upon the measures which may have been resorted to . Whenever , on the contrary , success was brought-under the consideration , of parliament , the debate was gent-rally ushered in by deprecating , all discus-ions of the events or measures which may have preceded the particular service to which the attention of parliament may be called , and by insulating the object , to which the Vote of Thanks called for applied ; whilst those even who acquiesced in the vote , felt it necessary to keep out of sight every thing which might have preceded the particular service . This was quite a natural practice . There were many actions which , whatever may have been the character of the system of measures that led to them , could best be made a subject of discussion upon the splendour of their own intrinsic merits . But was the question then under consideration the case of insulated action in a series of operations , or even of a single campaign of a war brilliantly terminated ! Notwithstanding all that his right hon . friend had said , of forbearance as to the introduction of other topics into the discussion , he must be permitted to say , that this was not the case of a single signal action , or of an isolated or occasional acquisition of glory : it was , he should contend , the fruit of two years exertion—of the application , during that period , of an understanding of the first order , combined with military talents scarcely ever equalled in history , to a state of difficulty unparalleled , and crowned with exemplary success . He considered this state of things , therefore , which they were about to honour with their thanks , not as the consequence of one campaign , but as the result of the labour of two years . He looked upon lord Wellington , in the accomplishment of the success he had achieved , as the instrument in the hands of Providence for the deliverance of Portugal . But when contemplating the merits of lord Wellington 's services in Portugal , he could not look to the evacuation of that country by the French as a military act , without reference to the means by which that desirable event had been effected ; and while the end was so well deserving of the applause of that House , and the approbation of the country , he must contend , that the means employed for bringing it about were no less entitled to credit and commemoration . His right hon . friend had adverted