To the charge of my having come down to this House with statements of our trade which have afterwards turned out to be incorrect , my answer is , that I never made a statement except from actual accounts ; and that I never presumed to undertake that bur trade should continue in so flourishing a condition as we had experienced . I shall conclude this part of the subject by observing , that the hon . member has 836 alledged , that he has the authority of the great capitalists of the metropolis for his assertion , that the present relative value of bullion and of paper is owing to the excessive issue of bank-notes . This , if it were true , could not be opposed to undeviating experience ; but it will be seen , that all the witnesses selected by the Committtee as most eminent for character , intelligence , and fortune , were , with the exception of two , of an directly contrary opinion : one of these , however , though a most respectable man , has more of Continental than of British interests ; the other , sir Francis Baring , is entitled to all possible respect ; I shall , therefore , enter fully into the consideration of his evidence in a subsequent part of what I have to offer . I proceed now to enter on an examination of the Report ; in doing which , I must rely more on the indulgence of the Committee than I have ever had occasion to do in the course of my parliamentary life . The magnitude of the subject can alone make me hope to obtain their attention throughout the series of observations which I feel myself called on to make . I am the more anxious to obtain it , because the hon . member has hardly referred to the Report , though it is upon that , and not on his speech , however eloquent , that we are called to decide . It will be seen in the 2d page * of the Report , that the Committee , after dwelling on the high price of gold , make the following observation : `` So extraordinary a rise in the market price of gold in this country , coupled with so remarkable a depression of our exchanges with the Continent , very early , in the judgment of your Committee , pointed to something in the state of our own domestic currency as the cause of both appearances . But before they adopted that conclusion , which seemed agreeable to all former reasonings and experience , they thought it proper to enquire more particularly into the circumstances connected with each of those two facts ; and to hear from persons of commercial practice and detail , what explanations they had to offer of so unusual a state of things . '' In regard to the `` reasonings '' alluded to by the Committee , I can not know on what authority they rely ; but I am sure from facts which I shall adduce , that `` experience '' at least is most decidedly against them . Gentlemen are often apt * See Vol . 17 , App . p. cciv . 837 to set out with a firm assurance that their own side of a question is the right one ; and having once taken up an opinion , they collect and lay hold of whatever , favours it , while under the influence of that pre-conceived opinion they exclude every thing of a contrary tendency . Almost all writers on the intricate subject of the theory of money and exchange have differed widely from each other , and some of them from themselves ; This is the case with no less considerable a man than Mr. Hume , whose views of policy , and knowledge of the human mind are so distinguished , and who has attained even , in the department of political economy , the praise of discovery . He was ambitious of establishing a new theory , and accordingly , in one place he