he thought proper , have called the law advisers of the crown to his council , for the purpose of taking their opinion with regard to the legality or illegality of the proceedings of this Committee , but he did not do it , and for this simple reason , that he felt it to be his duty not to interfere with the Catholics , as long as they professed to be merely engaged in preparing their petition for parliament , and as long as their proceedings had not a tendency to inflame the public mind and endanger the peace of the country . So much for the Committee of 1809 . The Committee of 1810 , I am sorry to say , conducted itself in a very different way . It commenced much in the same manner , by a general meeting of the Catholics , by which the Committee of 1809 was re established , and the same resolutions were passed , as those which had been agreed to in the preceding year . An aggregate meeting afterwards assembled on the 2d of November . I fear that this detail may be tedious , but it is necessary to the elucidation of the subject , and I must request the attention of the House particularly to this part of it . The adjourned aggregate meeting , as I before stated , took place on the 2d of November ; 284 a great difference of opinion prevailed among those who attended it , with regard to the propriety of petitioning , and the debate was conducted with extreme violence . Several speeches were made on the occasion , of which I shall not say any thing ; but one argument was used by a Mr. Finnerty , a person formerly well known in Ireland , and who was then in that country for the purpose , as it was stated , of collecting affidavits for his defence on a charge of a libel upon a noble lord , which it may not be improper to notice ; The manner in which it was said the English nation was misled , with regard to Ireland , had been previously dwelt on with great heat , and much had been stated of the stupidity and vulgarity of the people of England . Mr. Peter Finnerty , in the course of a very long speech , defended the English nation from these charges . He observed , that the English people detested their government , and that it would be as great a libel to judge of the English nation by the principles of their government , as it would be to judge of the Irish people by theirs . He asked , what honest Irishman would endure to have his principles judged of by the principles of the Irish government ? After this , Mr. Finnerty proceeded to recommend a petition to parliament for Catholic Emancipation , a Petition for Parliamentary Reform , and a Petition for a Repeal of the Union ! All this would have been unimportant , but for what followed . The speech of Mr. Finnerty was received with the loudest applause , and he was rewarded by an unanimous vote of thanks of the aggregate meeting . I will not enter into a detail of the other speeches at this meeting , because my object is not to inflame , but to conciliate ; I will therefore state no more than is absolutely necessary for the justification of the conduct of the Irish government . This same meeting , after the vote of thanks to Mr. Finnerty , resolved that the Catholic Committee ( that Committee which had been appointed by the former aggregate meeting , for the sole purpose of framing the petition to parliament ) should have the sole management of the Catholic affairs . All this was perfectly well known at the Castle . But at the same time it was felt , that though it was extremely imprudent conduct , it yet . involved no danger to the state . The lord lieutenant , therefore , and those by whom he was