discounts of good bills , founded on real mercantile transactions , as the occasions of the public may appear to require ? `` —concludes a long answer by saying , `` It may prove dangerous to impose any positive restraint on the Bank by law or otherwise ; for cases may and wilt arise , when an excess will be proper , and that it would be culpable to withhold it . But if the House shall be disposed to entertain an opinion , and will pronounce it distinctly , I think the Bank may be left ' with full power to act under their responsibility . '' Mr. Trotter . `` Q . Suppose the issues of the Bank of England to be diminished one-half , what effect would that produce upon the general confidence and credit of the country ? —A . It would be very injurious ; and it would be very difficult , if not impossible , to conduct the affairs of the metropolis , if the large notes were to be diminished in that proportion . `` Q . Would that effect take place , supposing the diminished quantity of Banknotes were supplied by a corresponding-quantity of gold ? —A . I suppose in a very considerable degree it would , because the large payments in business have not heretofore been made in gold . '' Mr. Harman . `` Q . Do you conceive that the diminution of the paper of the Bank would , either immediately or remotely , tend to an improvement of the exchange ? —A . None whatever . '' I here close my observations on the Report , in the length of which , I am conscious of having trespassed a good deal on the patience of the House , especially in referring to the evidence before the Bullion Committee . The excuse which I humbly submit for this is , that it is on the Report we are called to decide , and not on the speech of the learned gent . who opened this debate , however eloquent and able I admit that to have been . If I have 881 succeeded in proving incontrovertibly that there are inaccuracies and errors throughout that performance , such as never occurred in any Report deliberately made to this House ; and that the opinions therein contained are not supported by the evidence of gentlemen who were selected as witnesses , I trust this Committee will not come to the conclusion proposed by the learned gentleman . Deeply sensible of the indulgence I have experienced in the comments I have felt it my duty to make on the Report , I still hope for an extension of it , while I make some farther observations on this very important subject . A publication of an hon . friend of mine below me , who was a member of the Committee , may be considered as an exposition of the Report , or as a supplement to it , and therefore to come naturally under our consideration in this discussion . Of the motives of my hon . friend in that publication no man can entertain a doubt , because he could not possibly be influenced by a bad one ; few men can have stronger incentives to promote the public interest than himself ; —his talents , his experience , the public situations he has already filled , and his time of life , all contribute to afford him a prospect of being again eminently useful in a situation of trust and confidence . In thus acquitting him of any possible ill intention , which , undoubtedly , the most malignant mind could not successfully impute to him , I can not avoid observing , that his publication appears to me to have a greater tendency to degrade the national character , and to be injurious to the public interest , than almost any one I recollect to have read ; because the sentiments and opinions expressed in it derive great weight from the character of the author , and from his experience acquired in official situations . My hon