blame of those inconveniences which are inherent in the nature of the subject referred to their inquiry . However much I may dislike the unpleasant truths which are told in the Report , I do not think myself warranted to transfer that dislike to those whose duty it has been to tell them . The Committee , then , I say , have only `` lone their duty . Nor can we avoid the performance of the duty which now devolves upon ourselves . Distasteful as the matter may be , it is before us , and we must dispose of it . I do not share in the apprehensions of those persons who predict danger and mischief from this discussion . I have seldom known an instance in which mote good than evil has not arisen out of the parliamentary discussion of subjects , however delicate , upon which the public mind had been previously agitated and divided . As little do I agree with those who think that the discussion must necessarily be barren and useless . Even if it should not terminate ( as probably it may not ) in the adoption of the practical remedy suggested by the Committee , or in the suggestion of any other in its room , I do not think that the time and the trouble of the House will therefore have been entirely thrown away . The discussion which has already taken place out of doors , renders some decision of this House necessary . In the course of that discussion , the fundamental principles of our whole money system have been disputed and denied ; —all that had long been considered as fixed and determinate in them , has been shaken , or at least attempted to be shaken : —a mischief more serious than even that which the Committee has proposed to cure ; and one to which a cure may be ( and ought to be ) administered by the Resolutions of this House , whatever may become of the practical recommendation of the Committee . Nor is it only out of doors , that these fundamental principles have been questioned . The right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Vanaittart , ) a gentleman for whom personally I entertain the sincerest respect as well as regard ; and whose just reputation for knowledge upon these subjects , entitles his opinions upon them to very peculiar attention , has countenanced by himself adopting it , a mode of reasoning , which has been much employed in 1080 the written controversy , but which I had hoped no man in this House , and least of all any man of such extensive information , and such high authority , would have been found to endure , much less to sanction . He has rejected altogether the established doctrine of a fixed standard of the currency of the realm ; and , instead of trying the disputed value of our present circulating medium by reference so that which has always hitherto been taken as the settled measure in all such inquiries , he has thought himself at liberty to bend and accommodate the fundamental principles of our money system to the state of our currency , such as he happens to find it . Others who have supported the right hon . gentleman 's Propositions have carried this licence still farther . They have not only considered the principles of all our coinage laws , so far as they relate to the value of our money , as inapplicable to the present state of our currency , but as altogether obsolete . They appear to look upon the law by which Bank paper is made inconvertible into cash , not as an occasional law , growing out of a temporary necessity , and determinable with that necessity , but as a wise and provident contrivance to substitute , absolutely and indefinitely , for the ancient coin of the kingdom , a currency better adapted , in their opinion , to the present state of the world , and to the peculiar exigencies of this country .