be cautiously resorted to , and deliberately fixed for such a period as would allow full time to all the feelings and interests connected with this great national question to accommodate themselves to the prospective restoration of the old system of currency . By the existing act , it is provided that the restriction shall cease six months after the conclusion of a definitive treaty of peace . This provision appears to me too indefinite in one view , and too severe in another . To put off the repeal to the uncertain period of six months after the termination of a war , the termination of which no man can possibly foresee , must render the Bank careless of making the necessary arrangements for the resumption of cash payments in time , and if a peace ' should happen to take place within six months from this period , it would be oppressive to call upon the Bank upon so short a notice to pay in specie . Anxious undoubtedly as I am that the restriction should cease , I am still no less anxious that it shall cease in a manner most beneficial to the community as well as least injurious to the interests of the Bank . And here , I have no hesitation to say that , upon the fullest and most mature consideration , it is my firm and decided opinion , that even during a period of war , and particularly during the present war , there exists no solid ground for continuing the restriction , and that , therefore , it is 829 the imperious duty of parliament to repeal that measure under the qualifications which I have before stated . In the present state of the world we have to look to a protracted period of war . We have to contemplate in the course of such a prolonged , contest , the continuance of a very considerable foreign expenditure . When the Committee reflect upon the melancholy fact , that we suffer a loss of nearly one fourth of all the sums expended in foreign service , they will agree with me as to the propriety of adopting such measures as may restore the exchanges to par , and consequently save to the nation all that in the present state of our currency is lost by the unfavourable balance against us . Without the adoption of such measures , the country can not maintain for any time such an extent of foreign expenditure as may be necessary to maintain its former high and mighty character amongst the nations of the continent , and to enable it to aspire , perhaps , to the future deliverance of Europe . I hope and trust , I shall not hear argued in any quarter that the depreciation of the currency is productive of a positive advantage to the public , as it enables the government to discharge the national debt at a reduced rate I trust , that a declaration so contrary to every principle of public honour , of national faith , and parliamentary virtue , which it has hitherto been the pride and the boast of Great Britain to cultivate and maintain , will not be made on this occasion , I am far from imputing any such intention to the right hon . gentlemen opposite : because I am convinced that , if it can enter into any man 's heart to conceive , that man must be a weak and short-sighted calculator . Such a man must forget , that although the public might gain something in the payment of the interest of the debt already contracted , it must lose equally if not more upon the loans which are yearly accumulating . But , it is not public justice alone , that calls upon parliament to arrest and remedy the depreciation of the circulating medium ; we are bound by a regard to the degree of private suffering it produces throughout all classes of the community . This consideration must come so directly and forcibly home to the feelings and consciences of every member of the Committee , that