of last session went to do this , and therefore should be repealed . said , that this was a case of public interest , of honest public interest ; and there were several petitions on the table against the proposed Bill , which involved considerations much more extended than seemed to be supposed . What was the object of this Bill ? To restore double tolls , and to limit the number of outside passengers to three . This would be a measure seriously affecting the interest of individuals , and checking the progress of improvement . In every view of the subject , he thought it should go to a Committee above stairs , where they could ascertain the state of the tolls before the last session , and know what loss the proprietors had sustained by the act , for which they could receive compensation . said , he should only trouble the House with a few words upon this subject , which appeared to him to he in the smallest compass.—With regard to the act which passed last session he assured the House , and he took shame to himself while he made the confession ; that he never heard of it during its passage through the House . Whether the hon . gent . who brought it in had given notice of it or not , he did not know , but certainly he had never heard of it till it passed . The facts of the case he understood to be , that an act had been passed , upon the suggestion of lord Kilwarden and Mr. Wolfe , for continuing and extending the act of the 33d . of the King , vesting the tolls upon the road between Limerick and Naas , and Dublin and Kilcullen , in certain persons for 50 years , on certain conditions . It had been found that great difficulties arose in keeping these roads in repair , and a considerable debt had been incurred ; when certain gentlemen came forward , and offered to put the roads in repair , and to keep them so , and to take upon themselves the whole of the debt which had been incurred ; provided the tolls and regulations then existing were continued for the term of 50 years . This act remained in force till last session , when an hon . gent . behind him brought in a bill to repeal it , and to deprive the per-sons alluded to of the rights which had been vested in them by the legislature . This , he believed , was the first instance that ever occurred where parliament had deprived individuals of a vested right , without entering into some negotiation with them , and determining what compensation they should receive . His right hon . friend opposite had recommended that they should go into a Committee , in order to ascertain what loss these individuals had sustained , but that was a measure that ought to have been adopted last session , before the vested rights of the individuals were taken away . If he had been aware last session of the Bill which was brought in , he should have said , if it is necessary that the existing act should be repealed , let it be repealed ; but , in the first instance , you must make a compensation to those whose rights you are going to destroy . The rights which had been vested in these individuals were granted under such stipulations as rendered it impossible for them to do any in justice to the country : they were not only compelled to keep the roads in repair , and to take upon themselves all the existing debts , but they were bound in a penalty of 20,000l . to be recovered by a summary process in chancery , to make good their payments within a certain period . The gentleman , whose name was mentioned in the act ( and who had not the same interest now that he had when the act passed , for he then had an interest in