fact . The arrears were so far reduced that at present not more than twenty-five causes were in the court , which was , properly speaking , no arrear at all . The grievances which he stated neutrals to labour under no longer exist , and directly the reverse was the fact . In attempting , therefore , to reform a Court that had had the vigour to wipe away so great an arrear , they might alter , but could hardly amend it . It seemed rather strange to him that the hon . gent . should think 490 this accusation honourable to the gallant admiral , and that it was prima facie requisite . Perhaps it would have looked as well had the gallant admiral made some previous inquiry before . bringing such a charge ; however , what astonished him was , that after all the explanation which was given , and certainly most satisfactory explanation to the mind of every man who heard it , the gallant admiral should still repeat his charge , and complain of an abusive delay . He expected from that gallant admiral that , after hearing that explanation , he would express his conviction and his regret at having made the charge , not so much on account of his right hon . friend , whose character could not be affected by it , but for the sake of 140,000 men , on whose minds the most dangerous impressions might be produced by it , and who ought to be the objects of all the attention and all the consideration of the country which they serve . said , that they had heard from the Treasurer of the Navy of the existence of abuses , for the detection of which that gentleman doubtless very deservedly took credit . Whatever might be due to the Treasurer of the Navy and to the right hon . Judge for the measures of reform introduced by them , be had no doubt that much also was due to the gallant admiral who on former occasions had frequently brought these subjects before the House . It would not be easy perhaps to persuade gentlemen of the learned professions , and particularly the learned master in chancery , of the evils of delay . Though these gentlemen might panegyrize one another , as was quite common on occasions like the present , though the commendation might be deserved , this was altogether beside the question . What was it to the gentlemen of the navy or seamen , that the Judge of the Admiralty was possessed of so great ability , and was so free from blame , when they were , notwithstanding , oppressed with a ruinous delay . For the delay of 12 years perhaps nobody was to blame , and the hon . bart . imputed no blame to any one . The country was , however , greatly indebted to persons who like the hon . bart . exposed themselves to obloquy by bringing forward grievances . Whether these grievances were real or imaginary , it was generally seen that some amelioration was the result of the inquiry , whoever might afterwards take credit for : that amelioration . The right hon . gent . and the Treasurer of the Navy were there- 491 fore , in his opinion , much indebted to the gallant admiral , who brought forward from time to time these charges ; and in his opinion he ought not to have been the subject of so much hostile animadversion . agreed that it would produce benefits , but of a very different nature from those alluded to by the hon . baronet . The charge had been brought forward , and refuted to the satisfaction of almost every one in the House ; and it was not surprising that the hon . baronet , who prided himself so much on standing alone , should felicitate the gallant admiral upon his singularity also . He insisted that the delay was occasioned by the officers and sailors of the navy . said , that alter the tone and manner of