scarcely necessary for him to inform their lordships , that the bill , to which he alluded as having been formerly opposed by the noble lord , was an act made within the last four years , giving the Attorney-General power to hold persons to bail , against whom Informations Ex Officio had been filed . On receiving notice of the noble lord 's present motion , he was curious to know how often this bill had been acted on . He inspected the necessary documents accordingly . And now he would ask their lordships how often did they think this bill had been acted upon since its enactment ? but once in the whole four years ; there was but one solitary instance of its being acted upon—and he would tell their lordships in what case that was—the case of a man , one Gorman , who , being under prosecution for a libel , after an information had been filed against him , had the hardihood to publish it again . And yet this was the mighty abuse of that act ; this , forsooth , was one of the ruinous stretches of power which threatened the government with subversion , and put the subjects of George the third on a par with those of Buonaparté ! He knew nothing more to be deprecated in that House than violent and vague declamations , resting upon no grounds ( hear ! hear ! from lord Holland . ) He was aware to what he subjected himself by what had fallen from him . The noble lord might call all that he had said a mere tirade ; but in all that : he had said , did he not bottom himself on facts . ( Hear ! hear ! from lord Holland . ) The cries of the noble lord could not convince 152 him that he had not . He was used to tumults and alarms—they never yet could put him down . Were he to die the next instant , he never would yield for one moment to tumult . The noble lord , if not towards him ( Lord E. ) , might at least in courtesy towards the House , have adopted a different tone of exclamation . He repeated that he knew nothing more mischievous in its tendency than inoculating the public mind with groundless apprehensions of imaginary evils . Where there has appeared to him any instances of going beyond the limits of a wise discretion , it had never passed unbranded by him . His abhorrence of the licentiousness of the press was founded upon his love of liberty , which burned as strong in his breast as in that of the noble lord . If there was one mode more efficacious than another to ruin the liberty of the country , it was by generating that groundless distrust in the great officers of justice , which such needless and vexatious jealousy was calculated to inspire . claimed of their lordships ' justice , their attention for one moment . He appealed to their recollection , both as to what had been said by him , and as to the manner in which it had been attempted to be answered . He would not say , merely , that the learned lord had not stated the facts , but that he had stated what was directly contrary to the facts ; the learned lord had charged him with denying the legality of Ex Officio Informations . He had not only not denied their legality , but had avowed his conviction of their legality . When the learned lord complained of want of courtesy , he should himself have shewn more courtesy to the recollection of the House ( here lord Ellen-borough motioned to rise . ) The learned lord who had been so long in the habit of enforcing the laws elsewhere , ought to be , at least , so far skilled in the laws and orders of that House , as to know that no noble lord had a right to interrupt another while in the act of explanation .