, the case of the year 1793 was as dissimilar from the present as could be in almost every respect . Then there was a fall , not on one commodity ; but on every one . There was a rise in the value of money , and a fall on every other commodity whatever . It equally affected every person too , and was of short duration . There was then no want of market , there was no glut or stagnation of trade ; but there was a want of individual confidence . Then there was a diminution of the circulating medium . Was that so now ? Then the issues by the Bank of England were 14 millions , now they exceeded 23 millions . He wished gentlemen to consider the essential difference in the state of things 339 then and at the present moment . Now there was a demand in the country for good paper ; and the Rank of England , so far from confining its discounts , has , in consequence of the want of good bills to discount , been purchasing largely of government securities . He wished the present Report had been more explicit . The House , he observed , would recollect that in the year 1793 , several gentlemen of the first character , members of that House , had been examined before the Committee , and stated that houses of known respectability could not , at that period , get money on good bills . At that time not one considerable house failed . He remembered well that there was hardly one house of those which stopped payment which did not afterwards pay in full , possessing more than the amount of all the claims made on the concern . The witnesses examined even had stated the manufacturers who had capitals to be the persons who felt the greatest distress . Under all the circumstances , the question then was , if the remedy resorted to in 1793 ought to be resorted to when the situation of things was different ? The present Report , on the contrary , now went , as it were , to countenance the idea that there were manufacturers at present who had no capital at all . It staled , that such merchants could not obtain credit ; as if it was to be considered a strange thing that there should be a want of credit where a merchant was not solvent . This was the difference between the Report in 1793 , and that now before the House . He would not on this occasion anticipate what might be said on the subject—but he hoped that on some other occasion the House would not fail to discuss and inquire into this evil . The commercial and manufacturing classes were then straitened for want of a circulating medium ; but were they so in this instance ? At the present moment there was no deficiency of circulating medium , and if securities were unexceptionable they would not now he refused . There was not at present any want of facilities , but want of confidence . Let it be considered , that in the present state of matters the Bank of England , or any persons who advanced money , were partners in every speculation , to the extent of five per cent , without risk . Under these circumstances could it be surprising that there should be great readiness to give credit , and that it should be too greatly extended ? In his opinion the great evil arose from too great 340 a facility of procuring credit . And here , without any thing injurious or offensive to the Very respectable individuals concerned , he could not help adverting to the sad catastrophe which had recently occurred in the city ( the death of Mr. Goldsmid ) to one of the contractors for the late loan , as a consequence of the facility of speculations to a large amount , beyond the means of the parties , and an illustration of his argument . Did gentlemen not see that the