of the Communication made by her Majesty 's Council to the President of the Privy Council , respecting the state of his Majesty 's health . '' said , that though it was not his intention to oppose the motion made by the hon . gent , yet he could not help thinking that it would have been more decent to have given some short time for previous consideration on the subject . However , he should not now make any opposition , for fear of any misconstruction of his motives , and because he did not apprehend any inconvenience would arise from this communication being made a day earlier than it might otherwise have been . replied , that when the right hon . gent , made his new arrangement relative to Notices and Orders of the Day , several members had distinctly Stated to him that they would not feel themselves bound at all '' times to give a previous notice . As the right hon . gent , himself did not object , and as this motion would not interfere with any particular business expected to be the subject of discussion this evening , he thought he could not have chosen a fairer occasion to assert his privilege . But he wished it to be clearly understood , that without disrespect to the House or any individual , he considered himself at liberty to move without notice on any day , and on any occasion whatever . rose , to call the attention of the House to a subject in which the country was at present very much interested . He did so on this occasion for two reasons . In the first place , he considered it as a great and important privilege of a member of Parliament , at the time the Supplies were voted , to enter upon and discuss any measure or circumstance connected with the state of the country . It was of the greatest consequence that this privilege , founded in practice and no less in the fundamental principles of the constitution , should be frequently exercised , and never permitted to fall into disuse . It was the more necessary now , since the business of the House had been cramped by the new Regulation with regard to Notices , The importance of the subject itself , to which he alluded , was another , reason for taking 739 the first opportunity to call the attention of the House to it . Every one knew how difficult it was at present to procure small specie for the common transactions of life . Not only bankers and tradesmen , but every gentleman must have experienced this difficulty . It . was not only felt with the utmost severity in the metropolis , but also in the country . He had lately received a letter from a person in the vicinity of the place where he lived , who went to a fair in the neighbourhood to settle some small bills . He had occasion to pass through a town in which there was a bank , but was not able to get change for a one pound note . He went all over the fair to get change , but with out success ; and at last he was enabled to settle only a small bill of twelve shillings and six-pence , with one who gave him the difference in silver , stating that this was all the change he had . The people at the fair found it almost impossible to sell or purchase goods , owing to the want of silver ; and it was not unusual to see three , four , or five persons clubbing together to buy some things for which they had occasion , in order to bring up the amount to a one pound note . He could not but regard this want of silver as a severe calamity ; and he mentioned it with a view to draw the attention of gentlemen to it , that they might turn it in their minds , and endeavour to devise a remedy . This was