the importers of corn , and occasionally to have happened with contraband dealers in other articles . But the regular and principal demand of bullion for exportation , arises from its being a more advantageous mode of remittance than bills , when the exchange is unfavourable . As soon as this is the case , gold bullion , which we will suppose to have been kept till then at the Mint price by the demand at home , begins to be sought after for exportation ; exportable gold rises higher than that which can not be legally exported , and is first sent abroad . A clandestine or fraudulent exportation of coin , or ingots produced from coin , soon follows ; and the price will continue to fluctuate with the variations of exchange ( not , however , preserving an exact proportion ) , but remaining such as to afford , in general , some small advantage in remittance by bullion in preference to bills . 941 Now , neither in this case , nor in ( he occasional exceptions I have mentioned , can any alteration in the value of domestic currency , shown by a variation in the prices of commodities , produce any effect on the price of bullion , except by affecting the course of exchange : and as it has been already shown , that a general rise of prices has a tendency to improve , not to depress , the rate of exchange , it is clear that it must have a corresponding tendency to lower the price of bullion , and not to enhance it . It is indeed clear , that the price of bullion , which is always convertible into money , and which is principally used for that purpose , has a much closer connection with the value of the current coin than with that of commodities ; and therefore , that a general rise of the prices of articles of trade , which indicates a diminution of the value of money , must tend to depress , and not to raise the value of bullion , and would actually do so if not counteracted by the regulations of the Mint . The price of bullion , therefore , affords no true test of the general scale of prices ; and the Committee having given us no other , I have endeavoured to ascertain the fact by an extensive inquiry . I have not only procured abstracts of the current prices of the principal articles of trade for several years past , but have obtained extracts from the books of Greenwich hospital , the Foundling hospital , and some other charitable institutions , with the view of tracing the prices of the ordinary articles of necessary consumption . I will not trouble the House with a dry detail of the accounts , but state what appears to me to be the general result . The general scale of prices had been progressively but slowly advancing for many years previous to the Bank restriction , and does not appear to have been affected by that event . But the scarcity in 1800 and 1801I produced a great and permanent effect , particularly on the price of labour . Since that period , the same gradual augmentation has taken place , as before it ; and it has been so far from being remarkable in the two last years , that though the price of provisions has been high , from causes sufficiently notorious , that of most articles of merchandise is considerably reduced . The last period of three or four years , is indeed remarkable for great and sudden fluctuations of the prices of merchandise , corresponding with the extraordinary and violent changes 942 which have taken place in commercial policy ; but the present state of prices is so far from justifying the opinion of a currency depreciated from its excess , that it would rather lead to a contrary inference , if it were not easy to be accounted for by obvious causes . I think , therefore , that the Bullion Committee have as little foundation