then defended the whole conduct of the campaign , and said , that the gallant general opposite had forgotten every thing relative to the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo but its fall . He had not recollected its gallant defence , nor bestowed one eulogium on its immortal defenders . On the whole , he was bold to say , that if our army was at this moment even on the point of embarkation , yet much had been gained . Nor was it a matter of small importance that the evil day was kept off , even for one year , which had given to France a check and to the Continent of Europe a respite . Another advantage had resulted from the campaigns in the Peninsula ; for it was manifested to Europe , that the character of the French army was greatly declined from what it had been ; and he felt assured , that the people of France did not look on it with the same confidence , since it had been proved that their career of victory was interrupted . He believed , too , that the prince of Essling would recollect with regret , the glories of general Massena ; and the dukes of Elchingen and Dalmatia seek for the memorials of their fame under the names of Ney and of Soult.—A right hon . gent . had made observations , on a former night , upon the disposition of the Spanish forces , and the sort of warfare which they carried on ; but it appeared to him rather hard to blame 414 the Spaniards for adopting the very advice which had been given them by the gentlemen on the opposite side ; not to commit the fate of their country by the rashness of resorting to general actions . The system on which they now acted was the most destructive to the enemy which could be pursued ; and he believed that in the last ten months the French had by it lost 40,000 men . He had to apologize to the House for trespassing so long on their attention , and should say little more ; but he could not help reminding them , that perhaps at this very hour , while they were deliberating on the vote which they should give , lord Wellington might be preparing for action to-morrow ; and when he reflected on the venal abuse which had been disseminated against that illustrious character , he felt a hope that if a momentary irritation should ruffle , his temper on seeing those malicious effusions , he would console himself by the general feeling which existed in his favour—for his country would remember , that he had resigned every comfort in order to fight her battles and defend her liberties ; nor would his glory be tarnished by the envy of rivals , or the voice of faction . He cherished the sanguine expectation that the day would soon arrive , when another transcendant victory would silence the tongue of envy , and the cavils of party animosity ; when the British Commander would be hailed by the unanimous voice of his country , with the sentiment addressed on a memorable occasion to another illustrious character , `` Invidiam gloriâ superasti . '' was disposed to give the hon . gent . who spoke last every degree of praise for the speech with which he had come down to the House , and which was worthy of him , or of the most eloquent member in it ; but he denied that it contained any answer to the arguments which had been advanced . The hon . gent . had entered into a very diffuse eulogy on lord Wellington ; but he thought it might be comprised in a very short sentence , as his situation was not different from that of any other officer who might be appointed to lead the armies of his country . He defended himself against the charge of having attributed gross neglect of duty to lord Wellington in not having attacked Ney ; as he , at the time alluded to , distinctly