him , on those occasions , was to prosecute all the parties implicated in the publication of the libel , and he had uniformly found , that , by extinguishing the papers , he got rid of the authors . He must oppose the motion , because the very adoption of it would in some degree sanction a suspicion that there was something improper in the administration of justice . The substantial interests of the public required that they should give every prima facie presumption that persons who filled offices of trust , particularly those relating to the administration of the laws , discharged them with fidelity and integrity ; and no clamours should be excited against them , except in cases of such aggravated misconduct as called for the severest reprobation . As for the general topic of the liberty of the press , he would be judged by his acts what his sentiments were on that subject . observed , that after the able speech of the noble baron near him , it was unnecessary for him to obtrude a single word on their lordships . That speech had remained unanswered and unanswerable ; except the misrepresentation of the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) could be considered as an answer . He felt the deepest regret at hearing the sentiments that fell from that noble person . He thought that his noble friend had laid before the House good and substantial grounds for his motion , and he should , therefore , support it . Enough had been stated to justify an investigation into the practice of the Attorney General 's office . said , that as it had not been his lot to institute any prosecutions for libel , while he was Attorney General , he could at least give an unbiassed vote on this occasion . From his acquaintance with the gentleman who now filled that office , he was enabled to say , that he was sure no man could feel more pain than he did in discharging the irksome duties of his situation . It had been insinuated , that he acted by the advice and under the direction of ministers ; he would not deny that this might be sometimes the case ; but it ought 161 to be remembered , that he alone was responsible . If any blame was intended to be cast on him therefore , it should be done directly and explicitly . If it wars the object of the noble mover merely to regulate the law as it now stood , this might be effected without the production of the document for which he had moved . Upon the general subject of the freedom of the press , it had been said , that where this freedom existed , no despotic government could long stand , and that without it no free state could long maintain its independence . If this was true , how powerful an engine must it be , and how careful ought not every legislature to be to prevent its exceeding its proper bounds ! And could any man assert that the press was not now free in this country ? With the examples before them of its licentiousness , could any noble lord seriously say , that the restrictions of the law had operated to crush or annihilate a due spirit of free discussion ? Without some means of prosecution it would be vain to deprecate that licentiousness which existed now , and , perhaps , had always existed , and he was not disposed to think the law in its present state harsher than was necessary for the attainment of this purpose . If , however , the noble lord ( Holland ) was impressed with an unfavourable opinion of it , the most direct and proper mode would undoubtedly be to-propose at once either a total repeal of the existing law or some modification of it . said , that after the very able and eloquent manner in which the subject under discussion had been treated by noble lords of distinguished talents and learning , he could have been