for the exportation of silver coin . The market price of silver was then 14 oz . and ¾ths , for one ounce of gold , whereas the Mint regulations made it 15 oz . and ½th , for one ounce of gold . The report then very justly stated that this difference between the market price and the Mint regulations , held out a temptation to persons to buy up silver coin with gold for the purpose of exportation , an evil which the report stated to require the interference of the legislature . '' The remedy was found in the restoration of the relative Mint value of silver as compared with gold to the exact proportion which it bore in the market . The consequence was that the exportation of bullion ceased , and the fall of one farthing in the value of Louis D'ors in Paris , had the effect of bringing that coin in abundancé into this country . Unequal currencies , therefore , he contended , could not exist , as the perfect part would quickly vanish , and the debased currency alone remain . This was clearly proved ( if proof were wanted ) by what took place in the reign of king William , when the silver , not being secured from deterioration like the gold currency , was depreciated not less than 25 or 30 per cent . The new crown pieces which were issued from time to time , did not remain long in circulation . They were immediately melted and exported : a mixed currency followed , which also disappeared . When there were two currencies , the one from 25 to 30 per cent . depreciated , the other at full value , this must ever be the case . But then it was said , to alter the system would be to encourage fraud and perjury . Why , they all knew that the laws on the subject were of no avail ; and he thought the existence of the law at present in force , went to encourage fraud and perjury . ( Hear , hear ! ) The hon . gent . then cited an act of 1774 , against clipping the coin of the realm , which spoke of the new coin as being constantly melted down ; and added , the practice seemed likely to continue , while pieces of the same denomination were different in value , and those 975 under weight were to pass for as much as the others . He would ask if this were not now the case ? ( Hear , hear . ) It was ridiculous to suppose that laws could prevent the exportation of guineas , when by exporting them there was a profit of 25 per cent . To shew this fact a little more plainly , he would call their attention to a circumstance of the advancing the value , or ( as to advance the value was impossible ) the making the dollar pass for 5s . 6d . instead of 5s . Its intrinsic value was 4s . 6d. , and the advancing its denomination was indirectly raising the denomination of the coin of the realm . If ministers had raised the 7s . piece to 9s . it would have come near the true proportion to the present value of the guinea ; and how was it then to be said to be the same aliquot part of a coin , which by the law was worth only 21s. ? It would be said , that no argument from dollars could hold ; they were not the coin of the realm . They might not be a legal tender ; but was there any man who would hesitate to give notes for dollars ? If a foreigner were to ask what was the money of England ? he would be told that a pound of silver was coined into sixty-two shillings , and a pound of gold into forty-four guineas and a half . If he were told that the silver were to the gold as 15 and a fraction to