. friend was most satisfactory . The returns made by the Board of Works appeared to have been made with an anxious desire to give every possible information to the Committee . If their object had been , as it was insinuated , to conceal the details of the expenditure , they certainly had taken the most extra-ordinary means of doing it , for they had accounted for every sixpence that had been laid out . He was quite sure that a return from any other part of the United Kingdom would not be described as a specimen of a dexterous attempt at concealment , merely because it contained all the information that had been required , and that could possibly be given . said , that being a member of the Committee , he felt anxious to state his sentiments on this occasion . He had looked over the returns attentively , and it appeared to him that there was no foundation for any censure upon the Board of Works . The returns might perhaps have been framed in a different manner , but there was obviously a desire to give all the information required . said , he hoped the Committee would excuse him for rising again , but he really felt it to be his duty to vindicate the character of the gentlemen who composed this Board , which in his opinion had been most unjustly attacked . He merely wished the Committee to bear in mind that they had made two returns to the precepts ; the first contained a detailed account of the whole expenditure of the year , the second an account of the expen- 512 diture of the 25,000l . These two returns had been sent to him from Ireland together , and they had been transmitted front his office to the Committee of Public Expenditure at the same time . There was only one more remark which he thought it necessary to make , and that was , on the manner in which the two accounts were inserted in the report , which tended in some degree to overturn the defence set up by his hon . friend . The return to the precept of the 23d of February stood ( as it ought to do ) first ; then followed the censure upon the Board of Works , of which he had complained ; and lastly came the return to the precept of the 23d of March , without any observation whatever . This shewed they were properly classed , but had not been sufficiently digested , otherwise that censure would never have appeared in the shape it did . The resolution was then agreed to . next moved the resolution for Maynooth College , granting a sum not exceeding 8,973l . to that seminary for the year ending 5th January 1812 . On the question being put , said he could not help expressing his astonishment to hear , after a series of grants , each of which had been more or less encreased , the estimate for Maynooth College , even less than the ordinary one . He knew , and the minister for Ireland he believed knew also , that that estimate in every respect fell short of the necessities of the institution : instead of lessening what was already too small , it would have better become that government which had begun by diminishing the original grant of 13,000l . a year , to have suggested such an encrease as might have been of some use to an , establishment they had so much injured . He did not wish to repeat those arguments which had been so often and ineffectually urged against the infatuated prejudices with which the present ministers looked to every Irish question ; but he would cite to them from their own estimates , one or two facts which he must leave to them to account for : of the sixteen principals presiding in that seminary over 260 students , the full salary amounted to 25l . a year each . Thus , the men who were entrusted with the education of those