But not to detain the Committee , he stated that he could see no one objection to the experiment , at least , because , if the Bank , after they had endeavoured , and did , in fact , restrict their issues , if they could then come down to the House and say we have restricted our issues and yet the market price of gold has not fallen to the mint price , then , indeed , he admitted that the Bank would have a better reason to question the good effects of their contracting their issues than any of their advocates had yet assigned . As to certain arguments of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) upon the fruitful topic of a paper currency , he could only say that , were he ( Mr. Horner ) possessed of that noble lord 's singular power of reasoning—could he adorn that reasoning with all the florid beauties of the noble lord 's as singular eloquence , still he should despair of convincing the Committee that a depreciated forced paper currency could be converted into the strongest sinews of war , and was , in itself , the best and happiest means of prosecuting a prolonged system of Warfare to a prosperous issue . ( Hear ! Hear ! ) After a variety of other observations equally forcible , Mr. Horner concluded nearly as follows , `` If , '' said he , `` there has been a departure from the old and constitutional mode of circulating the legal and substantial currency of the country , the charge of novelty is not imputable to that proposition that would go to restore it . A general rule in the great system of circulating medium has been avowedly violated . I admit that that minister is wise and happy who knows when and how to deviate from a general rule , but I contend , that there is still more wisdom and more felicity in knowing when and under what circumstances that general rule ought to be adhered to ; ( Hear ! ) but that above all , the cool trial of wisdom—the true test of fortune is to know , when to return after the success of an apparently justifiable deviation ( Hear ! hear ! ) ; it is indeed , difficult to resist the temptation of temporary expediencies . I shall now conclude , Sir by reading to the 1169 Committee a passage I met with this morning , preserved by the celebrated Sir Robert Cotton , and cited by him as an extract from a memorial of one of the greatest statesmen this country has produced , a remonstrance to Queen Elizabeth from her ablest minister , lord Burleigh , when at a time that Spain was aiming at universal monarchy ( how strange the vicissitudes of empires ! ) that monarch entertained the notion of making some experiment upon the national currency ; the language is simple , but , in my mind , pregnant with wisdom— '' It is not by the ends of wit , or by the shifts of devices , that you can defray the expences of a monarchy—but by sound and solid courses . '' The Committee then divided on the first of Mr. Horner 's Resolutions . Ayes 75—Noes 151—Majority 76 . The 14 next Resolutions were then put and negatived without a division ; and , on the 16th , or last Resolution , the Committee again divided—Ayes 45 , Noes 180 . Majority 135. said , he rose for the purpose of opposing this motion , because he was satisfied the Bill was composed of such mischievous and dangerous matter as would destroy the commercial credit of the country . To the common retail dealers in trade this Bill would be absolute destruction . The creditor was entirely neglected in its provisions , and he was sure that House ought , in all its legislative acts , particularly to attend to the honest and injured creditor . If this measure passed into a law , a debtor , whatever might be his conduct , provided it were