to blame in having adopted a course exactly opposite to this , they certainly evinced the greatest Candour , and the best proof of their inclination to discharge most faithfully and most impartially the great duty imposed upon them . I now beg permission to say a few Words upon he value of the evidence given by that description of persons , whom it is the fashion to extol as so very superior to men of science , I mean those who are called `` practical men , '' or `` men in business ; '' I feel that I tread on very safe grounds , an have the sanction of the highest authorities , when I say that the evidence of persons of this description ought to be received with caution ; for if there is one doctrine more firmly established than another by those who have most studied their character , it s this , that men in business are commonly most ignorant of the science of the particular business which constitutes their profession . It is certainly true , that among men in business there are to be found those who are eminently distinguished for their scientific acquirements concerning the principles of trade . This fact could not be more fully illustrated than by the great number of practical men , who have so ably treated this subject , but those form an exception to the general rule , for experience shows that the science of the practice of trade , and the science of its principles , are not often found together . There is another reason why the evidence of practical men on this particular subject , should not be held to be infallible . All men in business are interested in preserving the paper system , and preventing a recurrence to the practice of those barbarous times , as they were called by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) when the circulating medium consisted of coin . While this was the case all person in trade Were under the necessity of keeping by them considerable sums , at a great , loss , to meet the daily demands to which they were subject , and thus the profits of their capital were so far diminished , But in proportion as the paper system has been introduced into general use , and has been extended beyond its natural limits , the accommodation derived from it has enabled them to dispense with keeping those large sums of money idle , and to convert the whole of their capital into direct 1023 profit . It is in this way that all men in business actually have a beneficial interest in opposing the principles which the science of political economy has established ; and it is for this reason , and this only , that so much censure has been heaped on the Bullion Committee for adopting these principles . I do not say that all men in business are misled in their opinions by this consideration , but it may easily be conceived , that the majority of them , educated in details and not accustomed to extended views , might , without attributing to them any improper motive , be led to make their opinions agree with their interest . So far , then , as the evidence given before the Committee was the evidence of men in business , or practical men , the Committee would have failed in their duty to the House , and proved themselves most ignorant and incapable of their trust , had they given implicit credit to it . Though the witnesses might be men of great knowledge , as they were interested witnesses , they were as little entitled to credit before the Committee , as they would have been before a court of law . In taking , however , so much evidence of this kind , the Committee has proved their impartiality , and desire of collecting every possible information . If the Committee had consisted wholly of men of science or theory , as it is now the fashion to call it , and had only