and made a charge against him for having suffered the accusation to have lain so long dormant . This was a curious way of answering an argument : it was in fact no answer . The hon . gent . was not bound to bring it forward sooner , nor might it have been proper to have done so . It was well known how , at particular periods of time , men in certain situations were so surrounded and clothed with power , that to bring forward a question of this nature would be altogether nugatory . No space of time , however , should shelter men , who had official situations , and bad committed political crimes , from being called to account for their delinquencies . But the fact was , that the circumstances which gave rise to this charge had not been long known ; and although 80 it might be a long time since the transactions under consideration took place , yet it now appeared clearly , that ministers did , when the king was ill , transact business with him of that high and important nature , which they ought not to have done.—Whatever might have been the former general notoriety of the transactions , it was a new fact , that in 1804 ministers had usurped the royal authority , and had dared to exercise the royal functions in his Majesty 's name , at the time that there were persons in the palace , under whose controul his Majesty was placed . He certainly would not say , that a slight bodily disorder , or any disorder but such a malady of the mind as incapacitated the monarch from performing the functions of his high office , should make it imperative to suspend the exercise of those functions ; but when the royal mind was alienated and rendered unable to apply to the objects before it , it became high treason for ministers to allow the king to go on in the apparent exercise of the royal power , and to procure his Majesty 's signature to instruments expressive of his will , when it was notorious that the King had neither power nor a will of his own . In the statute book it was declared , that the keeping of the King from intercourse with his subjects ; that the keeping of him under guard and restraint , compelling him to act as those about him directed , was a crime of the highest nature . There could be no doubt that the lord high chancellor stood foremost in the general culpability of the government . The noble lord had , however , generously stepped forward to say , that he was equally responsible . It was a convenient doctrine to maintain , that no one of a cabinet was responsible alone , but that all were responsible together ; for it was evidently not easy to punish a whole cabinet . Every great officer was responsible for the due execution of the duties belonging to his office ; and of all those great officers the lord chancellor was the most responsible , because in him was vested the greatest power and discretion . Let the noble lord be satisfied with the responsibility which he would be found to have incurred when some of his own former acts should come to be inquired into . He would find that quite sufficient , without incurring a responsibility which did not particularly and especially bear upon him . What had fallen from the noble lord was wholly irrelevant . The simple fact was a fact which could not be contradicted , that the lord chancellor had 81 put the greatseal to an act , purporting to be an act of the King , when such persons as were resorted to alone , when force became necessary for the controul of an individual , were about his Majesty . If this was not undermining the royal authority , what was ? It was telling the people , that the government could go on as well without the king as with him . No