Bank-notes in circulation can have an effect on the price of gold or the rates of exchange , it may be sufficient to refer to the evidence of Mr. Aaron Asher Goldsmid and Mr. Merle , two gentlemen as capable of deciding on the subject as any who could be found in this kingdom . The former is asked , whether he has remarked , that as the quantity of bank notes has increased , gold has got proportionally dearer : his answer to which is ; `` Not perceiving that the increase or decrease of Bank-notes has any connexion with or influence upon the price of gold , we have paid no attention to that subject. '' —Mr . Merle , in answer to the question , `` What do you conceive is the reason for the high price of gold bullion : '' says , `` The exchange making it so much more favourable to transmit it than Bills . '' And Mr. Harman , a partner in one of the most experienced and longest established mercantile houses connected with the continent , tells the Committee , that `` a diminution of the Bank paper would have no effect whatever , in tending to an improvement of the exchange , either immediately or remotely . '' And when pressed on that point , he says , `` he must very materially alter his opinion before he can suppose , that the exchange will be influenced by any modification of our paper currency . '' On the theoretical opinion alluded to in the following paragraph of the report , I feel less confidence than on other points brought under our consideration by the Committee : `` In connexion with the general subject of this part of their report , the policy of the Bank of England , respecting the amount of their circulation , your Committee have now to call the attention of the House to another topic , which was brought under their notice in the course of their inquiry , and which , in their judgment , demands the most serious consideration . The Bank directors , as well as some of the merchants who have been examined , shewed a great anxiety to state to your Committee a doctrine , of the truth of which they professed themselves to be most thoroughly convinced , that there can be no possible excess in the issue of Bank of England paper , so long as the advances on which it is issued are made upon the principles which at present guide the conduct of the directors ; that is , so long as the discount of mercantile Bills are confined to 870 paper of undoubted solidity , arising put of real commercial transactions , and payable at short and fixed periods . That the discount should be made only upon Bills growing out of real commercial transactions , and falling due in a fixed and short period , are sound and well established principles . But that , while the Bank is restrained from paying in specie , there need be no other limit to the issue of their paper than what is fixed by such rules of discount , and that during the suspension of cash payments the discount of good Bills falling due at short periods can not lead to any excess in the amount of Bank paper in circulation , appears to your Committee to be a doctrine wholly erroneous in principle , and pregnant with dangerous consequences in practice . '' I am , however , persuaded that if the Bank shall confine itself to discounting Bills with names upon them of established reputation , payable at short dates , its credit can not be impaired ; although it should be admitted that inconvenience might result to the country from a possible excessive issue of its paper . The solvency of the Bank was established beyond all doubt by an attentive examination of their affairs by the secret Committee of the House of Lords in 1797 , when it was proved that their surplus funds amounted to 15,000,000l . beyond all demands upon them