feelings did not call for its chastising arm , they were the symptoms of a free spirit , the calentures , if he might use the word , of a lofty mind , harmless when gently treated . ( hear ! hear ! ) He believed , however , that Mr . Pole 's letter might admit of something like a hypothetical form as to the existence of a tumultuous disposition , and he trusted , therefore , that ministers would instantly adopt and sanction the construction.—You have disqualified , said Mr. Grattan , a great portion of your fellow subjects , who pay your taxes , and who fight your battles , from filling the high offices of the state . You have degraded your equals . It is to no purpose that you suppress the Catholic Committee : the spirit by which that Committee is actuated will break out in some shape less temperace and forbearing . Until you remove those disqualifications by which you have , in Ireland , sunk a part of the community below the level of general society , nature will assert , and will endeavour to recover , her rights . The Irish Catholic will never be satisfied while he is less than yourselves . That any attempt has been made to keep him so , is the greatest error of modern British governments . To the Irish Catholic I strenuously recommend temper and forbearance . The time will come , it must come , when you will have him sitting with you and voting with you—as he is now fighting for you , and ready to die for you ! said , that as there was a prospect of some further information on the subject being laid before the House , he would abstain from giving any opinion upon the conduct of the Irish government . He rose for the purpose of stating such circumstances connected with the history of the Convention Act as would enable it to judge how far it was an act applicable to the late proceedings of the Catholics . But he wished to make some previous observations on what had fallen from the right hon . gent . opposite , who had said that the Catholics enjoyed a complete toleration of their religion . He could not hear such an assertion without denying the truth of it in he must unqualified manner , for even with regard to the free exercise of their religion , the right hon . gent . ought to recollect , that there existed penal statutes which disabled the Catholics from doing those things which they might and certainly would do if those statutes were repealed . As to their civil rights , excluded as they were from the most important 30 privileges of the constitution , merely because they professed the Catholic religion , it was impossible to maintain that they enjoyed a free toleration of their religion , if the word toleration had that meaning which the writers of the best authority had always given to it . The right hon . gent . had said , that emancipation can not be granted to the Catholics . This was a position absolutely inconsistent with the first principles of the constitution , for if he understood what the principles were which placed the family of his Majesty on the throne of these countries , there could exist no constitutional obstruction in the way of making any law that the common consent of parliament and the people should require to be made . In respect to this Convention Act , Mr. Parnell said he would read to the House some extracts from a report of a Committee of the Irish House of Lords , on which report this act was founded . This Committee was appointed in 1793 to enquire into the disturbances which then prevailed in Ireland.—Here Mr. Parnell read extracts shewing that a conspiracy had been formed in the north of Ireland for the purpose of subverting the government , and effecting a separation from England . That arms and ammunition had been imported in considerable quantities ; that a correspondence