I acknowledge that the Bank of England has occasionally conferred great advantages on commerce and on the finances of the country ; that a great deal of good has been done to the public by the institution . But when I consider the evils which have arisen from it , that the evil of which we now complain could never have existed if no such institution had existed , when I 1047 compare the evil with the good , I have no hesitation in saying , that on the whole , the establishment of this Bank has been a great national misfortune . All the good that has been done by it might have been fully as well afforded to the public by the establishing of several Banks . If instead of one Bank having been established with so immense a capital , and such great exclusive powers , the trade of Banking had been left free , and several Banks had been allowed to grow up with the improving wealth of the country , the public would have derived equal accommodation , without any of the risk or any of the evils to which it has been exposed by the enormous power that has been given to this one establishment . The whole of our commerce could not be , as it is now allowed to be by a noble lord ( Casllereagh ) , under the management of 24 merchants . Such a monstrous state of things could never have existed in this great country , as that of all its best interests being subservient to the caprice , the ignorance or the misconduct of 24 merchants . The noble lord has said a great deal concerning the Banking system of Scotland , in order to prove to us how far paper money may be safely carried . Bat he has looked at the subject in a very superficial manner . He has made no distinction between a system of Banking which is managed by many large companies of equal powers , and a system entirely under the control of one privileged company . This distinction fully accounts for the superiority of the banking system of Scot land , where there are several great Banks , end no controuling Bank , over the banking system of England and Ireland , in both which countries there are national Banks . In Scotland , the management being in the hands of a great number of persons , much talent is brought into action , and the public derives the full benefits of a most active competition . But in England and Ireland , the numbers who direct the affairs of these national Banks are but few , and those neither fear or experience the controul of competition , which is the only corrector in all matters of trade , of the tendency of trade to , interfere with the rights and interests of the public.——Some gentlemen have declared their approbation of the policy of the laws for preventing the exportation of guineas ; with them I can not agree ; but on the contrary I am clearly of opinion , that we ought to repeal these laws , whenever coin shall again be paid by the Bank . 1048 If they were to be repealed no evil consequence would follow from it . Guineas would , no doubt , be sent abroad whenever it was a profitable traffic to export them ; but as they would keep their shape and character of coin , according as it became a traffic of gain to import them , they would be brought back in a state fit for immediate circulation . The effect of the laws , as they now exist , is not to prevent their export , but to induce people to melt them prior to their being exported , and thus to diminish the general stock of coin.——The laws against usury are also , in my opinion , frequently productive of great injury to the public credit . By limiting the rate of interest , whenever circumstances make money worth more than that rate , they operate directly to