checked in his continental views ? Is he not directing from his closet in the Thuilleries every cabinet in Europe ? What state , what power dare contend against or dispute his mandate ? Do we see him employing his troops in any part of Europe ? Has he moved a single military man ? Is it necessary for him to do more than issue his order to be obeyed ? His will is the law throughout Europe , and are such the proofs that his continental views are checked by the employment he finds in the Peninsula of Spain.—Again , it has been said that this is the most expensive war in which he has ever been engaged , and one in which he has suffered more in loss of men.—Let us examine as to the expence which he is supposed to have been led into . In all his former conquests it is urged that he has made the conquered country pay for its subjugation ; that he has raised from the conquered a contribution sufficient to defray the whole expences of his conquest . It does not appear to me , Sir , that this system has been abandoned in the instance of Spain ; we are yet to learn that Spain has not herself contributed by payments to her subjugator ; we are yet to learn that Buonaparté has not extracted from that devoted country the last shilling she had to subscribe ; that she has not furnished to his armies supplies of every denomination ; but if we wanted confirmation of the little difficulty which France has sustained in this contest , in her military expences , let me bring to the recollection of the House the statement which was made by the government of that country in the last exposé , presented to the senate , of the state of her finance , and there it will be found that so far from the war in Spain having added to the difficulties of France , Buonaparté assures his people that he has been enabled to carry on the contest in Spain , and shall be enabled to accomplish the delivery of that country without calling for one shilling of additional burthen of his people . It does not appear by anyone act , or by any one document , that the expences of his army have exceeded the ordinary expence of his great and powerful military establishment . Are these proofs of the expence of this war ? are these proofs that his resources are exhausted ? —With respect to the loss of men , I remember it to have been said on the first day of this session , by an honourable and eloquent member of this 407 House ( Mr. Milner ) that nearly 600,000 men had pawed the Pyrenees , and not more than 200,000 were now remaining in the Peninsula . Sir , I think this calculation fallacious ; first it should be remembered , that when Buonaparté found himself obliged to quit the Peninsula , to undertake the subjugation of Austria , he took with him a very large body of troops from Spain , and therefore their numbers should be subtracted from the 600,000 ; but supposing he had consumed to the amount stated , we must never forget that Buonaparté reigns over a population of not less than 40 millions of people ; that he commands the military service of his subjects ; that those subjects do not enjoy , as we , thank God , are capable of doing , the free exercise of our judgment as to military service ; with him every man is a soldier , must do the duty of a soldier , and his conscriptions enable him to fill his ranks at all limes with out difficulty or expence . Therefore do not let us flatter ourselves that he will be exhausted by his loss of men in the Peninsula , and that he will relax in his contest , or sink under it from the failure-in the number of his armies . We have seen him contending in Spain ,