point , notwithstanding the complete explanation of the 487 Judge , the hon . admiral , it appeared , was not yet satisfied . There were some gentlemen now in the House who had not heard his right hon . and learned friend 's explanation , otherwise , he should probably have thought it unnecessary to say any thing . As it was , however , he would very briefly advert to the heads of the defence . The fact had been admitted , that the judge had decided the same year that the causes were brought into court , though questions as to neutral property had intermixed with the rest . But a delay had taken place in consequence of a dispute between the associated blockading squadrons , as to their shares of the prize-money . The hon . admiral talked of riots : but what would he have said , if the judge , in order to dispatch the cause , had rejected these claims . A negociation had been commenced in order to settle these claims among themselves , but this had unfortunately failed . The opinion of the learned judge had been early declared , as early as the evidence could possibly be collected ; but the same question was before the court of appeal , in another cause , as to a blockade before Cadiz ; and therefore he had suspended the entering of judgment till that cause in the Appeal Court had been decided . Why had he done so ? In order to save the parties the expence of an appeal , which would most certainly have been preferred . This was in fact no delay ; it was entirely a favour to the suitors . The hon . baronet had said , that out of six causes , only one had been carried forward . True : but this , too , was to save expence . The question was the same in all ; and the five , therefore , waited the event of one . There was no delay , however , on this account . It was surely a prevention as far as possible of vexation and delay in the lower and higher courts . Then the hon . baronet adverted to the delay before the appeal court , but there , too , the court was free from blame . The delay arose from the disputes among the officers of the navy . It . was not the court , but he himself and the late learned and excellent man Dr. Lawrence , who were to blame , if there was blame any where . But the fact was , they could not call for the judgment of the court sooner . There was a question , whether certain ships were in sight at the time of the capture . The matter was litigated so closely by the navy , that they had to send out commissions to the Mediterranean for evidence . Having prepared the case as soon as they 488 could for decision , the court gave sentence in six months after . Yet for all this delay , arising solely from the nature of the case and the pertinacious manner in which the naval officers themselves litigated the subject , the right hon . and learned Judge of the Admiralty was blamed by the hon . Admiral—blamed for his conduct in a cause which was , on the contrary , throughout , a proof of his extraordinary merit . This might be parliamentary , but certain it was , it might be attended with dangerous consequences . Within ten days after the decision of the appeal case , the Judge of the Admiralty had decided . But then a fresh cause of delay arose from the claims of captain Finlay of the Scorpion . The hon . baronet asked , why this claim had not been rejected ? The reason was , that the judge had no authority to reject it without examination . Provision had been made in the prize act , lately passed , for the refusal of such claims as had not