well satisfied without offering himself to the attention of the House . But , as he was anxious that the vote which he should give , if his noble friend ( Holland ) should divide the House , might be subject to no misconception , he begged shortly to state the grounds on which that vote would be given . And he was the more anxious to be clearly understood , after witnessing the extent of that misconception which prevailed in the mind of the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) , upon what had fallen from his noble friend . Feeling , as he did , that the English language did not afford terms of sufficient energy and expression to enable him to signify the surprise he felt at that misconception and misrepresentation , he wished to guard particularly against a similar danger . He fully concurred in the opinions of the learned lords 162 who had spoken that night , that the process by Information Ex Officio was sanctioned by the whole practice of the constitution , and bottomed on the earliest precedents of our history . He would go farther , and say , that he believed it to be a most necessary and indispensable instrument of the government . He had , during the short time he had passed in office , seen abundant evidence of the expediency of this mode of proceeding in cases connected with the execution of the revenue laws . Such a power he therefore conceived was wisely and properly lodged in the hands of the officers of the crown . But did any thing which his noble friend had said tend to question this proposition ? So far from it , he frankly and distinctly made this acknowledgment , and confined his motion to an inquiry whether this in itself just and necessary power , had not been in its exercise misapplied . In support of the grounds which he laid for this motion , his noble friend quoted the opinions of lord Hale and Mr. Justice Blackstone—opinions which had scarcely been noticed , much less controverted by the noble and learned lords . His noble friend quoted those opinions in order to shew that the mode of prosecution by Information Ex Officio , regular and constitutional as it was , was at the same time a mode originally intended to be adopted only on certain especial and urgent occasions . He had listened with the deepest attention to the speeches of noble and learned lords , in expectation of hearing something that should controvert this doctrine . But no attempt whatever had been made by them for this purpose . The noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) on the contrary , confined his exertions to the combating positions of his own , instead of those of his adversary , and he felt himself therefore justified in assuming , that Hale and Blackstone were right , since nothing had been offered to demonstrate that they were wrong . If then Mr. Justice Blackstone had described Informations Ex Officio as a mode of proceeding of a most summary and peculiar character , not easily to be reconciled to the general spirit of the constitution , as an instrument in the hands of the crown to enable it to interpose in cases of enormous crimes , threatening immediate danger or ruin to the state ; —and if the object of his noble friend , on understanding that in the course of three years 42 criminal informations had been filed Ex Officio , when daring the six preceding 163 years the number was but sixteen , was to procure an authentic statement of this fact , with what truth or propriety could he be charged either with irregularity or want of candour ? Was not this the ordinary established form of proceeding for the purposes of parliamentary investigation ; and in what other manner was it possible to discover whether any power had been abused ? His noble friend had laid a broad and distinct ground on which it became the duty of the House to inquire whether the increased number of