making provision for the wives and families of Serjeants , corporals , drummers , and privates , in the Irish militia . He noticed that h is object in bringing forward this Bill was to alter the existing law so as to impose a check and guard upon the frauds committed under it to the amount of 74,000l . per annum . Another object was to confine the right of relief only to the families of militiamen who had been balloted , and not to volunteers , though it was not intended to take the benefit from , the wives and children of such volunteer '' as now enjoyed it . On the whole it was hoped that an improvement would be made by assimilating the Irish to the English militia ; by correcting frauds , and saving an expence to the country . It was not his intention to hurry the Bill through , the House , but to have it read a first time , and printed . agreed that the object in view was very desirable , and gave it his approbation . He , however , repeated his former suggestions of the injurious tendency of drawing distinctions between the militia and regulars , and granting to the former benefits not enjoyed by the latter who were so gloriously supporting the cause of their country in the field . This would operate against filling up the regiments of the line from the militia ; and the necessity of some provision was peculiar to Ireland , where there were no regular establishments as in this country . He again expressed his approbation of the plan , and hoped the parties would be enabled to obtain the relief granted to them , with as little trouble as possible from the distance of the collectors . observed , that this Bill did in a great measure , assimilate the militia to the regulars , as in neither were the wives and families of volunteers entitled to the provision . He thanked the hon . bart . for his suggestions , and would be happy to have his further opinions on the Bill in the course of its progress . He would take care that the relief should be attainable with the least possible trouble . supported in a few words the Resolutions of his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Hornet ) . He professed himself to be of the same opinion as he was last year , namely , that the currency of the country had been , and still continued to be , in a state of gradual depreciation . He believed he had heard and read almost every thing that could be said upon the subject , and had heard and read with a mind open to conviction : and the result of his candid attention was , that , looking at the question as a plain practical man of business , he felt satisfied that the Resolutions proposed by his hon . and learned friend , were those which in his mind most consulted the best interests of the country , and as such they should have his cordial support . thought the present , that sort of question which could be best treated by discussing it , partly upon the ground of authority , and partly upon the ground of examples : existing authorities , he admitted , could not be very conclusive , when it was considered how men the best qualified to decide the question clashed in their respective ultimate determinations upon it : an opposite rule would , however , apply with respect to the selection of examples , for while , perhaps , they could not go too far back for authority , those examples were the best and had the most practical application which were taken from the circumstances and events connected with the different banks upon the continent . Applying then this principle to the subject before them , the hon . gent . proceeded to shew by a variety of references to the practice and principles regulating the Swedish Bank , the Banks at Vienna , Paris