, and Hamburgh , that a currency of paper of the same denomination 1152 with a metallic currency must invariably have the effect of driving that metallic currency out of circulation . This position , which he had thus attempted to establish by analogy and example , he should next proceed to support by reference to authority . The Memorial of the great sir Isaac Newton upon the subject of currency , was considered a work in no sense inferior to any other of the immortal productions of that greatest of all philosophers . Here the hon . gent . read to the Committee an extract from this Memorial , which went to establish as a principle in the doctrine of currencies , that where there were two currencies and both legal tenders , one of them must become depreciated . He referred also to the authority of Mr. Harris , who agreed not only in the justness of this principle , but went a step further : he laid it down , that if there were established two currencies as legal tenders , the one paper and the other metal , the paper currency would infallibly drive the metallic out of circulation . In the various-views taken of depreciation , gentlemen confined themselves too much to domestic effects : depreciation was not to be looked to by mere reference to home ; it could only be rightly judged of by looking at home and abroad , and comparing the foreign rates with our own . Thus it was insisted , that paper did as well for all do mestic purposes as coin ; but why ? Be cause the tax-gatherer , and every public officer , was compelled to receive Bank notes in payment : it was not public confidence that gave Bank notes this sort of compulsory credit , it was the sanction of a law compelling by penalty . So true was this , that wherever an opportunity seemed to offer itself for evading that law , it was industriously sought after . He had heard , for instance , that foreigners in this country , to whom sums of money had been owing by persons in London , had gone so far as to take counsel 's opinion , to know , whether the Bank Restriction act extended to them , and whether they might not en force payment in specie . The hon . gent . concluded by stating it as his opinion , that whenever there were two currencies of the same denomination , and of different intrinsic value , the one of greater value must invariably disappear . He thought there should be an explanatory act passed , to shew that Bank of England notes were a legal tender . began by stating , that he should assume this one principle 1153 of exchange , that the value of all articles depended on the quantity supplied and on the quantity demanded . If this principle should be conceded to him , he apprehended that all the conclusions which he should take the liberty of submitting to the House followed as matters of course ; and , if denied to him , be did not know how to prove it but by leaving the fact to the common sense of the House . There was one principle , too , and only one , in which he differed from his hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) namely , that the value of the precious metals depended on their intrinsic worth , and not on convention . To this he could not agree . He begged leave also to suggest that bullion might have been of less value than coin , if the penal laws could be enforced , as the superior value of the former only arose from its being exported ; and if the circulation of paper was not more than the country demanded , it would equally answer as a circulating medium as even a metallic circulation . A given quantity of the precious metals , he begged it to be observed , would not purchase the same articles as formerly