memory , which was paid by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) . To sir Francis Baring the following question was proposed in the Committee : — '' Supposing the excess of the circulation of paper to be in a degree such as to increase the price of commodities , would that increase of price produce any effect upon the foreign exchange , until it arrived to a degree so as to check the exportation of merchandise ? '' Sir F. Baring replied : — '' An excess of paper circulation will , no doubt , affect and raise the price of the whole of the productive labour and industry of the country . The proportion that is exported will participate to the extent of its value ; and as the necessary 938 consequence of high prices is a redaction on the demand , it must operate decisively on the foreign exchanges , unless they are supported , or the fall counteracted , by an export of bullion . But until the demand or exportation is checked , an increase of price will produce a beneficial effect on foreign exchanges . '' This opinion , independent of the weight it must derive from the sagacity and experience of a person so distinguished among commercial men , seems to rest on the most evident reason ; for I think it easy to prove , that if our currency had in fact become of less value , this circumstance could not possibly have occasioned a fall of the exchange . If , indeed , in consequence of a rise of prices , a diminished exportation should take place , the exchange might eventually , and after a time , be lowered ; but till a diminution happened ( the contrary of which the Committee assert , ) it is clear that the effect of a rise of prices must be to raise , not to depress , the exchange : because any given quantity of goods exported would represent a greater amount in value , and therefore have a great tendency to turn the balance of payments in our favour . It may indeed be said that the foreign consumer will not consent to give more for British goods on account of any enhancement of their value at home , and that the British exporter will be obliged to supply him at the former prices ; but if this be the case , it is obvious that any change of prices , or , to express it otherwise , any alteration of the value of currency at home , can have no effect upon the foreign market , nor consequently alter the balance of payments , or affect the exchange . But this can only take place in cases in which the foreign consumer can raise or procure from other quarters similar articles , so little inferior to the British in quality and cheapness , as to make it more advantageous to him to substitute them , than to submit to the increased price demanded by the British merchant . It appears then , that a diminution of the value of currency at home , may have the effect of improving the exchange , but can not by possibility depress it ; and therefore the whole of this part of the reasoning of the Committee is erroneous . But though the Committee have chosen to assume the fact of a general and recent rise of prices , for the sake of drawing from it the infereuce of a depreciation of currency , 939 they have neglected to bring any proof of the fact itself . They seem to have made no inquiry on the subject , and have stated the comparative prices of no one article except bullion . Now the price of bullion depends on causes peculiar to itself , and has no connexion with the general prices of other commodities . It may be indeed , at first sight , supposed , that when the price of every thing else rises , that of bullion will rise too ; but this is not the case , and