being agreed upon the first principles of the doctrine of money and exchanges . The hon . gent. , who spoke last , had earnestly deprecated the adoption of any tone or language upon a subject of such importance , and so essentially connected with the best interests of the State . But if any thing could excite despondence in his mind , it would be to be told , that the very existence of the country depended on the maintenance of the paper currency . He ( Sir F . B . ) would feel very despondent , indeed , if he could be brought to believe that the trade , manufactures , all the resources , and even the existence of the nation depended upon such a commodity . But if the hon . member himself really believed that to be the case , he must say , that those who had been parties to the restriction and its consequences , had been the worst enemies of the country , and the best allies of France . He recollected well , and he was persuaded it must be in the memory of every hon . member who heard him , how very differently during the revolution these gentlemen had argued with regard to France . The paper of France , it was then contended , would be its destruction . It was impossible it could continue the war with such a depreciated paper currency . And yet the very same gentlemen were not now ashamed to argue that this country could not carry on the war without such a depreciated currency ; He was far from thinking that there was a want of coin in the country ; nay he was persuaded that if the paper could be suddenly removed , abundant coin would in- 1157 stantly make its appearance . Let but the excess of paper be withdrawn from circulation , and they would soon have enough of coin . The metals would return , as they did in America and other places . The principle and practical effect in this respect had always coincided . The want of coin in this instance arose solely from the attempt to prop a depreciated paper currency . He also was convinced that bullion and coin weight for weight must be nearly equal . The variations arising from certain advantages that might attach to each in some circumstances must be but slight , as the one , in spite of law , could be so easily converted into the other . As to the question of depreciation , he need only observe that in the Island of Jersey the notes of their own little bank were at par , or three per cent . better than the Bank of England note . This was decisive proof of a depreciation . But gentlemen seemed blind to these considerations , or , shutting their eyes against the light of demonstration to grope about in the darkness of error and prejudice , feeling their way by the helps of a vicious practice , and altogether regardless of the beacons of sound principle , or a wise and prudent policy . The result of all this must be that , after breaking their shins , knocking their heads against posts , and enduring many hard blows , they might find out the proper path at last . If these gentlemen could shew , that the principles slated with respect to currency were erroneous , that was another thing , but they admitted the principles , and then argued that they ought to adhere to no principle at all . For his own part he thought that injustice had been done to the country Banks , in saying that their paper bad been the cause of depreciation , since they were subject to a check , from which the Bank of England was free . But at any rate it had been admitted that their paper increased only owing to the increase of that of the Bank of England . It was therefore rather hard to blame the country Banks . This attack upon the