much on the errors of the Committee , in stating the course of exchange of former times ? When he stated that the course of exchange had been formerly against us , he should have stated the difference in the extreme degree ; formerly not equal to the expence of transportation , and now above 20 per cent . The same arguments which were now brought forward , might afterwards be brought forward when the country was on the brink of ruin . According to the test of the gentlemen on the opposite side , we should then appear to be in the greatest prosperity , somewhat in the same manner as a person who drops down of an apoplexy , frequently appears , shortly before , in the most perfect luxurious health . Our finances and commerce never appeared so prosperous as during the South Sea bubble . He then adverted to the argument of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) founded on the diminution of the circulating medium since the restriction from 46 millions to 24 . He observed , that a new mode of transacting business in the metropolis , rendered less of that circulating medium necessary . Nobody , he said , would bring gold into this country ; for to whom were they to bring it ? Not to the Bank , for they would not buy it : they had then only to export it again . He lamented that so much had been said about perjury in exporting coin , and thought it would be much better to allow gold to follow the laws of all other commodities . The House of Commons , he said , were the mint , in which were coined the political opinions which pass current throughout the country , and it became them , therefore , to set this question at rest . Whenever the Bank Directors knew the opinion of Parliament to be against their system , they would 1163 carry the principles of Parliament silently , but efficiently into execution . explained . He said the act of 1797 did away two millions of oaths , and he had formerly not charged the Committee with encouraging fraud and perjury , but said that their remedy involved fraud and perjury . disclaimed the idea that the Bank issued paper to an unlimited amount : every one of the 24 gentlemen at its head had a vote whether each sum was or was not too high . The discounting of bills was not the only means of issuing their paper , much being issued on government securities . The Bank of England at their beginning vested their capital in government securities . Why should not country bankers vest a part of their capital in the same way ? After adverting to the Resolutions of Mr. Horner , he expressed his conviction that there would be no limit to the distress and embarrassment that must follow the restoration of cash payments , under circumstances like the present , the necessary effect of which must be to compel the Bank to draw in their issues . As to what had been said of those states in which there was no paper currency , it should be recollected that this was , because they had no credit to support . declared , that after so many speeches of consummate ability had been delivered in proof and demonstration of the depreciated state of our currency , he should have felt that some apology was ' due from him to the House for rising on this occasion , and at so late an hour ; but the hon . director who had just spoken , had opened so new and so tremendous a scene , as to call in the most imperious manner for some animadversion . After hearing him declare that the Bank must be ruined , that it could not go on if compelled to return to cash payments , and after comparing this declaration with the opinion of another Bank director , who last night argued that our currency was the destructive effect of our