Whitmore— '' I find the commercial discounts have varied nearly in proportion to the Bank advances upon other securities ; the amount of the Bank notes before parliament is a certain criterion of the aggregate of their advances on different securities to government ; and on all securities the discounts have certainly en-creased since 1797 , owing , as I conceive , to the encreased trade of the country . '' `` Have they encreased in a very large proportion ? `` — '' Within the three ' last years they have encreased considerably . '' Do we require any thing more to satisfy us , that the whole of the evil , which has been most sensibly felt within these last three years , during which period the discounts have considerably increased , and consequently the circulating medium , is to be ascribed to the excess and necessary depreciation of paper ? Can any doubt exist in the mind of any hon . gent. , who reflects upon the subject and takes this ad mission of the Governor of the Bank into his consideration , that the great cause of the evil lies in the excessive issue of paper , and that whilst the power of regulating that issue upon the principles professed by the Directors of the Bank , is left to their discretion , the evil must progressively and incurably accumulate ? The only security the public can have against the ruinous effects of the alarming and rapid course of depreciation , is , in the recurrence , as soon as circumstances of convenience to the Bank and considerations for the public interest will admit , to the old state of things , to a national currency consisting of a metallic circulation concurrent with paper convertible into specie at the will of the holder . Yet Messrs. Whitmore and Pearse can `` see no positive inconvenience from 823 making the restriction a permanent measure . '' However they admitted , '' that the feelings `` of the public would not be satisfied , unless it had in expectation such a change , '' ( a removal of the Restriction ) . Upon this point the Committee wished to be more fully informed by these gentlemen . They therefore , in a subsequent examination , put the following question to Mr. Pearse. `` If it were not for this feeling or expectation on the part of the public , should you be of opinion , that it would be expedient to continue the restriction as a permanent measure , inasmuch as it would not only relieve the Bank from the ex-pence of purchasing and keeping a large Supply of bullion , but also effectually protect both them and the public from a repetition of those inconveniences which first led to the restriction , and that these advantages would be produced without creating any other inconvenience by which they might be counterbalanced ? '' Mr. Pearse . `` I have already slated in answer to a former question , that I am not aware of any posive inconvenience resulting from the present operation of the restriction Bill , or likely to result from its being rendered permanent , except as far as regards an expectation on the part of the public that it will be removed ; but this circumstance is , in my opinion , essential and can not be kept out of view in any consideration of the subject . Whether it would be advisable to secure the public against a liability to the recurrence of the inconveniences that , led to the restriction Bill , by sacrificing their feelings on this point , and absolutely removing all expectations of its being only a temporary measure , appears to me to be entirely a political question on which I do not conceive myself qualified to give an opinion , but I may venture to observe , that public credit and public opinion always go hand in hand , and that the one is invariably influnced by the other . As far as concerns the keeping of bullion , I am of opinion that the Bank does not