deficiency , was 4,981,000l . leaving a fraction of some what about 60,000l . of the 12,000,000l . At three o'clock on that day , the gentlemen had closed , taking the sum of 4,700,000l . upon the proposed terms , which the Committee would see left about 200,000l . unsubscribed for ; but that sum Messrs. Baring and Angerstein had agreed to take . The right hon . gent . then moved , `` That a Sum not exceeding 4,981,000l . be raised by Loan on Annuities , '' & c. which Resolution was agreed to . rose and spoke to the following effect : Mr. Lushington ; Before I enter into any detailed explanation of the subject to which I propose to call the attention of the Committee , I feel it necessary to apprise the Committee thus early in the discussion , that it is my intention to separate the last of the Resolutions which I have already submitted to the consideration of the House , and which it is my intention to call upon the Committee to agree to , from those which precede it ; because the preceding Resolutions embrace and embody what appear to me to be the causes and effects of the scarcity of bullion ; whereas the last points out the remedy which , in my judgment , is best adapted to correct the evil , and in which I mean to call upon the Committee to concur . I am the more inclined to take this course , because a great variety of opinions prevail upon the subject , and many gentlemen who approve of the principles and opinions expressed in the first series of Resolutions , may not coincide with me as to the propriety of the last . I consider it , therefore , of considerable importance , to keep the two questions as distinct as possible ; and with this determination , I intend to state fully the view which I take of the subject in the first instance , and then to propose the whole of the Resolutions , with the exception of the last , which I mean to move distinctly . Having premised thus much , I shall now proceed to the consideration of this important subject in all its '' Gearings , giving to it all that attention , and stating all those circumstances which pressed upon my mind so strongly , as to induce me to propose such Resolutions as appear to me just and proper to be adopted by the House . I am aware that the subject is one to which many other gentlemen are more competent than myself ; that it has in fact been much better and more ably examined by them ; but , however , having conceived it my duty to give the subject much and serious attention , I come prepared to this discussion with my general view of it , which for the convenience of the House , I shall endeavour to compress within as narrow limits as possible . In so doing , I am afraid , however , 800 that I shall be obliged to trespass longer on the patience of the Committee than I should wish to do . Among the various opinions and discussions agitated on this and similar subjects out of Parliament , many , as might be expected , go into the most violent extremes . Some are hardy enough to affirm , that our paper currency is of itself sufficient for all our necessities , and that our financial interests would be much improved by an entire substitution of paper for the precious metals . According to this creed , the greatest of all modern discoveries in the improvements of commerce , is the exclusive substitution of a paper currency founded , not upon the basis of the precious metals , but on the basis of confidence alone . Others , blind to the benefits of this proposal , blind to experience , blind to the great advantages of a well regulated paper currency , propose our reverting to ancient systems . Others , again , and in