like theory or imagination ; but a clear , concise , a dry and faithful , recapitulation of those rules which the statutes of the country have established for the weight-and fineness of its coin . Nor has the speech with which that hon . and learned gent , introduced and enforced his Resolutions—a speech which , remarkable as it was for eloquence and ability of every kind , was by nothing so distinguished as by its perpetual appeal to acknowledged principles arid established law , —even-that speech has not rescued the hon . and learned gent . from the imputations of flight bless and romance ; The same caution to beware of abstract theories is addressed to my hon . friend near me , whose intelligence whose accuracy , and whose official knowledge , digested and assimilated by a powerful and realty practical understanding , make him perhaps Of all men the least proper object of such an admonition . And this admonition comes from whom ? from the inventors and champions of '' abstract currency ; '' —from those who , after exhausting in vain every attempt to find an earthly-substitute for the legal and ancient standard of our money , have divested the pound sterling of all the properties of matter , and pursued it under the name of the 1090 `` ideal unit , '' into the regions of non-entity and nonsense ! When the ingenious sophistry of Dr. Berkeley , to prove the non-existence of matter , was quoted to Dr. Johnson , as a fallacy not easy to be refuted , Dr. Johnson stamped his foot with force against a stone , and exclaimed , — ' I refute it thus . ' Unluckily I know no process of reasoning that can reduce one of these practical men to the necessity of admitting , that a pound sterling is not a creature of the imagination : one can not appeal even to their senses , because that sense of theirs , which I suppose is the most conversant with this subject , the `` sense of value , '' is enlisted on the other side . But one may appeal from their theories to ancient records , to positive institution , and to existing law . On those authorities , I contend that a certain specified weight of gold or silver , of a certain fineness , is the only definition of a pound sterling , which an Englishman desirous of conforming to the laws of his country , is bound to regard , or to understand . Here then it is that I should pause for the answer of the right hon . gent opposite to me to the question of my hon . friend.—Does he admit or deny this definition of standard ? does he admit or deny the existence of a standard at this moment conformable to this definition ? If he admits it , then it is possible not only to answer his question with respect to the meaning of the word `` depreciation , '' but also to demonstrate that a depreciation , in the sense in which that word is used , does exist . Grant but the lawful standard as the instrument of mensuration ; and nothing is more easy than to assign the exact proportion in which coin and notes differ in value from each other . But while the right hon . gent . denies the existence of any such instrument , how reasonably require that the accuracy of such a measurement should be proved to his satisfaction ? A pound sterling is either 20/62 of a pound of standard silver ; or , 20/21 of a guinea weighing not less than 5dwts and 8grs . This is the simple and the only definition which the practice of our ancestors recognizes , and the law of the country allows ; Does a one-pound note represent this portion of the precious metals , or doseit not If it does , the legal coin of the country and the notes of the Bank ; are equivalent ? If not , either the law misstated or the depreciation