had heard urged against the Bill , there was none against its general provision . It was admitted that the persons in question ought not to suffer loss in consequence of their having held such situations ; and that they ought to be provided for as far as it could be done consistently with the public service . The question then was , how far the present bill was calculated to effect that ? He justified the conduct of the duke of Portland 's administration , when it first came into power , in continuing to these foreign ministers the pensions given to them by the preceding government . said , it was then open to the King 's discretion , whether he would continue to them their pensions or not . said , that from the constant exercise of the discretionary right in the King to grant a pension to all those who had served abroad as foreign ministers , there seemed to have arisen on the part of those ministers , a correspondent right to demand ; so that the claims were so many , and were represented to be so similar , that the great difficulty was to know where to grant and where to withhold ; this of course led to difficulties which were justly obviated by the Bill of last session . This Bill provided certain rules , which were meant to regulate future claims , by putting aside all those which did not come within such regulations . The first rule laid down was , that limiting the period of service within ten years from the date of his commission . The Bill further provided , that the person holding the foreign seals should certify that the claimant had not , within that space of time , refused any one mission 662 to which the government might have thought it fit to call him . This he thought to be a wise provision , and one that had ' been rendered the more necessary by a new custom , which was creeping in amongst those gentlemen , of exercising a supposed right of refusing any mission , after they had served out their three years ; insisting upon it , at the the same time , that this refusal upon their part to discharge their duly to the public , did not invalidate their claims to the pensions they were receiving from the public , upon the ground of those services.—At the same time he had no hesitation in saying , that if when he had the honour of holding the seals for the Foreign department , any exemption had been proposed in favour of certain persons who were supposed ( he knew not why ) to be interested in the fate of the Bill , he would then have consented to it . The omission made in the Bill of last year , respecting this case , was merely an oversight ; and it ought to be recollected , that though this Bill should pass , the discretion on the part of his Majesty to grant or withhold such pension , would remain entire and uncontrouled . expressed his reluctance in feeling himself obliged to vote against the Bill . were for the Bill . replied to the arguments urged by various speakers against his Bill , and contended , that persons employed in the diplomatic service of the country , were entitled to a liberal provision , when they were no longer employed , though they might not have been ten years in ; the service . Persons who gave their talents to the diplomacy , and relinquished other prospects of obtaining an independence on the faith of the existing negociation , ought not to be subsequently denied support in consequence of a new arrangement having been made . moved to leave out the clause , empowering the Commis- 663 sioners to advance Exchequer Bills on the security of Heritable Bonds in Scotland , observing that it was contrary to the principle of advancing money to merchants , and that , from the nature of the security , the money could not