they required , till the inconvenience at last became such , to both buyers and sellers , that the use of paper became , in a great measure , general . With the reduced demand for guineas the premium fell , and , in the same proportion nearly , the rate of exchange rose , and this without any apparent connexion with the quantity of bank paper in circulation . I am desirous now of applying myself to the Report before us , and , in differing with the opinions of so intelligent a Committee , I feel all the deference which is due to their authority . The authority of the honourable member who spoke last , ( Mr. Huskisson ) is entitled to great respect from his experience on such subjects ; but , where it is attempted , by a Report of this nature , to shake a system which has repeatedly received the sanction of the whole legislature , in the successive acts passed for the suspension of cash payments at the Bank , which was originally introduced , and subsequently continued under Mr. Pitt 's auspices , I can not consent blindly to submit myself , either to the judgment of the Committee , or to that of the honorable gentleman . The subject is of too great moment to rest upon any authority , however high ; none should preclude its examination , and all I desire is , that it may be decided by the House upon its merits alone . The preliminary point to be considered , is the principle upon which it is asserted that Bank of England notes are depreciated . It is contended that they contain , on the face of them , an obligation , that their amount shall be paid , on demand , in the standard coin of the realm , such coin being the only lawful money of Great Britain ; that such payment is now withheld ; that , the quantity of the precious metals , which the holder of a bank-note is entitled to receive , in standard coin , being worth , at the present market price of standard bullion , more than the note itself , the holder is consequently deprived , from the nature of the payment he receives , of a part of his just advantages . This divides itself into two questions : 991 first , whether , if payment were made in gold coin , the person receiving it without a violation of law , could derive this advantage from it ; and , secondly , whether his not receiving payment in coin , under the special circumstances which occasioned the Bank Restriction Bill , does not rest , not only on the sanction of positive law , but of a law enacted in perfect consistency with the spirit and obligations of the original contract , under which the valuable consideration was given for the bank-note . Upon the first question the law is clear . No person can deface or melt down the current coin of the realm , being of standard weight It can not be converted , therefore , into the shape of standard bullion , to be sold , without a violation of that law , with reference to which the obligation of payment in gold by the Bank must be interpreted to have been contracted . Gold , obtained from coin not of standard weight , may be melted down , but it can not be sent abroad without fraud or perjury , or both combined . The person receiving the guinea ought , therefore , in strictness of law and good faith , to apply it to purposes of internal circulation only ; and , so used , there is no reason to presume that it passes at a value , in Great Britain , superior to a bank-note . If the note commands the same value in commodities , and performs all the same functions , so far as relates to internal circulation , as the coin , there is no just ground to consider the note as depreciated ;