benevolent plan , had pursued the highest law opinions of antiquity , many of whom concurred in the want of an amendment in our criminal laws ? As for what had been said of reconciling theory to practice , it would indeed be a most beneficial thing could they succeed in reconciling the theory and practice of the law . It was imputed to his hon . and learned friend that he had taken up the opinion of Mr. Paley . This was not the case ; for on the contrary he had combated successfully the doctrine laid down by that eminent writer on this subject . But his opinions proceeded from the best of sources , and from the wisdom of his own excellent mind , matured by experience , and his attendance on the criminal courts . He was certain , whatever might be the fate of this motion , to-night , that these ameliorations would sooner or later be adopted as the law of the land . As for the doctrine of the hon . and learned gent , opposite , that the perjury of witnesses and juries was humane , and improved the general morals , he could not agree with him ; and noticed two cases in which such perjuries occurred ; the one , where a person who stole six 10l . notes was found guilty of stealing to the amount of 39s . ; and the other , where the criminal was acquitted for stealing money , oh the supposition that it might all be bad ! Gentlemen on the other side went always on the presumption that these laws were enacted wisely , and on due consideration ; but did they not recollect how little capital punishments were thought of before this age of civilization ? If a member of parliament was wronged in any way , it was only to move to have the sledge-hammer of the law laid upon the offence ; and he dared say they remembered the story of the Bill , making it a capital felony in a Jew to look down an area ; which was amended by the introduction of the words , `` or other , '' after the word Jew , so that any Jew , or other person , might be hanged for that offence . The hon . and learned gentlemen opposite seemed afraid lest any amelioration of the law , even for a few years , should unsettle the minds of criminals , and that they could not return with a good grace to their capital punishments . This reminded him of Pig and Kill Pig , about the beginning of the American war— '' Would you be cut and killed a little . `` —After noticing some other arguments , the hon . gentleman concluded by saying , that the public opinion on the subject of this Bill might be seen from the rise of his hon . and learned friend , even from the high eminence on which he formerly stood , in public estimation . His finding time from his severe avocations to pursue this excellent and beneficent plan , after all the political feuds of this day were forgotten , would transmit his name with honour to posterity as the benefactor of his country . Some men , by their virtuous exertions , acquired fame after their death , but of his hon . and learned friend his country might in his life time say— '' Presenti tibi largimur honores . '' thought it very natural that many lawyers should come forward upon a question materially connected with their profession . With respect to the Bill itself , he believed it would have a tendency to increase and not to lessen crimes ; for it would remove the terror of death which operated most strongly upon the most hardened offenders . They would always make a distinction between the possibility of escaping death and the certainty that they could not be punished by it . As to passing sentence on those not intended to be executed , an hon . and learned friend of his had