be obtained at a cheaper rate , and could act on the largest theatre , as there was no necessity for watching the expressive turns of their countenances ! It had been said by Mr. Kemble ( as he had seen by the newspapers ) , at one of the dinners of the O. P. gentry , that it required two theatres to make one good one ; and he was convinced , if there were not more than one , that the consequence of the monopoly would be , that at that theatre they would have sound and show instead of sterling merit ; as , from the monopoly of the Bank , they would have depreciated paper instead of sterling coin . said , that the circumstance of many able performers being out of employment , was one likely to be applicable to all times and situations . In France , where theatres were so numerous , and where taste was supposed to exist to such adegree , this complaint was always made , and always made with reason . As to the introduction of pageantry upon the stage , that also was a general practice to which managers must resort . It was a well known fact that the Misanthrope of Moliere was held up for many nights by the aid of a farce or some shewy exhibition , which kept the audience in good humour . The public taste was not to be considered degraded merely because it could admire talents of a different description , or performances of a distinct species . There was always a security in the good sense of the public for their coming back again to the legitimate drama . As to the question of expence , although ) the food and pay of the quadruped performers were less , the whole expence of the pageant was considerably greater . But when the drama was mentioned , and its excellence preferred , they should recollect how much the drama was indebted to him whose interest was con- 1145 cerned in the present motion . They should recollect , that if we were now in a condition to contend with the Theatre of France , it was to him they were indented for that distinction . They should also recollect , that the names of Siddons , Kemble , and Jordan , appeared among the creditors of the late Theatre of Drury-lane ; and decide upon the propriety of preferring their claims to the claims of a few greedy speculators whose only object it was to fill their own pockets . said , he would trouble the House but for a short time on this occasion , though he could not help feeling grateful for the personal civility and attention which he had experienced from both sides of the House . It was pleasing to him , though a party man , to find that his conduct was such as to procure for him this personal consideration . There were , however , one or two words which fell from his hon . friend on the floor ( Mr. Whitbread ) , and his hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Moore ) , which , sensible as he was to the compliments they had paid him , he felt hurt at being employed on this question . One of his hon . friends had asked for the `` indulgence '' of the House , and the other for the `` favour '' of postponement . Now , though grateful for the partiality they had shewn towards him , yet he would take the pride to say , that he wished nothing from the . House but its impartial justice . An hon . gent . had complained of the difficulty of procuring a box at the Theatre , and of the perversion of the public taste by the introduction of quadrupeds . But that was a mistaken view of the subject , for it was the taste of the town that perverted the Theatre . Mr. Kemble would much rather , he was sure , act on his own two legs