question at all ; it was unnecessary for his object , and he had cautiously avoided it . Yet all the hon . gentlemen who opposed his motion , except the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had spoken as if such had been his principal motive . He had stated , at first , not only what his object was , but what it was not . He had said , it was not , to demand for India a press perfectly free , but merely to enquire by what authority it had one perfectly fettered . One hon . gent . ( Mr. Lockhart ) had called his motion `` an abstract compliment to the Liberty of the Press . '' Without stopping to notice the obvious insinuation of that phrase , he would merely say , that if the hon . gent . should ever become liable to the penalty imposed upon the transgression of this formidable law , which was the object of his motion , the hon . gent . would then probably change his tone , and not think the matter altogether of an abstract nature . Immediate embarkation for Europe , without trial , or a hearing , or delay , or preparation , would surely be no very abstract injury or hardship . If , as an hon . gentleman had said , `` India must , at all events , be governed as it now is , '' there was an end of his motion , and of every other of a similar nature . He remembered , however , to have heard in that House , very different arguments held by those who sat on the Treasury bench ; some of whom spoke in favour of the present , some of the past , and others of the future . He recollected a certain dispatch which had a few years back been drawn up , but not sent to India , which reprobated that doctrine to which he had just alluded , and said positively , that India should not be governed as it then was . For his own part , he was of opinion , that if India must be governed as it now is , though the India Company might not think so , he believed the public had much better not have it at all . He had only one word more—this month was the time when the government must give notice , according to the act of parliament , that the Company must quit their exclusive privilege . He would beg to know of the right hon . gentleman , whether it was intended to give such notice ? said , he had on a former night been asked that question , and he had then answered that it was . would vote against the motion . He was not aware that the . power entrusted to the government of India had 476 been misused , and was fully convinced that the most mischievous effect would result from allowing a free press to exist in India . then moved for the appointment of a Select Committee on India Affairs , which he proposed should consist of the same members as before , with only two exceptions , the one , that of an hon . gentleman who could not attend , and the other that of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who was likewise prevented from attendance.—The two new members he mentioned were Mr. Porcher and Mr. De Ponthieu . complained that the Committee was so formed as to prevent any report except such as would be agreeable to the government and the East India company . The Committee was only an adjournment of the Directors and Board of Controul up stairs . They never gave information except when they wanted money . Their maxim was , give us all the money we want , or we shall force it from you , and call you all the names we can invent into the bargain . After some further observations on this political farce , he moved , as an amendment , That the Committee