Spain . In the former , from the causes to which he referred , this country was naturally looked up to in Portugal , and enjoyed a degree of influence and consideration , it could not as yet in other parts of the Peninsula . The apprehension of his noble friend , that the communications which had taken place , involved materially , points of equal , delicacy and importance , and would , under the circumstances of the moment , in their public exposure , be productive of considerable inconvenience , was just ; and , under such a conviction , he thought his noble friend must be unwilling to press his notice under the assurance his noble friend had given , should decline pressing his motion spoke nearly to the following effect : —Mr . Lushington ; In rising to submit to the consideration of the Committee the gracious Message of the Prince Regent , and to call upon them to second the views of his Royal Highness towards the suffering Portuguese—views which are as congenial with the liberality of his own nature as with that of the sovereign he represents , and of the people over whom he governs , I am sure I have no difficulties to anticipate , no obstacles to remove , and no prejudices to encounter ; I am sure there is not a man in the country , from the highest to the lowest , who will not approve of the proposition I shall submit , and willingly contribute his share towards the furtherance of a measure founded equally in policy , in humanity , and in justice . I can not conceive a motive by which one country should be induced to assist another in distress , which does not apply to the case immediately before us ; whether we proceed upon the calculations of a narrow policy , or the estimates of a true economy , or the more enlarged and enlightened principles of moral duty , the rela- 755 tion , and the misfortunes , and the spirit of Portugal , put in their claim to our protection . In whatever light it is Considered , every one must agree , that under the present circumstances , relief should be afforded . If we would inquire into the grounds by which such a measure is recommended , we would first look to the wants and merits of the country , in whose behalf we were applied to ; we would also consider whether that country had not some claim upon our interference ; we would ask whether those for whom we felt an affection were likely to be gratified by the act ; and lastly , we would decide whether policy , humanity , and mercy , concurred to recommend the claim , and strengthen the obligation . I hold in my hand , Sir , a letter from lord Wellington to lord Liverpool , dated the 27th of October , in the last year , in which the opinion of that noble lord , with regard to the wants and the merits of the Portuguese , are strongly and distinctly delivered . [ Here the right hon . gent . proceeded to read the extract , which represented that the Indian corn harvest being unfortunately on the ground at the time of the invasion of the country , could not be withdrawn , and was , therefore , according to the uniform practice of the French troops , destroyed . After relating the hardships to which the Portuguese inhabitants , were exposed , in consequence of this calamity , it recommended them to the notice and humanity of Great Britain , which had often manifested its benevolence in other cases , but which , in no case , was ever called upon by stronger claims , whether they Considered the sufferings of the attachment and fidelity of the claimants . The extract concluded with a declaration of his lordship , that he did not know a single instance , in which any individual , even of the lowest order , had held a communication with the enemy injurious