Labourers for the West Indian colonies . The great object which he had in view in bringing his plan before the House was , to lay the foundation of a system which would do away the necessity of negro slavery , and totally eradicate it from the islands . He did not wish to interfere with the system at once , but to arrive at it by slow degrees , so that at last the abolition should be complete . In order to effect this , as it appeared to him , a great and desirable object , he should propose to introduce into the colonies a Supply of free Labourers , who might shew to the slaves an example of what voluntary industry could accomplish ; and he was the more inclined to this , because of late years , the population had materially de- 709 creased . The hon . gent . then read a letter , which he had received by the last packet , which stated , that the returns to the Assembly of Jamaica , on the 28th of March , 1810 , were 10,000 slaves within the year , of which number , the decrease had been nearly on the average two per cent . This decrease he hoped would in future be provided for by his plans , and that a commixture of manners would produce an amelioration not only of manners , but of condition among the slaves . This he conceived he was fairly justified in supposing from the number of Europeans who would be introduced ; and the introduction would have this beneficial effect , that it would keep our possessions more secure than they were at present , under the frail tenure of slaves ; cultivation of the soil would be advanced , and the class of labourers he hoped to sec introduced would be drawn from the shores of Hindostan . He observed , that he had mentioned his plan to the late Mr. Windham when he was at the head of the colonial department , and that gent . had approved of it , and urged him to persevere . He now was urged to bring it forward , from the recollection that Batavia would produce many of their people . Persons thus brought , with their wives and families , should be free ; not slaves of necessity , but shewing an example of domestic life , such as would induce the slaves to follow the example . He calculated , that in two years after this exportation , he should be enabled to ascertain whether the plan would succeed . At least , he thought it was a fit subject for discussion in a Committee . It would require no pecuniary aid from the public ; and should it be determined that this was not the proper time to adopt it , then it might be adopted when it was judged expedient . The hon . gent . concluded by moving : — '' That a Committee be appointed to consider of the practicability and expediency of supplying our West India colonies with free labourers from the East , and to report their opinion thereupon . '' said , that he did not rise to oppose the motion of the hon . gent. , for whom , indeed , he entertained such a respect , as would induce him to further rather than to retard any object which he might have in view . He declared , however , that , with the most sincere wishes for the amelioration of the state of the slaves in the West Indies , he could not avoid thinking the plan proposed by the hon . gent . a visionary scheme ; difficult in 710 the execution , and of very doubtful advantage . Still he was desirous that it should undergo investigation ; and the principal purpose for which Re rose , was to impress upon the House the importance of not coming to a final determination on the subject , until those had been consulted whose interests were so materially at stake . He said this ,