was obvious ; and a small salary was not a sufficient inducement to any respectable individual to accept a situation of that nature . Whatever might be the result of the inquiry of his hon . friend , he saw no reason lot postponing the present grant . observed , in explanation , that one of the objects which he , had in view in the intended inquiry was to give protection to the Maroons in their present situation . The report at present was , that they were treated like slaves . compared the salary of the chief justice , of Sierra Leone with that of the chief justice of other colonies , in order to prove that the sum allowed was by much too large . He thought the grant should not be made until the investigation had taken place . trusted that , when the subject came . to be discussed , the hon . gentlemen opposite would bring proofs of of those assertions , which , thrown out as they now were ( unfairly , in his opinion ) , might make au unfavourable impression on the public mind . Of all the preposterous suppositions which he had ever heard , that of the Nova Scotia blacks , who formed the large mass of the population of Nova Scotia , being slaves , was the most extraordinary . There never was less cause , for imputing partiality to government , than in the appointment of Mr. Thorpe to the Chief Justiceship of Sierra Leone ; an appointment which ; was the single exception to the recommendation of the benevolent individuals who were the proprietors of that settlement before its transfer to government . The abolition of the Slave Trade had rendered it indispensable to establish a prize court on the ; coast of Africa ; and Sierra Leone was of course selected as the most proper place . For the purpose of economy it had been determined to combine the offices of chief justice and judge of the prize court . The noble , lord ( Castlereagh ) had requested him to find out , if possible , some person who was qualified for those situations , and who would accept them . It might be presumed that he had not been remiss in the inquiry . But the nature of the climate , the state of civilization , and other circumstances , formed such powerful objections , that among all those individuals in the profession , who had given an earnest of talent , he could not find one who was disposed to go to Sierra Leone . Nor was this surprising , when the difficulty of filling up the appointments of judges of he prize courts of the West Indies was considered , although those situations had salaries of 2,000l . a-year attached to , although those who held them held them had the liberty of adding 2,000l . more by fees , and although there was an extensive and civilized society . It was not until alter the disappointment he had experienced in his search , that Mr. Thorpe was appointed . He left it therefore to the Committee to determine how far govern could justly be charged with any undue motives in this appointment . Adverting to the greater question , respecting the colony itself , he trusted that a settlement like Sierra Leone , which formed the nucleus of African civilization would never be abandoned ; he trusted that the country would be redeemed from 742 the dishonourable imputation of casting off Africa , because it no , longer indulged in the abominable traffic of human beings . thought that the fatality of the climate was a strong reason for entering into an inquiry as to the expediency of maintaining the settlement . expressed the highest satisfaction at finding that the subject was likely to undergo a thorough investigation . He wished the public to be satisfied that justice , humanity , and every other liberal consideration , conspired to render it necessary to apply a considerable sum , for many years to come , to the purposes of that colony