the salary , difficulty of procuring a person for the situation proved it was not too large . spoke of the insulabrity of the climate of Sierra . Leone , which he knew from his own experience Of 1,500 persons who were originally sent from this country to that colony , only 15 survived in the year 1788 ; and he him-self should have fallen a victim to the mate had he not taken a sudden departure . said , it did not follow that because the business of the Chief Justice was carried on in his absence , it was therefore unnecessary . With regard to the individual appointed , it would be very hard first to engage him and then to deduce his salary all the time he was detained in England . As to the magnitude of the sum , it would certainly be a great moral as well as a great political evil , if the who administered justice between man and man were not sufficiently independent above necessity . was sorry to thirds that the member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) and the rest of those who had at : thieved so glorious a victory as the Abolition of the Slave Trade , were unable to prevent this establishment from being job , and from being a constant reproach to the country . In consequence of impositions , it was found necessary to transfer the management of the colony to government . Yet the same impositions seen to be continued . The argument he had heard from the hon . gent , who spoke last was like all the arguments which , during the lime he had been in parliament , he had constantly heard from ministers , in which the interest of the public was nothing and the interest of the individual every thing . Such an argument however did not give him satisfaction . It appeared , that Mr. Thorpe did not seem inclined to meet the climate of Sierra Leone Where was the necessity of removing this gentleman from Canada before every thing was ready for his departure to Sierra Leone A great deal had been said of judicial splendour ; dignity , and so forth ; but let the House look at the rest of the colonies , where in many , of-them-the Chief Justice had not more than 500l . In Canada the , salary was 1,100l . why then 1,500l . for Sierra Leone ? There seemed many other extrayagant and : unnecessary appointments , as salaries of 150l . and 100l . a year . He was informed , that there were many persons in the colony , of characters by no means favourable . He thought it , therefore , advisable that an inquiry should be made into the manner in which the colony had been conducted ; and till such inquiry , he thought , it would be proper to postpone he present grant . declared , that he should be very happy to have this subject inquired into , and settled in such a manner as to prevent the annual discussions that took place upon it . Whatever might be the result of that inquiry , however , he could not but recommend to the Committee to adopt the present vote ; for otherwise half the year must elapse before the communication of any diminution in the grant could reach the colony , to which period , and indeed until the return to this country of those persons whom the diminution would cause to return , the salaries of the different officers , & c. must , in justice be paid at the old rate . Of the good faith , as well as of the policy of maintaining the colony , be had no doubt . Many persons , Maroons and others , had taken refuge in the colony , and the expence of removing them , in the event of abolishing the colony , would be nearly equal to that of the colony itself . The necessity of appointing to the vice-admiralty courts , persons by whom justice would be administered ,