hoped for from it , and while it might lead to fatal consequences . On every discussion relative to the affairs of Ireland , they were constantly told to look at the distressed state of that country , and earnestly called on to relieve it by granting that for which they had been petitioned , namely , Catholic emancipation . That it was the duty of government to look to Ireland with the utmost solicitude he readily admitted ; but Catholic emancipation , he contended , could not afford Ireland the relief it required . In always bringing in this subject , gentlemen sometimes rather awkwardly forgot their own arguments ; and what was advanced in one instance appeared at variance with that which was stated in another . He agreed with an hon . gent. , that the disturbances which had lately taken place in Ireland had nothing to do with politics ; yet though this was admitted by gentlemen opposite , when these disturbances were spoken of , they were constantly spoken of as evils to be cured by Catholic emancipation . The interests of Ireland certainly ought always to be attentively considered by the House ; but it did not follow that the House should take the same view of the subject as those who represented Ireland to be in such a deplorable state . Others might differ from those gentlemen on the Catholic question , without being guilty of neglect or indifference ; and he , for one , thought the measure of emancipation proposed by an hon . gent . would not be likely to satisfy the Catholics of Ireland , unless it went to establish the Catholic on the ruins of the Protestant religion . As to the convention which had been about to be called , with the view he took of the subject , had it been a Protestant meeting , the same measures ought to have been resorted to . It was the offence committed against the law , which was intolerable , and which had called for the interference of government . The question the House would have to consider was , whether any prima facie case had been made out against the government of 39 Ireland to call upon them how to institute any thing like a parliamentary inquiry on the subject . The act alluded to , related to meetings called under pretence of petitioning in bodies and conventions . For his own part , he entertained not the slightest doubt , that the assembly , which was to have been prevented from meeting by the timely enforcement of the act , would have been illegal . It had been said , however , that the act was obsolete , and the hon . gent . who began the discussion had even said , that the Irish government had rummaged the dark pages of the statute book to find out obsolete statutes to put in force against the Catholics . ( Not obsolete , observed Mr . Ward . ) Well , then , the right hon . bart . below him ( sir John Newport ) had represented it as obsolete . But he would ask that hon . member , whether he had read the papers on the table ? If he had , he would have found in them a clear proof that that statute was not obsolete , nor considered as such by the Irish Catholics . It appeared from the letter convening the meeting of the Catholics , that they were not only aware of the existence of the law , but that there was throughout the letter a recommendation to conform strictly to the law ; so that one would have supposed that the course of argument on the opposite side would have been to quote the passage from the letter , and to infer that , as there was no intention to violate the law , there was no necessity for enforcing it . Whilst that letter , however , studiously disclaimed any wish to violate either the letter or the spirit of the law , he would defy any man