. The war in which king William was 1104 then engaged against France , may not have been equal with the present war in magnitude of exertion . Yet if we compare the means of the country at that period with its present means , and consider the exertions which were then made , it would perhaps be difficult to say that any excuse could be offered now , which was not in a great measure applicable then , for sparing , amidst the burthens of war , any internal effort which was not indispensable . But , the restoration of the currency to a sound state was then deemed to be indispensable ; and the war was considered not as a reason for postponing the required effort , but as an additional reason for making it with as little delay as possible . The high price of gold was then , as it is now , one striking indication of the deteriorated state of the currency . The indication might , indeed , be at that time more undeniable , because , gold not being then our standard coin , and the guinea not being limited by law as to the rate at which it should pass current , the high price became immediately visible in the gold coin as well as in bullion , the guinea being actually exchangeable for as much as thirty shillings of the clipped silver . The unfavourable state of our exchanges with foreign countries afforded then , as it does now , the other most unerring proof that all was not sound in the currency of this country ; a proof of which my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer clearly admits the validity , when he admits that the unfavourableness of the exchange might probably now be corrected by correcting the excess , or ( if he objects to the word excess ) diminishing the abundance of our paper currency . This admission I understood my right hon . friend to make in the most unequivocal terms : not meaning thereby that I understood him to admit that it was advisable to diminish the paper currency for the sake of correcting the unfavourableness of the exchange ; but simply that such a correction of the exchange would be the effect of such a diminution of paper . This leads me to consider the subject of the exchanges , as it bears upon that of depreciation . I shall treat it as concisely as I can : both because I must confess , that with all the attention which I have bestowed upon it , I am perfectly conscious that I have not been able to unravel all the intricacies of the subject ; and also 1105 because it appears to me , that the whole question as to depreciation is disposed of by the preceding part of the argument , that is to say , by the comparison of currency with bullion . The state of the exchanges may add some illustration to that argument ; but is not wanted for the purpose of establishing it . If that which constitutes the par of exchange between any two countries , be ( as , if I am not mistaken , it is ) an equal quantity of precious metal in their respective currencies ; this definition alone sufficiently shows that , whatever other considerations there may be , whether growing out of law or out of opinion , which regulate and sustain the rate of a currency at home , its value can be estimated abroad by no other criterion than that of the quantity of precious metal for which a specific portion of it is exchangeable . The foreigner knows nothing of the value of the currency of any other country except that a certain portion of that currency represents and will procure in his own country a certain quantity of precious metal . The question of the exchanges would therefore be as simple as the question of depreciation , if there were not confessedly other causes which operate upon the exchange , and the operation of which