prophesy , that the present distress of the commercial world would be of temporary or short duration ? The precedent of 1793 had been introduced as a maxim for the propriety of adopting the present redress for the distress of the merchants and the manufacturers . With respect to that precedent , as it was termed , he was one of those who were concerned in devising the measure ; but as it had been correctly observed , the distress of that period was wholly different from the calamities of the present day : still , however , he must add , that from experience and reflection , he was convinced the measure was founded in wrong policy . As one of those who were concerned in the measure , he was perfectly ready to take upon himself the avowal of his error , for he was afterwards satisfied in his own mind , that , although he had acted from the best of his judgment at the time , the measure of 1793 was unwise and impolitic , as likely to be productive of considerable injuries to the mercantile world . The present discussion was one of those injuries ; for he had now seen the danger which resulted , when the proceeding of that year was argued to be a precedent , and thus the trading world would be induced continually to look towards parliament for relief from every misfortune which might arise , from not only casual misfortune , but from failure in speculation . He was glad to hear this night what he had not understood before , that the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) , when in office at the beginning of the present war , had rejected the applications of many merchants for relief , and that he did so upon the ground of his considering such interference as contrary to the general principles of commercial economy . He honoured the noble viscount for his conduct upon that occasion , and he agreed with him that mature consideration had demonstrated the impolicy of the measure of 1793 ; but he was considerably surprised to find the noble viscount disposed , notwithstanding , to give his support to the present measure , and yet under doubt and hesitation of its being likely to be successful . It was ever the conviction of his mind that no relief ought to be granted to any class of individuals , but under two 535 particular conditions : First , the relief should be called for and extended upon the principles of justice . Secondly , relief should be granted when the means which could be used would be adequate to obtain the object of redress . If he were to examine the claim for the present relief upon those principles he should find no existing ground for extending that relief in the mode proposed by the present Bill . Did any man conceive that the means would procure the relief intended ? In his own opinion , as he said before , there was no doubt but they would increase the evil . The measure deserved no other appellation than a palliation . In adverting to the report of the other House , now upon their lordships ' table , he could not help noticing the partiality which pervaded it with respect to tin-assigned causes of this national evil . It was said that the cause was to be traced to the spirit of over-trading , which had induced our merchants to speculate to an extreme to South America Would then lordships suffer themselves to be persuaded that the whole of our exports to South America , taken in toto as loss from a spirit of overtrading , would account for the magnitude and extent of the evil which existed ? Sure he was , that the whole of that traffic would hear a comparatively small influence upon the rest of our immense trade . He could not but wonder at such a report ascribing this evil to the overstocking of the South American markets . But did not the Committee recollect that the ports of the continent