, that it could be any satisfaction to a creditor to hold the body of his debtor in perpetual confinement ? The inconveniences of this act might and would be many , which was the consequence of all legal measures , when first provided . But even if all the fanciful evils stated by his noble and learned friend , should , contrary to every probability , really occur , yet it was fair to turn our attention to the other side ; for , let all the evils suggested by the unlimited fancy of imagination be put into one scale , and then let all the oppression and cruelty contained in the report be put in the other , and the evils fancied by his noble and learned friend , taking them to be well founded , would be as a feather in the balance . It had been said how this Bill would apply in respect to a tenant committing waste upon an estate ; still , that was stating a particular case ; and granting such a case deserved a more severe punishment , for God 's sake let us provide some other legislative remedy . But would their lordships , for such a solitary objection , resist the remedy which they had pledged themselves to afford to the unfortunate debtor ? Why , the debtor was a rich man , and yet he fraudulently wronged his just creditor , by refusing payment , and going to prison ; and in the rules of the King 's Bench he often lived in affluence and luxury , till the poor creditor , for want of his money , was ruined , and came to a gaol . Let any man read the mass of oppression detailed in the Report of the Committee ; it was such that , when he asserted its existence , during the zeal which had existed for twenty years in this cause , it was scarcely credible , because the facts were so enormous and so abominable , that they could scarcely be supposed to exist . Let any one read those facts detailed , and he would defy him to deny the necessity of some legislative provision to remove them ; because , if he did , it would damn his cha- 1172 racter for ever . Without any disrespect to his noble and learned friend ( whose opinion he should ever esteem , nor should any contention like the present ever alter the high regard he had for him , ) he must press the necessity of some measure like the present , and for that reason he would , support this Bill ; and he did enjoin his noble and learned friend to offer them his advice and assistance , whereby the Bill might be rendered more beneficial . The dirt and rubbish of the present system must be removed , otherwise no wholesome superstructure could be erected in its place ; and he thought this Bill , though not what he wished it to be , would produce that happy effect . For these reasons he opposed the motion of his noble and learned friend . did not intend to support the motion , as he thought it was understood the Bill should pass the Committee , and the objection to its principle might be taken in a further stage . But , indeed , there were so many objectionable parts in the Bill , and he perceived so much difficulty in amending them , that although he was not averse to its principle , yet he was afraid when it should have gone through the Committee , and should have been re-committed again , it would not be that Bill which would permit him to give it his support , in order that it might pass into a law . The machinery was such as , in his opinion , could never operate ; and if it could , as it now stood , it was not likely to give relief , without also doing injury . But he would recommend to his noble and learned friend to withdraw