may sometimes be concurrent with that of the relative values of the respective currencies , and sometimes may tend to counteract it . A country which imports from another more than it exports to it of all other articles of commerce , is supposed to make up the difference by a transmission of bullion . In point of fact , this transmission takes place in much fewer instances than the theory supposes : but the necessity of making it either actually or virtually , cause '' a variation in the rate of exchange in favour of the creditor , and to the disadvantage of the debtor country ; the amount of which variation is measured by , and expresses , the cost of making the transmission . Supposing the currencies of two countries each in a perfectly sound state , any variation from the par of exchange , between them can be produced only by the one country having a debt to discharge to the other . Supposing the debts and Credits of two countries to be exactly balanced , any variation from the par of exchange between them can only be produced by a depreciation in the currency of 1106 one of them . These causes , however , may both exist at the same time : and they may exist either on opposite sides or together ; in the one case aggravating , in the other counteracting each other . A country might be largely in debt to another , and yet , if its currency were sound , and the currency of the creditor country deteriorated , the course of the exchange would exhibit only the difference between the contending effects of such deterioration on the one hand , and such debt on the other : —and it might happen that these effects might be so precisely balanced , as exactly to neutralise each other . But when a country is in the situation of being indebted to another , and at the same time of having a depreciated currency , the depression of the exchange exhibits the combined effect of both causes . This last may , or may not be , our present situation . For I am far from taking upon myself to assert that the balance of the payments from us to the continent enters for nothing into the amount of the unfavourable exchange against this country . I only deny that it can be the sole cause of that unfavourableness . Still less do I pretend to define the share which this cause may have in producing the effect . But as it is obvious that the depression of the exchange from this cause can never for any great continuance of time very far exceed the expence of transmitting bullion for the liquidation of the balance of payments : as it is not only acknowledged but contended , that bullion for this purpose is in fact transmitted ; as the expence of the transmission is perfectly known , in all its several parts of price , freight , and insurance ; and as their collective result , is notoriously very far within the limits of the actual depression of the exchange ; there will remain of that depression a large share to be accounted for , after every deduction that can be made on account of the balance of payments ; and that remainder can no otherwise be accounted for , than by the deterioration of our currency . The state of the exchanges therefore is a proof , though I do not admit it to be a necessary proof.—still less could I allow it to be the test , —of a depreciated currency . I do not admit it to be a necessary proof ; because , the price of bullion in the currency is proof sufficient without it . I do not allow it to be the test ; because under certain circumstances a currency might be depreciated to a limited degree ; without 1107 producing a visible depression of the exchange , —nay , it might co-exist with an exchange positively favourable . These cases would arise , whenever