require , and that in this way an excessive , issue might have taken place . With a view to ascertain this point , they examined the governor and deputy governor of the Bank as to the principles upon which they limited the amount of their discounts . The Bank could take no more than five per cent : the speculators might flatter themselves with the prospect of a larger profit by extending their , applications for discount at that rate , and hence it became necessary to inquire into the practice of the Bank upon the subject of discounts , and to learn whether there was any thing in the amount of the discount or the circumstances of the application that could be considered as a settled principle and an invariable security against improvident and excessive issue . With this view Mr. Whitmore was asked : `` Is it your opinion that the same security would exist against any excess in the issues of the Bank , if the rate of the discount were reduced from five to four per cent ? —Answer : Mr. Whitmore.— '' The security against an excess of issue would be , I conceive , precisely the same. '' —Mr . Pearse.— '' I concur in that answer . '' `` If it were reduced to three per cent ? —Mr . Whitmore.— '' I conceive there would be no difference , if our practice remained the same as now , of not forcing a note into circulation. '' —Mr . Pearse.— '' I concur in that answer . '' And again : `` You have stated , that the control which guards the public against any excess in the issues , is that no person would be disposed to pay at the rate of five per cent . interest to the Bank for the use of their notes , if his occasions did not require such an advance , and this is the criterion by which you judge of the occasions of the public being adequately supplied ; might not such person be disposed to obtain this accommodation from the 820 Bank , if any prospect offered itself to his speculation by which great profit might be derived from the use of a capital so obtained , although the wants of the circulation might not require any such addition ? —Mr . Whitmore . `` In my view of the subject , nobody would pay three per cent . interest even , or any interest of money unless it were for the purpose , of employing it for speculation ; and provided the conduct of the Bank is regulated as it now is , no accommodation would be given to a person of that description . '' It must be evident to the Committee from the part of the evidence of these gentlemen which I have read , that the Bank directors had no fixed or settled principle to go by in regulating their discounts , and that their issues have been limited by no other consideration than the extent of the demand . Is it to be wondered at then , if the circulation of their paper has increased to the amount to , which I have already , stated it to have been carried , or that the effect of such a growing and indefinite accumulation should have been the depreciation of the currency to which I am anxious to fix the attention of the Committee ? In point of fact , it is obvious , that whilst the Bank directors found good names on the paper presented to them for discounts , which promised to secure them from eventual loss , they sent forth their paper into circulation without ever attending to the injurious consequences to the public that must result from any over issue . With respect to the Bank restriction measure , which upon any sound and hitherto received notions upon the subject can not but be considered an evil , justifiable only upon the ground of the greater magnitude of the evil which it was intended to prevent , the Bank directors appear to entertain equally strange