foreign expenditure were deemed necessary , the domestic currency must be considered inseparable from it ; for where our foreign commerce was so circumscribed , and we had not the opportunity as in ordinary circumstances , of bringing back the wealth which we expended , the only way to provide the means for a future re-purchase of the coin that now quitted us was by giving a vigour to our agriculture and commerce , to which an increased internal circulation alone was competent.—If this were called an excess , he would say that it was an excess without which we Could not carry on the great contest in which we were engaged , as we had hitherto done . In no former war had the expences of the country been so great , or the means of supplying those expences so limited . The question , therefore , for the Committee to decide upon was , whether or not the country should continue to make the exertions in which she had hitherto persevered . Were the Committee prepared to say that the evil of not having the balance of exchange nicely adjusted was so tremendous as to make it necessary , and , great God ! to make it necessary at the present moment , to withdraw from the contest which the country was so gloriously maintaining ? The hon . gent . who had last spoken , had done the Committee the favour of giving them a fine opportunity of contemplating what the situation of Great Britain might have been , compared with what it actually was.—He had charractcrised the conduct , which this country had pursued as absurd and timorous . He had called upon the Committee to look at Hamburgh ; to look at Holland . Happy Hamburgh ! happy Holland ! They , it teemed , had not had the cowardice to imitate the example of Great Britain.— '' Sir '' exclaimed the Chancellor of the Exchequer , `` without any intention of denying that our present situation is one 1068 which demands the most serious consideration , I have no hesitation in declaring , notwithstanding the imputation of cowardice on the manner in which the finances of the country have been conducted , that I prefer that situation to the situation in which the prowess of Hamburgh and of Holland have placed them . '' So much for the question of excess ; now for the question of depreciation . And here again he begged leave to say something on the meaning of the word , as it applied to the currency of the country . Some gentlemen , he conceived , by the term `` depreciation , '' meant that the whole currency of the country was depreciated , gold and paper equally . This opinion had the sanction of high authorities . By the advocates of the Bullion Report the term was not so applied . They thought paper depreciated below coin . There was a strange confusion in the Report , in the reasoning upon which this opinion professed to be founded . The different members of their syllogism were unconnected with each other ; and beginning in their premises with a reference to coin , they applied their conclusion exclusively to bullion . This was not quite so logical as might have been expected in a performance affecting such minute accuracy . It was perfectly fair for gentlemen on the other side to contend , for the purpose of maintaining their own propositions , that there was no difference between good gold in coin and gold in bullion but it certainly was not fair to commence the proposition by a reference to gold in coin , and then , without any notice , to substitute bullion in the room of it . If gentlemen meant merely to maintain the self-evident truth that , abstractedly speaking , an ounce of gold was worth an ounee of gold , he for one would have no difficulty in agreeing with them ; but if they meant to say that gold neither acquired nor lost any thing in value , when it was stamped as