have been willing to have given his services upon the committee ; services which , in his view of the case , would be of great utility . It appeared to hire that this would be an operation of finance I founded on a commercial difficulty ; and it was important , even with a view to the proximate causes of that difficulty , that some person , accustomed to the operations of finance , should be on the spot . Although he was sorry that the services of the hon . gent , on this committee should be lost , yet as he was averse to become one of the members , he certainly would not press his motion . moved as an amendment , That after the word 'credit ' , the words and trade of the united kingdom ' be inserted . thought upon the whole , that it would be better to defer the consideration of the more extended subject , until the narrower was decided , and the report of the committee brought up . preferred the original words . He did not wish that the great political question should be submitted to the committee . then moved another amendment , that the word 'thereupon ' should be left out , for the purpose of introducing the words 'the causes that produced the same . ' thought the words , as they originally stood , expressed the meaning sufficiently , and of course that the amendment was unnecessary . said , the Committee should not be permitted to go into the political question , as it would only have the effect of rendering the real question referred to them , ambiguous . took it for granted that the object was to inquire into the stale of trade only so far as this was connected with the means of giving relief . To answer this purpose , the original motion was sufficiently well expressed . The amendment proposed would lead into too large a field . The first part of the amendment , that the committee should inquire into the state of the trade of the united kingdom , was then put and negatived . The question being upon the latter part , that 128 the committee should report on the cause that produced the same . observed , that the right hon . gent , had surely fallen into some mistake . Was it meant that there should be an inquiry into the causes that produced commercial credit ? —No into the causes of the present state of commercial credit . —Even in that sense it was too large , and would carry the duties of , the committee much beyond what any , one appeared to have in view . concurred with the last speaker , that the words of the amendment were too large—and that the inquiry ought to be confined to the state of trade , so far as this was connected with the mean '' of relief . stated , that in his opinion there were too many commercial men proposed , 13 out of the 21 being of that description , and thereby constituting a majority of the whole . The remaining names , too , were chiefly those connected with the right hon . gent , in office . The right hon . gent , seemed to hold out , that he had at first rather turned a deaf ear to the representations on this subject , and whether he was a convert to the opinions contained in these representations , or had brought forward the subject on account of the number of applications , and the respectability of the quarters from whence they came , he had not mentioned . But if the commerce of the country was in an embarrassed state , and it was clear that it was , this committee was improperly constituted . That there ought to be some Commercial men , was certain ; but that they must have a strong bias to recommend the granting of relief , even though it might be doubtful to others whether such a measure would be