took place ; the state of the exchange with Ireland was improved ; and the difference between a guinea and Bank paper was , in that country lately , only four-pence . adverted to the causes of the improved state of the Bank of Ireland currency , as alluded to by the noble earl ; it was principally to be attributed to the great reduction of the issue of Bank of Ireland notes , which took place soon after the inquiry . entertained similar sentiments with noble lords on his side of the House , respecting the recent conduct of the bank directors . He reprobated it as a transaction of which the foulest advantages might be made , in case of the directors having given private notice to their friends of their intention to raise the price of dollars upon such a day . There had been cases as bad . It was known that some individuals had by some means extricated certain secrets from Mr. Pitt , when at the head of affairs , and by means of such secrets , they had acquired large properties . The motion was then agreed to , as was also a motion for an Address to the Prince Regent , praying , That copies of the correspondence between his Majesty 's government and the Bank of England , on the occasion in question , be laid before the House . rose , for the purpose of moving an Address to his Royal Highness on the occasion . It was one , he observed , on which he naturally expected that under the circumstances of the case , the general concurrence of their lordships , would be signified . The facts and circumstances to which the message referred , were of indisputable notoriety , and the policy and wisdom of the measure to be proposed rested upon principles of public faith , and incontrovertible grounds of public wisdom . On these grounds , in the present stage of the discussion , it would be the lessnecessary to enter into the reasons upon which his Royal Highness founded his expectations of receiving the general concurrence and support of their lordships . They all knew and should feel , that the present moment was the very crisis of the fortunes of our magnanimous ally ; she was in the very zenith of her exertions , co-operating with us against the common enemy ; and surely it was impossible to think that an idea or a desire could be entertained of checking or suspending the successful progress of our common exertions . The exertions made by Portugal , independent of the aid she received from this country , were of themselves considerable ; but how much more efficacious these may be rendered with due assistance from this country , may be inferred from what was now well known to their lordships to have resulted from the aid already afforded by us to Portugal . She had been stimulated thereby to a degree of exertion before unknown in the annals of the country , and these efforts , when assisted by and combined with those made by Britain , had produced a tide of success unparalleled in the history of any country in Europe . Her present formidable military force has risen from a lower scale of establishment and discipline than could be paralleled in any country of Europe ; but it had proceeded progressively under the inspirating auspices of excellentand skilful British officers to its present state of perfection . To prove the value and efficiency of the Portuguese troops , he need only add , that during the campaign which had just passed , they had been sharers in all the toils endured , and partners in all the glories achieved , by the British soldiery . But this was not all ; the system to which his Royal Highness in his gracious message referred , had proved a pregnant and perennial source of other important advantages . It tended 449 to exalt the Portuguese militia to a degree of vigour and activity worthy of a powerful regular army ; and further , it