they will applaud rather than censure the conduct of government . Indeed , even now , many of the most respectable Catholics do not disguise their opinion , that the conduct of the Committee had thrown discredit upon the Catholic cause , and had endangered the peace of the country . It certainly was a subject of consolation to the lord lieutenant to know , that a number of respectable Catholic gentlemen were coming to Dublin to put an end to this Committee themselves ; and , therefore , the Irish government , though still watching their proceedings , determined not to molest them . beg leave here , Sir , to call the attention of the House to a statement of the right hon . and learned gent . : he says , that the resolutions of the Committee , of the 26th of February , reassert all that had been asserted before , and that they declared themselves to be that very illegal assembly which the government had threatened to disperse . Now , I do beg the right hon . and learned gent , will look at the resolutions themselves , and 305 see whether they bear him out in that proposition ; I maintain that they prove the direct contrary : but , it seems , that these friends of the Catholics on the other side of the House will not allow the word of a Catholic to be taken upon any occasion ; and the Irish government are termed drivellers and blockheads , because , being gentlemen themselves , they believed the word of a gentleman . Surely , Sir , the right hon . and learned gent , could not have read the resolutions of the 26th of February , * or he would not have made this assertion . The House will do me the honour to recollect my statement of the : proceedings of the Committee on the 24th of November , when lord Fingall we in the chair ; it was then determined that they were empowered to transact all Catholic affairs . This was precisely the objection of tile Irish government . They complained , that the Committee had travelled out of the province for which they were constituted . Now , did the resolutions of the 26th of February last reassert * `` At a Meeting of the General Committee of the Catholics of Ireland , held at No . 4 , Capel-street , On Tuesday , the 26th of February , 1811 , `` The LORD FFRENCH in the Chair ; `` Resolved , That the . correspondence between the lord Ffrench and Mr. Secretary Pole be published . `` Resolved , That this Committee has been appointed by an aggregate meeting of the Catholics of Ireland , to prepare and procure , to be presented to parliament , on their behalf , petitions for the removal of all such penalties and disabilities as affect those of their pursuasion . `` Resolved , That having in their endeavours to perform the duty imposed on them , most studiously avoided any infraction on the known laws and constitution of their country , they learned with equal surprise and indignation , that imputations have been cast on certain parts of their proceedings , calculated to render questionable their legality ; and in further pursuance thereof , that measures have been resorted to , and threats issued , which if persevered in must utterly destroy a right , one of the dearest to all British subjects , and to the Catholics of Ireland almost the only valuable one they enjoy , the right of Petition . `` Resolved , That not having received any appointment except of the nature and 306 that proposition : No such thing ! The first resolution relates to the publishing my correspondence with lord Ffrench . The second states , `` that this Committee has been appointed by an aggregate meeting of the Catholics of Ireland ; '' to do what ? to manage the affairs of the Catholics ? No ! — '' to prepare , and procure to be presented to parliament , on