considers an increase of circulating medium an evil , because it raises the prices of commodities , on which ground he disapproves of Banks in general ; while in another place he approves of one at Edinburgh , because it was a land-bank , which is undoubtedly the worst of any . At one time he says that an abundance of money is injurious to trade ; at another , that it is a stimulus to industry : at one time he deprecates the increase of currency ; at another he recommends the debasement , and consequent depreciation , of our coin to the extent of a penny in the shilling . Almost every writer since has taken a separate line , agreeing only that formerly received opinions were mistaken . Adam Smith , the highest of authorities in political economy , is doubtful whether an unfavourable exchange leads to the export of money . Lord King and Mr. Blake , men of distinguished ability , and Mr. Henry Thornton with the advantage of experience added to a cultivated understanding , are favourable to the resumption of cash payments by the Bank . Mr. Wheatly , supporting the same opinion , finds occasion to differ in other respects from all those writers , ( except Mr. Blake , who published after him , ) as well as from Locke , Davenant , and lord Liverpool . Under such circumstances as these , it would be inexcusable in me to enter into a contest on the theory of money in this House ; and it would be the more unpardonable , because the truth or fallacy of such theories do not , in my opinion , affect the present question . I am desirous of trying the positions of the Bullion Committee by the test of experience , to which they refer in general terms only . As the Committee have alleged that the 838 extraordinary rise in the market-price of gold here , coupled with a remarkable depression in our exchange with the continent , points to something in the state of our domestic currency as the cause of both appearances , let us go back to the earliest period of the accounts before us ; and put in the shape of a table the amount of Bank-notes in circulation , the price of gold , and the rate of exchange with Hamburgh , in order to discover how far the progressive increase of the first has had an influence on the other two . who wrote in the middle of the last century in support of Mr. Locke 's opinions , says , `` But the exportation of bullion is a certain sign of the exchange being really in favour of that country to which it is sent ; and the variations in the exchange point also the variations in the balance of trails ; though in general the rate of the exchange , at a particular time , is scarce sufficient for determining on which side the balance then turns . '' Our transactions in bullion with the continent are frequent ; and our supplies from thence occasionally great . My hon . friend supports his opinions by an observation , that if the exchange were affected by the balance of payments `` the long credits or protracted payments would regularly come round , whilst others were taking place ; so that , although different parts of the world are constantly indebted to this country , the aggregate amount of those debts can not , in the ordinary course of things , vary very materially . '' A satisfactory answer to which is , that the exchange was coming round in the beginning of 1809 , even in the then extraordinary state of things , till interrupted by acts of increased violence . The proceedings of the enemy which have been alluded to , threw it down to 31 ; and in July to 28 6 ; but in spite of these , payments came round , and in October 1810 it got up to 31 6 , notwithstanding Bank notes were increased from 17,397,000l . in January