could have gone on in this country without such a supply , the existing circulation would have been much less than it was at the present moment . But if for domestic purposes we had occasion for a circulation as large as the existing circulation , he then could not allow , situated as the country was in other respects , that the circulation ought to be diminished . He was prepared to expect that his hon . friend near him would admit that the circulation could not be excessive , as long as the paper circulated was immediately convertible into gold ; and , consequently , that there was no excess in our circulation before the suspension of 1066 the cash payments at the Bank . But although this was the opinion of his hon . friend , it was not the opinion of all the members of the Bullion Committee . The hon . gent . who commenced the discussion of that evening ( Mr. Parnell , ) contended that the circulation in the year 1707 , before the suspension of the cash payments at the Bank , was excessive , and that it was indispensable to reduce our present circulation below the circulation of that period . In his ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's ) opinion , however , any attempt to reduce the circulation , and still more lo reduce it below what it was in 1797 , would be productive of the greatest practical inconveniences . The advantages of a large circulation were the means which it afforded of invigorating agriculture , commerce , and manufactures . Adverting to some of the arguments of his hon . friend near him , he would suppose a case in answer to them . He would suppose a country , possessing a circulation of 60 millions , all in coin , to enter into a war—that this war should continue for four years—and that the expenditure of wealth beyond the balance of foreign trade should be ten millions annually—the circulation would thus be reduced to twenty millions . He would suppose that during the four years an issue of paper was made to the amount of ten millions . The country would therefore possess at the end of the four years war , a circulation ( composed of twenty millions of coin and ten millions of paper ) of 30 millions instead of 60 , as at the commencement . It was evident that but for the issue of paper this country would have possessed but 20 millions of circulation . According to the interpretation of the term `` excess , '' therefore , by his hon . friend , this supposed country would have an excess of ten millions . His hon . friend 's notion , therefore , of an excess was not always that it was an increase , but was compatible with the fact of a considerable decrease of circulation , even to a moiety.—This appeared to him to be rather a novel kind of argument . He certainly had not the least doubt , that if paper had not been issued , the currency of the country would not have been so large as it was . In that interpretation of the term , therefore , there was an excess of circulation , though for any thing that had been proved to the contrary , more gold had been taken out of the circulation since the year 1797 than paper had been introduced into it ; and this he really believed was 1067 the fact . The proposition came to this—whether , in the existing state of affairs , having proceeded for four or five years in a course generally considered as essential to the security and independence of the country , namely , the carrying on of the war by a foreign expenditure to a very considerable amount , it was advisable to supply the domestic deficiency in circulation , which that expenditure must occasion , by a-paper currency . This was a plain question of policy . Nothing could be more clear to his understanding than that if the