per cent . against us , it might have been insisted , that the time for administering such a remedy was past , and that the mischief was become too formidable for us to deal with . Was it not at least prudent to take the side of limitation ? He had no idea , that all that embarrassment would result from a moderate reduction of Bank paper , which some gentlemen might suppose . Let the whole subject be fairly understood , for much depended on the general-prevalence of sound opinions on 918 this question ; —let the contending parties yield a little to each other ; let it be known that the Bank proposes to do nothing sudden or violent ; that they are determined to guard carefully against extensive failures ; and to afford to the mercantile world reasonable facility for fulfilling the pecuniary engagements into which they might have already entered ; let it be seen through the country , that there was no party spirit , or heat in our discussions : he should in that case have little fear of disastrous consequences . If , on the other hand , the question was to be carried with a high hand , and there was to be a triumph of the Bank over the Bullion Committee ; if the Bank were to be encouraged in the extension of their issues for the sake of the temporary ease which these might afford to the merchants and to the government ; and we were resolved to shut our eyes to the remoter consequences ; the light might possibly , at length , break in upon us , as Mr. Burke , on another occasion , had observed , not through the ordinary apertures , but through flaws and breaches ; and we might then lament , too late , that we had not made timely efforts to restore the value of our currency . Gentlemen , he feared , had not sufficiently considered the present state of the law on this subject . A question was suspended , the decision of which was expected every day , and might lead to the establishment of two prices . We were , moreover at the mercy of events . Many persons seemed to think that there was no particular evil to be apprehended from perseverance in the present system ; and were unwilling to resort to a limitation of paper , because it was safer not to change our course : but they ought to reflect , that though a small depreciation of paper produces little or no evil , and even may , for a time , operate beneficially ; and though a great depreciation may not bring on at once any striking mischief ; yet the long continuance and the growth of it might lead to the most serious dangers . To the consequences of excess of quantity distrust might add itself : new laws might become necessary to enforce the receipt of the depreciated currency ; and in order that they might be effectual their severity must increase as the depreciation extended itself . This had been the course in other countries . At the same time , there probably would not be-wanting ill affected persons , who would ; endeavour to aggravate the evil and would 919 be glad to connect with the temporary discredit arising from the excess of our circulating paper , the discredit of the whole mass of our stocks , which had nothing to do with it . Surely it became the parliament to anticipate the possible occurrence of such a state of things , and not to wait the uncertain course of events , as if we had no power whatever to provide for our own safety , or contribute to the improvement of our condition . On these grounds he now supported the first set of the Resolutions of the learned gentleman , which affirmed the doctrine of a standard , and which recommended , as the means of expediting and insuring our return to it , a cautions restriction of the paper of the Bank of England .