motives were known and his intentions fully understood by the House . The act in question was passed at a period when certain societies were in existence , against which it was thought necessary to guard , by preventing their privately disseminating seditious writings . The act appeared to have been passed in a moment of hurry , as it went to punish not merely the guilty , but all connected with the trade of printing . All persons acting as printers , booksellers , & c. were obliged by this act to give not only their names and residence , but the minutest particulars relative to the place of their abode . A distinct penalty was incurred by every single hand-bill or pamphlet in which the most insignificant word relating thereto was omitted . However unintentional such omission might be proved to be , no discretion was given to the magistrates to decide according , to the peculiar merits of the 440 case , but they were directed to convict the printer , and cast him in the penalty of 20l . for every hand-bill or pamphlet so published ; and those parties , who in any case might think themselves aggrieved by such decisions , were not enabled to make an appeal from them at the quarter sessions . This , he thought , was felt to be the cause of evils which had not been anticipated by the House , at the time of the passing of the act . He did not mean to move that it should be repealed altogether ; and he should ground the motion he intended to submit to the House for explaining and amending the said act , on a statement of certain instances which had come to his knowledge , in which unfortunate persons had suffered great inconveniences , through the provisions of the act being such as he had described . The first case he should mention was that of an individual respecting whom information had been given , which subjected him to penalties amounting to more than the enormous sum of 100,000l . The hon . and learned gent , here read a passage from the evidence which had been given , in order to shew the House with what views such informations were preferred , and also to let them see how some persons had been entrapped into a violation of the law . From this it appeared that certain persons , knowing there were many numbers of an edition of the works of Cicero , commonly known by the name of the Elzevir edition , without title-pages , went about to different printers to get title-pages printed , under the pretence of wanting them to make the work complete . It was quite impossible to think that to these title-pages the address of the printer would be allowed to be affixed . One printer , however , more alive than the others to the provisions of the act , had put his name and place of abode on the title-pages he had thus been employed to print . This would not do , as it was obvious such title-pages were worse than useless , as they at once went to prove the work was not what it purported to be , the Elzevir edition . The others who were applied to in this manner , did not act with the same precaution , and in consequence penalties amounting to more than 100,000l . were incurred . The witness examined as to the fact , had , after stating the circumstances of the case , distinctly admitted that he had got them printed for the very purpose of giving information of the law having been violated . What was the consequence of all this ? The magistrate , not 441 being empowered by the act to exercise his own discretion in the case , and the party not being able to appeal at the quarter sessions , the former , to protect the individual , bad himself been obliged to violate the law . Now after this , he would ask if some alteration ought not to