respect to the second consideration , namely , the causes that produced it , it appeared pretty plainly that the whole had originated from over-extensive speculation to the ports of South America . These speculations in the export of merchandise failed in meeting a ready market ; and in many cases the commodities brought back in exchange could not be disposed of , owing to the market being overstocked at home . Such were the causes of the evil . It came next then to be considered whether the distress was of such an extent , and was attributable to such causes , as to make it wise and prudent for parliament to afford assistance . It might be observed generally upon this 330 12,835,803l . ; in the year ending the 5th part of the question , that the origin of the existing distresses—over-speculation , was not a good ground for such a measure . He would not dwell minutely on the demerit of that rash and inconsiderate conduct which had precipitated those who pursued it into misfortune ; 'but gentlemen would bear in mind that on the opening of the South American markets in the Brazils and elsewhere , to the adventures of British merchants , it could scarcely be with any justice complained of that they did not in the first instance foresee the exact result of their too extensive speculations . But whatever might , be the merit or demerit of those individuals , the consequences of their conduct had been severely felt by them . Parliament , even if disposed to be vindictive , could not abstain from granting relief to those persons , on the supposition that they had not suffered sufficiently for their errors . But it was not to them that the proposed relief would extend . `` They , '' to use the words of one of the witnesses , whose evidence was contained in the report of the Select Committee , `` had gone to bankruptcy long ago . '' It was to the evil endured by those upon whom the conduct of the original speculators operated , that the Select Committee recommended the application of a remedy . It now , therefore , only remained for him to consider , thirdly , whether the measure suggested in the report was calculated to remedy the existing and acknowledged evil . And he had no difficulty in admitting that there were many circumstances which marked a considerable difference between the present case and that of 1793 . In 1793 , the continental markets were not wholly shut ; they were only interrupted . The stagnation of trade was then purely temporary . Credit had , at that period , received a check , but it was a check which a little time would restore . At present the markets from which relief might be derived were twofold : South America for the disposal of our manufactures , and the European market for that of our foreign produce . The markets in the Western world had been stopped by a glut . A glut , however , was but a temporary suspension of demand . There was no difficulty in the access to those markets ; the only difficulty was in finding purchasers for the British manufactures exported thither ; and he trusted that at 331 no very distant period this difficulty would be removed . With respect to the markets of Europe , they were at the present moment closed against us by edicts of the greatest rigour . But experience had universally shewn that , after the adoption of commercial restrictions of great rigour , although they may be severely felt for a time , yet a practical relaxation soon ensaed . For his own part , he had no doubt that the ingenuity and exertions of the merchants , and the wants of the consumers , would ultimately find means to obviate , in a great degree , the difficulties and disadvantages at present existing . Therefore , although the present case was not exactly parallel to that of 1793 , yet no man could say that there was