, before bullion or cash , which with them is the same thing ; and bullion is never transported from one place to another , till the exchange is at a certain distance from par ; and this distance is again limited by the expence of transporting bullion , wherein is included , besides the freight , commission and insurance . `` * But the right hon . gent . has produced a fact to substantiate his reasoning . It * Part 1 , p. 126 . 1040 seems , that he has had a private examination of several of the witnesses , who came before the Bullion Committee ; and that one of them shewed him a calculation , by which it appeared , that the course of exchange was now at such a rate , that a profit of no less than 16 per cent , was to be made by the mere transport of gold to Paris . If this ever was for one moment the case , it is plain from the very nature of trade , that it could not last many days . A sufficient number of persons would soon avail themselves of this mode of making so large a profit , and so extra ordinary a state of things would soon cease to exist . The right hon . gent . in his zeal has proved too much , so much that no one can believe the statement he has made . There was no circumstance , that could more completely clear up all doubt as to the doctrine of the Committee in regard to exchange , both as to the cause of a permanent unfavourable exchange and the limit to fluctuation , which the transport ' of bullion established , than the state of things , as to exchange , between two places , both having the same circulating medium . For instance , Liverpool and London . Though a very great trade is carried on between these places , there is no such thing as a fluctuation of exchange between , them ; there is an exchange , but of a fixed kind , amounting to a charge for commission and interest on each bill that is negotiated , but this never varies . The reason is obvious ; in case of a scarcity of bills , a remittance may be made , by sending a bank-note by the post , at no other expence , but that of postage . So between London and Hamburgh , if there was a common currency there could be no fluctuation , and even without one , it can never exceed that limit , which the expence of remitting gold imposes ; for when Bills are scarce , bullion being a commodity al ways in demand at both places , a remittance may be made of it , as well as of a bank-note , for the expence only of trans porting it . Those who argue , that the present state of unfavourable exchanges may be accounted for by a balance of trade and payments , forget that the doc trine they adopt consists of two parts ' . For the balance will not only make exchange favourable or unfavourable , bat it will also in its operation make art ' ex change , that is unfavourable , favourable , and vice versa . The tendency of trade is always to bring back exchange to par ; if : it raises it very much above ' or below par , 1041 it makes it a matter of so much profit to restore it to its true level , that it is sure to come to it . But , those who now argue , that the present unfavourable exchange is owing to the balance of trade and payments , forget this counteracting quality of it ; and omit to observe that the permanency of an exchange at a rate much above par , is a state of things quite inconsistent with their own doctrine . This permanency , is , in fact , the test of the cause that is now operating on