of the ships should be proceeded against in the prize court , to save the expence necessarily attendant on proceeding against the other five . A great variety of claims were put in by different merchants , and some by persons residing in Silesia , Bohemia , Trieste , and Fiume . Much of the delay complained of was occasioned by the time taken up to investigate these several claims . A great deal of time had been so occupied . He believed the investigation commenced at about the end of the year 1799 , and the final adjudication of all claims took place on the 13th of May 1801 . The money was left to be distributed , and if the agents did not act properly , it was not the fault of the Admiralty Court , as they did not employ those agents . These persons were employed by the parties themselves , ' and with them the court had nothing to do . After the condemnation of the vessels , it so happened , that a great question arose among the gentlemen of the navy as to the persons entitled to the benefit . This was a question which could not run parallel with the other . It was of no use agitating this till the other was settled , and therefore both could not be decided at the same time . After much discussion and negociation , it was at last agreed to take the opinion of the proper court on the subject . An application was in consequence made to the Court of Admiralty , with an agreement that the decision in this case should determine all others ; the cause came on in the usual way , and in July 1803 , the court gave an opinion , but it did not sign its final judgment , though he strongly and distinctly expressed his sentiments on this ground . There was at that time another question respecting the blockading squadron off Cadiz , the circumstances of which were nearly the same , and the case altogether similar , before the Lords Commissioners of appeal . It was thought better for the parties to take the final decision from the Court of Appeal , rather than from the Court of Admiralty . In the 479 mean time , it was proposed that the money ( which had been all the time at interest ) , should be vested in Exchequer Bills . He did not know whether or not this was good advice , but he knew that it was most agreeable to all the parties concerned . The decision was in consequence referred to the Court of Appeal by universal consent . The case before them , was pending there for six years . On the face of this , it might appear that there were some grounds for arraigning the proceedings in that Court . This was not his opinion , but if such were the fact , the Admiralty Court had nothing to do with it ; but it had been the fate of that court , for some years past , to be frequently censured for that with which it had nothing to do . Last year there was a gallant officer , now he hoped better employed , both for his own credit and the service of the country , who had made certain charges against the Admiralty which had been repeated at taverns , coffee-houses , and alehouses . And what had those charges come to at last ? They had merely proved to have been founded on certain bargains made between the agents of the Crown , and the agents of private persons out of court , with which the Admiralty had no more to do than any-other court of justice had to do with any case that might be taken out of it by the consent of the parties concerned . With the delays which had occurred in the Court of Appeal , the Admiralty Court had no more to do , than the Court of King 's Bench had to do with the delays which might-occur