lord Wellington . As to the general observation that government ought to look to peace as the legitimate object of war , he certainly concurred in it ; and , as a general sentiment he hoped it was entertained as cordially by one set of men in that House as by another . But if the hon . gent . meant to say , that at the present period the country might reasonably expect an immediate termination of hostilities , then he must observe , that , looking to all the circumstances in which Great Britain and Europe were placed , he could not entertain such an expectation . Undoubtedly , the only rational object of any war was the honourable termination of it ; but that , under the circumstances to which he had already alluded , there appeared to be any great prospect of the probability of obtaining such a peace as might be at once useful and honourable to the country , was a statement of the truth to which he could by no means accede . explained . On the best consideration which he could give to the subject , he thought it most important that the British parliament should not shut their eyes to the true character and situation of the Sicilian government and people , that they should not pretend to believe that the government was not profligate , or the people not oppressed ; and that they should not pretend to believe , that to abstain from proclaiming these evils was the best way to correct them . He held it the bounden duty of a member of parliament when voting the public money for such purposes as the present , explicitly to state his sentiments . The right hon . gent . had been pleased to suppose , that he ( Mr. W. ) believed the recent events might lead to a speedy peace . He had said no such thing . At the same time he could not allow that to say the legitimate object of every war was peace , was a common-place observation , unworthy of being uttered , There were times when this nation appeared to lose sight of that object . In flamed to increasing hostility by the incitements of their rulers , it was not common place nor useless , to say to the people , `` Be moderate in the midst of your success . '' Whenever this country obtained any advantage in the contest , immoderate and enthusiastic anticipations were entertained of destroying the power of France , and of overturning the throne of the emperor of that nation . Whether , peace ' could , or could not , be obtained , he would ' not pretend to say ; but this he would say , that , until the trial was made , no one conld know what might be effected . The French government , under the pressure of necessity , might be induced to listen to propositions which they had before rejected . There had been many opportunities in the course of the war , when the Emperor of France might , in his opinion , have been successfully approached with overtures of peace . It might be a visionary prospect ; but he could not help thinking , that the present was a most auspicious moment ; and that it ought not to be allowed to pass without some pacific effort on the part of the British government . was of opinion , that notorious as was the state of the government in Sicily , it was wisdom and policy to urge on that government such a reformation as might be carried into execution without tumult , and as might convince the Sicilians that the British were the friends equally of the Sicilian government and of the Sicilian people . He regretted , that during the occupation of Sicily by British troops , no representation of the nature which he recommended had been made to the Sicilian government , either by our commanders or by our envoys . He should be happy were such a representation made and acceded