persuaded the House would feel that the hon . gent . had travelled the worst road possible . Having the fairest opportunity , by the manner in which his application had been received by the commander in chief , of redressing the supposed grievances of the unfortunate individual in question ( if he really wished that those grievances should be redressed ) , the hon . gent . had rejected that Opportunity , and thinking , erroneously , that the House of Commons was the proper place for the discussion of subjects of this nature , the result had been the speech which the House had that night heard . spoke briefly in explanation . He did not doubt the veracity of the noble lord opposite . He believed that he had given orders for admitting the counsel to the prisoner , but still the fact was as he had stated it to be , and he must observe there was a vast difference between giving orders and seeing those orders executed presented two petitions , one from a number of proprietors of bleach-greens in the north of Ireland , praying relief , and stating that their property had been exposed to a variety of depredations , and that the severity of the law making all such depredations , in every instance , a capital offence , they were deprived of the means of effectually preventing them . The second , from certain master calico printers in this country , making similar representations , and advising a repeal of the laws , enacting , that such offences should be considered felonies . Sir S. Romilly observed , that the first petition was signed by above 150 persons , all of the highest respectability , and that it comprehended the wishes of the greater part of that description of proprietors in the north of Ireland . There were now before the House , in support and illustration of those arguments which he had on former occasions pressed on their attention , with the view of altering and ameliorating the harsher enactments of our criminal code , not opinions drawn from speculative and theoretical reasonings , but the explicit declarations of experienced men , pointing out the inefficacy of laws made expressly for their protection . His second petition was not signed by so large a number of persons , but he could state that the signatures attached to it were those of a great majority of that class by whom it purported to be made . Having thus the direct evidence of such important witnesses , whom it was impossible to believe had been deceived by loose and visionary purposes , he gave notice that on Monday next he would move for the repeal of an Act of the 18 Geo . II . and an Act of 3 Geo . III . rendering stealing on bleaching grounds to the value of five shillings in one country , and of ten shillings in the other , felony without benefit of clergy.—The petitions were ordered to the on the table . rose , pursuant to notice , to propose a Resolution that might have the effect of counteracting the inconvenience to 107 which the House had been long subject , by the existing mode of arranging its business . As he did not wish that it should in any way affect the principle which had been considered by some gentlemen to be of great importance , namely , that of the privilege of every member to make a motion without any previous notice , if he should deem it incumbent on him to do so ; his object would simply be to give precedence to the orders of the day on certain fixed days , leaving the others entirely open . As it was equally the desire of both sides of the House to find out some means of expediting the necessary business of the session , he should propose , `` That in this present session of parliament all orders of the day set down in the order hook for Mondays , Wednesdays , and Fridays , shall be disposed of