public credit , and our means of carrying on the war , so often mentioned in this debate , are placed in the greatest danger by this system of paper money . A system which the right hon . gentleman , the prime minister of this country , does not controul ; which parliament does not controul , but which is entirely under the exclusive power and management of 24 merchants . A body most honourable and upright , as merchants , but not designed for such a trust . I will ask the Committee , whether it is wise or safe to leave the entire conduct of our currency in such hands ? whether , while it is so , we are not subject to a degree of danger , which can not be equalled by any possible evil which might follow from taking it from them ? whether in this great and powerful country , on whose prosperity and independence as a nation the happiness of so many millions is at stake , it is sound policy to shut our eyes against our misfortunes , and fear to embark in an attempt to conquer them ? said , that after the able speeches which had been already delivered on the subject , and the copious details into which gentlemen had entered , he should confine himself to a more general statement of the points upon which the question appeared to him to rest , He complimented the motives and the talents of the Committee whose Report was under consideration , and did not agree with those who thought the publication of it calculated to do evil . On the contrary , he thought it would tend to set the question at rest by calling forth the united wisdom of the House upon a matter of such importance . He agreed with his honourable colleague ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , that the question lay in a much narrower compass than was generally believed . The first point for consideration was , whether there was an over issue of Bank-paper ; the second , whether that `` ftp-issue had an effect upon the rate of 1052 exchange ; and the third , whether the remedy proposed was a proper one . He took a comparative view of the state of the country now , and when no complaint was made ; and said , that though the coin was depreciated in some degree , it was not depreciated to those who wished to go to market , but to those who wished to do an illegal act . No man refused to take a Bank-note and a shilling for a guinea . From the situation of trade at present , it was impossible to pay for the commodities of other countries by our own ; so that money must be sent abroad , and that must have a tendency to produce scarcity of specie , especially when connected with the rate of exchange . When he added to this our situation with respect to America , with whom alone trade was now open to us , he confessed his wonder was that a guinea should even shew itself . He quoted the authority of Locke , to shew that whenever the home consumption exceeded the export of commodities , guineas must go out of the country to pay its debts , whether they were melted down or not.—With regard to the third point , namely , the remedy proposed , he confessed he was more astonished by the Resolution containing it than by all the others . They were called on not to restrict the Bank ; but to let the river flow into its old channel ; but if that were done , could any man say that it would be possible to give any accommodation to the mercantile world ? Were this agreed to , the Bank could never purchase money to meet the return of notes in present circulation ; and they must therefore ( as given in evidence by Mr. Pearce ) call in their notes , and diminish the circulating medium . This would