for the purpose of diffusing throughout Ireland the flame which the Committee had raised in Dublin . The Irish government also received information of the mode in which the elections had been , and were to be , conducted . One main object , it appeared , was to secure secrecy ; and names were sent down from Dublin , of particular persons resident in that city , whom the Committee recommended to be returned as delegates from certain places ; and by this contrivance it was expected that a full attendance would always be secured . Such was the nature of the information received by the Irish government , and on that information they acted ! The right hon . and learned gent , has asked me repeatedly in a very pointed manner , whether , before I took upon myself to write the letter to the sheriffs and chief magistrates of Ireland , I had taken the opinion of the attorney and solicitor general of Ireland ? Sir , that right hon . and learned gent , once filled a high official situation in Ireland ; under the duke of Bedford 's administration the right hon . and learned gent , held the office of lord high chancellor ; and another right hon . gent. , who sits near him , filled , at the same time , the office of chief secretary to the lord lieutenant . Now , Sir , I will ask that right hon . and learned gent. , if at that period the government of Ireland had 296 received information similar to that which I have now communicated to the House , what he would have advised his friend , the chief secretary , to do ? Would he not have advised him to state the facts to the lord lieutenant , and to propose to the lord lieutenant to send for lord chancellor Ponsonby , for Mr. attorney general Plunket , and for Mr. solicitor general Bushe , for the . purpose of holding a cabinet council on the subject ? The right hon . and learned gent , assuredly ought , and I am persuaded would have done so . Sir , that was precisely the course which I adopted . Lord chancellor Ponsonby could not be sent for , because he was not in office , but lord chancellor Manners was summoned to attend the council . Mr. attorney general Plunket could not be summoned , for the same reason , but Mr. attorney general Saurin was . The solicitor general , Mr. Bushe , did not attend the council , because he was at that time absent in the country , attending a special commission ; but I have great satisfaction in stating , that upon his return to town , he approved , in the fullest manner , of every step which had been taken , and confirmed that opinion under his own hand . The right hon . and learned gent , knows lord Manners , and Mr. Saurin , and Mr. Bushe ; and knows the weight that is due to their opinions . I will not attempt to describe the characters of these great men , because I feel that I should not do justice to them . But it is the happiness of my life to be enabled to say , that throughout the whole of this transaction I did not take one single step , nay , I did not even write the letter to lord Ffrench , on which the right hon . and learned gent . has thought fit to comment , without the concurrence and full approbation of those great men . The very last words that lord Manners said to me , when I was quitting the Irish shore , were , `` I will never forgive you if you do I not make me prominent in this business . Let me have my full share of the responsibility . `` —At these meetings of the cabinet council in Dublin , the lord lieutenant presided . The right hon . and learned gent . has asked , why the