that publication between the Bank of England and the Mississippi scheme ; but the principles avowed by Mr. Law were the same as those adopted by the Bank of England . Here he read several passages from Mr. Law 's book , laying great stress on that passage , where Mr. Law laid it down as a principle , that `` few , if any , borrow money to lay by . '' His right hon . friend , in contradiction to an assertion in the Report , had stated on the authority of the Bank of England , that the standard price of gold was 4l . per ounce during 1809 and 1810 ; but what was the nature of the authority on which this statement resided r It was nothing more than a resolution of the Bank that they would not give more for it , but , though they might not chuse to give more , their determination could not regulate the rnarket price , and therefore could not be said to establish the standard . His right hon . friend had complained that the directors were not in all instances prepared for the questions put to them , and seemed to insinuate as if the Committee had taken them by surprise ; but so far from that being the case , he would assert in the most positive manner , that ample time was given for the consideration of every question ; and that in cases where the difficulty was in any degree perplexing , they were permitted to take the questions away in writing and answer them at some future time . So far he thought it right to state in justice to the Committee . As to the question itself , he thought it impossible 982 that things could continue much longer in their present state . Until , something effectual was done to regulate the coin of the country , the exportation of gold would continue to go on in spite of all the laws by which they would endeavour to confine it to this country . He would give his aid to any minister , for any severity which he might think necessary , to make the law effectual , if he could quote a single opinion to countenance the practicability of the experiment.— ( Hear ! ) —He would wish to ask , what was he to consider the criterion of the depreciation of paper , if it was not the difference between the paper currency and the standard coin ? If any person in that House , looking to the state of any other country , had said that this difference was not a proof of depreciation , would not all lift up their hands against the declaration , would they not inquire by what symptom or criterion were they to judge , if the state of exchange and the rate of interest , and the buying up of the coin , were not to be considered indications of a depreciated currency ? Upon this point he should refer to a paper which he held in his hand illustrative of the subject ; being the edict of a gracious sovereign upon the urgent pressure brought upon his people by a depreciated currency—an edict wrung from his paternal consideration by dire necessity only : every circumstance connected with which , and its publication proved it to have been resorted to with regret , and that every care and precaution had been taken to render this measure , which was a violation of public faith , as little injurious as possible . The edict he alluded to was that issued by the emperor of Austria , for reducing the public debt of that government to the extent of four fifths . By this edict it was provided , that for every 500 florins due , 100 should be paid to liquidate the debt . The edict , however , was accompanied by a table at the end , which had been prepared , shewing the rates at which the sums due on transactions between individuals should be liquidated ; in which rates