. If the Bank directors , on the advice of the Committee , should govern the amount of their issues by the state of foreign exchanges , I will venture to say the inevitable consequence would be most mischievous ; for instead of the discretion remaining in gentlemen acting under a , severe responsibility , and who have no personal interest to sway their judgment it would be transferred to the exchange merchants here and on the continent , who , connected with each other , as they would soon become in that stale of things , would affect the course of exchange at pleasure to answer their own purposes . Without making an invidious distinction between one set of men and another , I may be permitted to say it is more prudent to trust the direction in this case to gentlemen of whose conduct we have had long experience , than to others without responsibility , who would have a great and an immediate interest in abusing it . The Committee observe that , `` The Directors of the Bank of England , in the judgment of your Committee , have exercised the new 871 and extraordinary discretion reposed in them since 1797 with an integrity and a regard to the public interest , according to their conception of it , and indeed a degree of forbearance in turning it less to the profit of the Bank than it would easily have admitted of , that merit the continuance of that confidence which the public has so long and so justly felt in the integrity with which its affairs are directed , as well as in the unshaken stability and ample funds of that great establishment . '' But they add , `` that the recent policy of the Bank involves great practical errors , which it is of the utmost public importance to correct . '' This opinion , as to the policy , is in opposition to the sentiments of the most enlightened men upon subjects of this nature , and is an assumption contrary to the most tried experience . We come now to the fourth head of inquiry of the Committee ; whether there has been an issue of paper of the Bank of England , and of country Banks , greater than was called for under all the circumstances in which the country was placed ? Respecting the latter no remedy is proposed ; but the Committee observe that , `` It appears from the accounts laid before the Committee upon the Bank affairs in 1797 , that for several years previous to the year 1790 , the average amount of Banknotes in circulation was between ten and eleven millions ; hardly ever falling below nine millions , and not often exceeding to any great amount eleven millions . '' Here they have fallen into a mistake of no great importance . In July 1791 the amount was £ 1,343,000 1792 11,496,000 1793 12,713,000 The Committee then go on to say that the `` whole amount of Bank-notes in circulation , exclusive of 939,990l . of Bank Post bills , will be found on the average of the two returns of the 5th and 12th of May last , to be 14,136,610l . in notes of 5l . and upwards , and 6,173,380l . in notes under 5l . ; making the sum of 20,309,990l . and , including the Bank Post bills , the sum of 21,249,910l . ; '' observing , at the same time , that by far the most considerable part of this increase since 1798 , it is to be observed , has been in the article of small notes , part of which must be considered as having been introduced to supply the place of the specie which was deficient at the period of the suspension of cash payment . '' 872 And `` That with respect to the amount of commercial discounts , your Committee did not think it proper to require from the Directors of the Bank a disclosure of their absolute amount , being a part of their private transactions as a commercial company