could not be said to mean by that act to part with its discretion ; the spirit of the declaration was barely , that there should be but two Theatres at that particular time . In a short time after , a patent was granted to one Betterton , and this was followed , in some time , by the patent to Collier ; after which , in the reign of George I , another patent was granted to Rich . The right hon . gent , in the concluding part of his speech had attempted to throw some obloquy on the measure , because it had been rejected before ; but when the right hon . gent , stated that it was rejected by the privy council , he should have stated the ground upon which they did so . They did not say that another Theatre was not necessary , but merely that the mode in which it was proposed to carry it into effect , by incorporation , was an objectionable mode , as , in the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General , it would have given privileges to the New Theatre which would operate to the disadvantage of the old ones . It was probable that Drury-lane Theatre would never raise its head again ; but if a positive pledge could be given that it would , he believed that he could undertake to say the Bill would be withdrawn . said , that when anybody set up a claim to a legal monopoly , the best that could be done was to examine that claim . He had a great friendship for the right hon . gent . and for many connected with him , and he had great pity for those who had suffered by the destruction of Drury-lane Theatre ; but even , if he had no regard for his right hon . friend , the dignified manner in which he conducted himself on the night of that , calamity would have made him anxious that his loss should not be aggravated . The delay that had taken place in the rebuilding of that theatre , was caused in the manner already described , and he was happy to be able to state to the hon . gent . near hint , that being one of those who were occupied in examining the property , he had reason to know that Drury-lane theatre was likely to be restored . This investigation was not yet sufficiently advanced to enable him to state the time , but he would propose that the second reading should be put off to this day six weeks ; and if it was then made manifest 500 that it could be re-established , they might next session consider the question of prerogative , and the question whether the town was actually in want of a third theatre . With respect to the monopoly , he understood that a valuable consideration had been given in money for the patent of Drury-lane . The Hon . gent . had put the question on a fair footing , and , he believed , would not think it unfair in him to move as an amendment , that the word `` now '' be left out , for the purpose of introducing `` this day six weeks . '' said he should be sorry to oppose such a proposition , but he had not now the power to consult those persons at whose request he had brought in the Bill . said , that if there should be no other opportunity of bringing it in this session , he would be right in not yielding to the amendment ; but as that was not the case , he saw no ground for opposing it . said , that as the sense of the House appeared to be against him , he would not so far injure the cause of those for whom he acted , as to call for a division . in rising to move for the second reading of the Election Bribery Bill , deprecated the idea that this was