plenty . '' That such are the effects of repealing laws , in respect to unsettling opinions , and disturbing received ideas of guilt , is not matter of conjecture ; but was last year matter of general notoriety , when the Bills of my hon . and learned friend were under the consideration of parliament . Owing to a misapprehension , it had been imagined that the Bills had actually passed , and the speculators were immediately on the alert . Not the descrip- 620 tion of speculators who had urged or promoted the alteration which was supposed to have taken place : but the speculators , to whom the new system immediately applied . It was a matter of notoriety at every office of police , and to every person whose duty it was to keep his eye on such scenes and such characters , that there was as much activity , and as much expectation , and calculation , and preparation among these hopeful speculators , as some new operation of finance would have produced at Lloyd 's or on the Exchange , among speculators of still another description . Sir , it is this tendency , which the repealing existing laws has to unsettle the opinions of mankind , that has in all countries , and in all ages , produced a general indisposition to change systems , under which the society had for any length of time acted . 'Nolumus leges Angliœ mulari ' has been said in this country , not only without reprehension , but with applause . The sentiment , however , is general among mankind , except in times of occasional effervescence , when things are coveted because they are new ; their novelty alone being sufficient to recommend them . This sentiment may , of course , be carried to excess like all other valuable sentiments ; but its general tendency is most beneficial . To young , ardent , and inexperienced minds , this disposition of mankind to leave things as they are , seems very dull and very stupid ; and we all of us remember , that sanguine period of life full of hope and confidence , when there was scarcely any possible subject which we did not fancy we could improve by cutting and carving it according to our fancies . There is in young minds , a kind of astuteness in observing seeming imperfections , incongruities , and inconsistencies . They are good judges of approaches to ideal perfection on paper and parchment , or of departure from it . But it is long before they discover that every thing is referable to happiness : and that happiness is produced by-continuing to act even under imperfect systems , than by continually unsettling the opinions of mankind , and the maxims and rules of their life . The great and mighty art of wise nations has been not to change the system of their laws , according to every fluctuation , which time and the ever-moving scene of the world urge backward and forward continually , and without a pause ; but so to qualify and adapt these systems , to altered circumstances , as to preserve at once the sanctions which deter from evil , 621 and regulate the application of them according to the exigency of occasions . This course is the most beneficial to mankind . When laws have so operated as to have formed the manners and character of a people ( which is their true and most advantageous operation ) and the conduct of men habitually , and as it were unconsciously , conforms itself to their enactments , it would seem to the unthinking that such laws have become unnecessary , and might well be struck out of the code , as the sanctions are never enforced . But it has been found that the repeal of such sanctions , instead of accelerating the progress of society to a more improved state to which it was advancing , has a tendency , by disturbing received ideas , to arrest that progress , and by a re-action , to make men