he had mentioned an opportunity to disprove them . With regard , however , to the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Yorke ) , or the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) under the gallery , he did not mean to impute any blame to them ; because he could not possibly know whether they were guilty . But whether guilty or not , that would come out in the inquiry which he proposed to institute . To John lord Eldon , however , now as then Lord Chancellor , and to lord viscount Sidmouth , who was at that period at the head of his Majesty 's government , he thought , in his conscience , that the whole blame was justly imputable . This he was not only prepared to 61 assert , but to prove . Lord Eldon was Lord High Chancellor in 1801 , when a great and important political change was effected : he was also Lord High Chancellor in 1804 , when another important political change had also taken place—a change certainly not brought about in the same manner as that in 1801 , when Mr. Pitt , looking to the successor that was to replace him , contemplated the prospect of retaining all the political influence , if not the official power , from which he was professing to retire . The change in 1804 was of a very different description indeed . On that occasion the two great parties , which had been so long in opposition to each other in that House , had for some time acted in unison under the guidance of the two greatest political leaders that had ever distinguished themselves , upon any arena , in opposition to the government of that day . They took their stand upon one of the great measures of that administration , and mustered upon a division within fifty of the majority which supported the ministerial measure . Upon that symptom of his declining influence in that House , Mr. Addington thought it prudent to resign his office in a manner certainly not conformable to the fashion of more recent times , when ministers , after finding themselves repeatedly in minorities , still ventured to cling to office , and dared to retain their places . But the projected union did not take place . Mr. Pitt consented to come into office without the support of those with whom he was solicitous to co-operate . Lord Eldon , too , consented to accept office in that administration ; and thus , after many years of political hostility and contention , when the hopes of the nation were anxiously anticipating an union of the two great parties , under the auspices of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox , for the salvation of their common country , these fond expectations were frustrated by the acceptance of office , on a system of exclusion , by the administration of 1804 . During this anxious and critical period , lord Eldon was the only person who had access to his Majesty . Whether that noble lord exerted himself in the interviews he had with his sovereign , to promote the union so greatly desired by all classes , and by-no person , he believed , more than by Mr. Pitt himself , or not , it was impossible for him to know . That was a circumstance which must rest in the noble lord 's own bosom , as mall probability there had been 62 no witnesses present at any of these interviews . But he must admit , however , that that noble lord had not shewn himself so decided in his opinion upon the subject , as the right hon . gent . who was at that time Attorney-General . That right hon . gent . had thought proper to declare , that `` such an union would have been a disgrace to both Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox : that they could not , in case it had taken place , meet at a council without being ashamed of themselves ; '' and yet that right hon . gent .