common observation and opinion . And it is difficult to have stronger evidence of the general opinion , than the Appendix to the Report contains . One gentleman only , of whom ( as he is not named ) we know nothing more , than that he resides abroad , therefore has not had the means of forming his judgment on the spot , states an opinion , that , `` as he valued every thing by bullion ( a mode of valuation wholly different from that which we are now discussing ) , he conceived the paper currency of this country to be depreciated to the full extent of fifteen to twenty per cent . ; '' but that `` he never heard the solidity of the Bank of England doubted either at home or abroad ; '' while every cue of the other witnesses ( some of the most considerable bankers and merchants in England ) states most positively , that Banknotes are not depreciated . I do not refer to these testimonies as decisive of the fact , but as proof of a concurrence of opinion among persons extensively engaged in business . But I think we have something 932 like direct proof to offer , in contradiction of the fact of depreciation , and that of a very simple and very decisive nature . It is well known , that , as the law now stands , Bank-notes are not a legal tender . A person offering them in payment , it indeed protected from arrest upon mesne process ; but the creditor may refuse to accept them , and proceed to judgment and execution , either against his person or effects , until payment is obtained in lawful money . Now in nearly fourteen years that this law has subsisted , I know of no instance of such a proceeding . It may be said , that in small payments the expense and inconvenience of a law-suit would have exceeded the advantage . But this can not be said of large sums—large mortgages , for instance . A hint seems to be given me by a learned friend ( Mr. Morris ) , that some such instances will be produced . They have certainly escaped my inquiries , and , I think , must be few and obscure . But I should not allow any such instance to prove the depreciation of Bank-notes , without fully considering its circumstances . It may have taken place in transactions notoriously illegal , or connected with the clandestine exportation of coin ; it may have been the result of malice and vexation ; or it may have originated in mere caprice , perhaps in a wager or some such motive . Such a proceeding might indeed be considered as severe and oppressive . But is there no such thing as a rigorous creditor to be found ? Are men universally , and without exception , so scrupulous in enforcing their legal rights to the utmost ? But I will suppose they have been restrained by the fear of censure and of loss of reputation ; and I desire no better argument ; for in a matter , which , after all , is completely a question of opinion , to show that the general opinion and feeling of mankind is with us , is to gain the cause . Bank-notes , then , are established as equivalent to cash , not by law , but by the general concurrence and agreement of the nation ; while in other countries , the law has frequently attempted to fix a value upon paper currency , which opinion and practice refused to it . Accordingly , it is not even asserted , that any difference is made between cash and Bank-notes , in any bargain or transaction whatever . I know of no illegality in such bargain . A tradesman may lawfully say , `` The price of such an article 933 is six pounds , but I will take five guineas in gold ; the price of such another is one pound , but I will take seventeen shillings in