arguments therefore , which assumed to be derived from experience , were futile . He did not conceive that we could calculate on any vent for our goods , either in the North American , the European , or even ( except to a small extent ) in the South American markets . If , however , British manufactures should find purchasers in South America , what would be the return ? Precisely that produce of which our merchants already had more than they knew what to do with . It was childish policy to put off an evil which , when it did arrive , would consequently come with accumulated force . He made no doubt that the commissioners to be appointed under the act would be trust-worthy persons , and that they would not grant loans , except on the deposit of articles , which would be available to the public by sale , in the event of the incapacity of the borrowers to repay the sums advanced to them . Still , in that case , the public would be losers . Of course a considerable public loan would be soon to be raised ; and was it not evident that if exchequer bills to the amount of six millions were issued to prop commercial credit , the loan would necessarily 417 be made on terms comparatively disadvantageous ? He lamented that the right hon . gent . had brought forward this measure at all , and feeling as he did , that eventually it would be injurious as well to the individuals immediately concerned as to the country at large , he should take the sense of the House on the motion . declared , that a full consideration of the subject had induced him to change the opinion which he originally entertained . He was now convinced that the good to be derived from the proposed measure , would far outweigh the inconveniences that might attend upon it . He denied that all markets were shut against us . Many were yet open ; and there was still a great demand for certain articles of our home manufacture . But the capitals of our manufacturers were so locked up in the stock on hand , that they were not enabled to make the goods which were in demand . The markets of Martinique , Guadaloupe , St. Domingo , & c. were all open to us ; and the only consequence of an inconvenient nature was , that the returns were of an unproductive nature . By a change of policy , however , our returns might be rendered completely productive . If the United States persisted in enforcing the non-importation act with respect to us , we might adopt a similar measure with respect to them . At present we received indigoes , cotton , and tobacco , from the United States . If we encouraged the cultivation of these articles in the conquered colonies which we possessed , we might from them and from the Spanish colonies receive the indigoes , cotton , and tobacco , which we consumed at home , in lieu of the unproductive returns of coffee and sugar . He was satisfied that it would be of the utmost national importance , by granting a temporary relief to the merchant , to save him from being compelled to make the dreadful sacrifice of 40 , 50 , or 60 per cent . on his property ; and by granting temporary relief to the manufacturer , to render it unnecessary for him to discharge those whom he had hitherto employed , and to enable him to manufacture those goods which were still in demand . While he was speaking on this subject be could not avoid recommending the introduction into the Bill of a clause , by which no commissioner under the act should be allowed to receive any Exchequer Bills himself , or to become security for any other individual who might be disposed to receive them . 418 This he advised , not from any the least suspicion of improper conduct on the part of the commissioners ,