he thought calculated to shew how the case stood . He thought that elections ought to be free of expence ; but if expence must be incurred , it might , be suggested , be provided for by a rate on the city of Westminster . After a few words from Mr. P. Moore , Mr. Lockhart , and Mr. Lushington , the motion was agreed to , and the Committee appointed . The second reading of the Westminster Hustings Bill was postponed to this day fortnight . apologized for his preceding the noble earl ( Bathurst ) in offering a few observations to their lordships . But his age was such that he felt himself inadequate to take any part in discussion towards the close of a lengthened debate , and therefore he was induced to make a few remarks at this early period of the evening . Their lordships would perhaps allow he was entitled to considerable knowledge respecting the question under their consideration . The knowledge he possessed was founded upon careful investigation , and upon the experience of many years . It would be in the recollection of many who heard him , that the early period of his life was devoted to the duties of a military profession and the service of his country . Having resigned the command of his brigade to that excellent officer general O'Hara , he returned home and took possession of those estates which , with his title , descended to his inheritance . The persons whose principles had ever been consonant to his own were then in administration , but they remained in only a very short period , and upon the change 790 which followed he quitted the idea of any further appointment , and resolved on a retirement to the management of his landed property . It was then his determination to become an independent member of the community , and uniting that disposition with a study of the interests of agriculture , he endeavoured to form that character which it was always the pride and boast of his subsequent life to maintain . However , he found that his estates had been greatly neglected , that his farm-houses were gone to decay , and his tenants were in a worse situation than those of any neighbouring landlord . The land , notwithstanding , was as fine as any which could be found in the whole country , and only required the care of cultivation to make its produce equally advantageous . He immediately turned his attention towards its improvement , and the whole of his estate became more profitable . The rent , which had been 5s . an acre , was raised to 30s . ; and he recollected that considerable quantities of barley were produced , to the great advantage of his tenants . He took into his own hands a considerable portion of his park and other grounds , and he remarked that one year the produce of barley from a few acres was prodigiously great , being upwards of 100 sacks from eleven acres . Afterwards his tenants were never in arrear , and at this time he could say he had not a single tenant whose rent was in arrear . He thought every encouragement ought to be given to agriculture in this country , and on that principle he considered the present measure extremely objectionable . He believed it was not a-party question , and he was glad that the administration did not consider themselves called upon to use their political influence ; because , whenever that was the case , it was well known the decision might be anticipated . He should always be of the same opinion as to the impolicy of this measure ; and he entertained this sentiment in opposition to the system of Mr. Pitt . In France , the government attempted to lower the price of grain , a famine was the result , and a depreciation of the assignats took place at the same time ; and he would remind his Majesty 's ministers that a similar event might take place in this