must be prevented by punishment ; though the doer of the act , as far as his motives are concerned , may , in foro conscienti , be deserving of praise rather than punishment . Such person is not punished , because , according to the phrase which is so often misused and misapplied , he deserves punishment , but because it is necessary to prevent the sort of action which he has done . In no case whatever under the mere human code , is punishment , however slight , enjoined or inflicted , because the person doing the act deserves the punishment . But whenever the human tribunal , in the application of the legal code , by calling in the aid of the moral code , is able to adapt the degree of punishment to the moral guilt of the agent , it is very soothing and , consolatory to our minds . But , Sir , though human laws proceed from human necessities , human tribunals should be so constituted , as to be able to avail themselves abundantly of the aid of the moral code . And yet it is singular , that those who have speculated most upon the improvement of penal laws , should so far seem to forget the end and object of all laws , which is happiness , as to endeavour , by excluding discretion , and by antecedent definitions , to banish the moral code , and render the legal code all in all . This is indeed to enhance the evils of human laws , which , growing out of human necessities , depart from abstract ideas of justice . If a man is within the letter of the law , under their system , which vainly attempts prospectively to define every varied form and quality of each act , he must suffer the penalty . Nothing is entrusted to wise and good men . Even pardon is excluded from the theories of those speculators , who considering pardon as a dispensing with the law , would tear this jewel from the British crown . Under the British system , the human 628 law is qualified in its application by the moral law , so that it falls with severity on those only , who , morally speaking , are fit objects of it . Thus , human law and justice go hand in hand . The other system is founded ( as has been well observed ) in `` unenlightened presumption , '' and would , by its unskilful attempts to improve human laws , banish justice from human tribunals . There may be , indeed there must be , cases , in which human necessities must compel the moral code to depart from the human tribunal , and the dread sanction of the human law must be enforced on him , who , as a moral agent , may little deserve punishment . These are fearful contemplations , which oblige us to harden our hearts . Our reason approves , but our eyes weep . I have deep and trembling sensations on these subjects , but I can not express them . No image to my mind is so awful , as that of man sitting in judgment upon man . Though imperious necessity stares me in the face , and commands the dreadful duty to be performed , I still exclaim , who are we that we should judge one another ? I feel beat down and overcome by the sense of human infirmity , of human ignorance , and of our miserable , narrow , and imperfect views . Nothing supports me , nothing consoles me , but a trust in the other and mightier principles , in the other and mightier wisdom , in the other and mightier means , which govern the affairs of men . Sir , if the year which has passed over our heads , has encreased the motives of my honourable and learned friend to persevere , in again submitting his Bills to the consideration of the House , it has encreased also my conviction of their inexpediency