be useless to come to them with advertisements . They absolutely vilified their own profession , and warned the public against advertising . This had a certain effect : but an account would be presented in a few days , which would demonstrate that the advertisement duty was rapidly increasing . The next was a tax on . bills and receipts : but as the exact amount of its produce could not then be determined , the right hon . baronet should not have introduced it ; The reason which prevented the amount being stated was , that no separate account was kept in the Stamp-office . He was sure , however , that the tax would produce full as much as the sum at which it had been estimated . The Bank had compounded for the former duty for the sum of 5,000l . ; and , under the new tax , they had offered an increase of 2,000l . Looking to the real state of the case as to the finances of Ireland , it would merely appear that the revenue of last year was not so productive as heretofore : there certainly had been a considerable fall in the customs and revenue ; but it would be found that it did not arise from any cause connected with the general prosperity of the country . There had been no depression of manufactures ; no failure of the internal sources of revenue . It arose entirely from the state of the import trade . If the shutting of the ports of Europe against the trade of this country affected Ireland at present , it could not be called an inconvenience which hereafter might not be surmounted . The failure of the tax on wine should not be attributed to the badness of the measure itself , but to 431 the present situation of the wine countries , and to the state of commercial credit . The defalcation in the sum to be produced by the tax on tea , arose entirely from the cause just mentioned . The merchants of Ireland used to stock themselves with tea during the summer , but this had been checked by the slate of commercial credit . The demand , however , he was confident , would soon become brisker , and would not be at all affected by the increased duty . A small decrease had taken place in the duty on malt and hops . This duty varied every year , and the decrease in the present instance was easily accounted for : first , because the manufacturer was not so greatly stocked as in former years ; and secondly , because there was not so great a vent for the article as there had usually been.—The subject which next presented itself was more pleasing . If the exports of Ireland were examined , they would be found not to have decreased . If agriculture had been promoted , and exports were equal to any former year , the House must see reason to believe that Ireland was rapidly improving . From every view he had taken of this subject , Ireland appeared to be hourly increasing in prosperity . The balance of trade was in her favour , and , if there was a failure in the imports , it was rather a symptom that she kept her money at home , than that she had none to send abroad . In the year of the Union , the real value of her exports was 5,000,000l . in 1809 it was 11,000,000l . ; and this astonishing increase was not sudden , but regular and progressive . The exports of England , at the former period , amounted to 41,000,000l. , and they had now risen to 50,000,000l . So that Ireland , in that period , had more than doubled her exports ; while England increased only one-fifth . He was happy in having an opportunity of stating this to the British public , that they might learn to value rightly the resources of Ireland . It was fallacious to say , that she was in a ruined