a private in the county of Dublin Militia , and having refused to attend the Protestant Divine Service , was put into confinement , on which he presented a memorial to his commanding officer , complaining of the illegality of his imprisonment . This memorial being considered to be mutinous , he was brought to trial before a court martial , and sentenced to receive 500 lashes . This punishment was afterwards commuted for service in the West Indies , and he was actually arrived at the Isle of Wight on his way thither , when Dr . Troy obtained the order for his recal . This case then did fairly come under the consideration of the Committee—they conceived it one which , it appears by their debates , they thought ought to be mentioned in their petition , as a proof of a great grievance—and therefore the right hon . gent , fails in respect to this resolution , as well as to the former , in making out his charge against the Committee . But he says the Committee suffered a long period to elapse , that is , from August , when this case of the soldier was first known , till December , before it took any notice of it—from which he argues , that it was in December it began to assume a factious and seditious character ; but in this conclusion he is not borne out—the Committee having delayed to take notice of it , for the purpose of seeing whether the government would interfere , and having finally themselves interfered , only because they found that no redress was to come from the proper quarter . Then the right hon . gent , brings forward a third resolution of the Committee—a resolution giving its thanks to lord Donougbmore . It really can not be necessary to say any thing to induce the House to see this resolution in a very different light indeed to that in which it has been represented . Lord Donougbmore had conferred signal services on the Catholic body . He had a second time undertaken to present their petition , and it was quite just and natural that such a resolution of thanks should have been passed , to express the high opinion the Catholics entertained respecting him . But after the right hon . gent . had gone through these resolutions , and read so many extracts of speeches , he says the 313 moderation of the lord lieutenant passed all that by . It was not for them that he had recourse to the Convention Act , but because of the system of delegation promulgated in Mr. Hay 's letter . This admission of the right hon . gent . narrows the grounds exceedingly on which the conduct of the Catholics and of the Irish government is to be decided upon , and it conveys to the House a pretty clear proof that notwithstanding all the right hon . gent , had said respecting the speeches and resolutions of the Committee , he does not himself consider them as sufficient to justify the Irish government in calling it an unlawful assembly . The House , therefore , have this single point to determine , whether or not Mr. Hay 's circular letter did warrant the Irish government in issuing the letter of the right hon . gent ? and this letter must be judged of by its object . In order to bring the Committee under the Convention Act , it must be shewn that they were . a delegated body , meeting under the pretence of petitioning Parliament or addressing the King , but really intending sedition and to disturb the public peace . But the right hon . gent . has himself produced proof that Mr. Hay 's circular letter had no such intention . He has this night read a part of a speech of a member of the Committee , made when this letter was the subject of debate , in which the member says , that the object of increasing the number of the Committee was to be able to present an