There have not been less than 42 of these Informations filed in the course of the last three years , comprising upwards of seventy persons . And therefore , supposing no alteration had taken place in the law , the House would only do its duty in calling for these Papers . But the law has not remained the same—it has undergone a woful change for those who may happen to fall under the displeasure of the Attorney General . It is not the same law now , that it was three years ago . About that time the Learned Gentleman brought in a Bill to extend regulations lately enacted in cases of Informations for offences against the Revenue Laws to all other Informations . This Bill passed unnoticed through the House . It was introduced under some specious pretence of convenient regulation , and was quite unobserved . I share with others the blame of inattention to this Bill . It passed this House sub silentio , and , I believe , without having been ever printed . But in the House of Lords two noblemen exerted themselves against it , but I am sorry to say , unsuccessfully . The Bill was introduced as a mere matter of convenience—as a rule found advantageous in practice—a mere improvement on an Act of the 26th of the King , by which persons resisting the Revenue officers were ordered to find bail , or in default to be liable to be committed . The 559 offences stated in the act against the Revenue were serious , and required coercion . But the Attorney General brought in this Bill , whereby the practice was extended to all offences which he might think deserving of prosecution : and thus the liberty of the subject is put completely in the hands of the Attorney General , and every man holds his freedom at the will and pleasure of the Learned Gentleman opposite : who , if he should happen to be displeased with a person 's looks , or even his very dress , has only to use his power of filing an Information against him ex-officio , and then have him confined or held to bail ( which is a confinement ) at pleasure . ( Hear ! hear ! ) I do not mean to say that the Learned Gentleman has made any such arbitrary or improper use of this power ; but it is very evident that an unfair use may be made of it . This act was introduced for the purpose of ameliorating the law . If it has not been acted upon , it ought to be repealed as useless . But if it has been acted upon , and if the number of offences have increased under it , then it ought to be repealed as pernicious . Such , therefore , is the law as it now stands with respect to Informations filed by the Attorney General ex officio—such is the power in his hands , and such the means of harrassing and tormenting all his Majesty 's subjects . I have further to allege , that the present Attorney General has exercised this great power abusively and partially . Sir , I am not prepared to go the whole length of disputing the legality of these Informations in toto , but I much doubt their legality when exercised in the manner in which it is the fashion to use them at the present day . I will not rely on the obiter dictum of Lord Hale on this subject , because the existence and the meaning of that dictum is not admitted ; nor will I rely on the arguments of Mr. Dunning , Mr. Wedderburne , and Mr. Burke on the subject , who all in this House absolutely denied the existence of any right in the Attorney General to file these Informations : at the same time , I must say , that when I see such grave and great authorities on that side the question , and when I see a minority of 78 Members of this House , on a division