Was there no French party there ? Were British armies never before betrayed till the battle of Barrosa ? He said betrayed , for it was nothing less : the two battalions never came up till our army had repulsed the French , beaten them off , and was in hot pursuit of them as fast as our army could pursue—as fast as their exhausted limbs could carry their noble hearts ! then what had been our allies—at Talavera nothing—at Barrosa nothing—or rather at both , perhaps worse than nothing : the history of Barrosa was not yet told—a mystery hung about it . The allied force sailed from Cadiz—the British fought—the Spaniards looked on . The British conquered : and yet the siege was not raised . Again he asked , was all sound at Cadiz ? Was it true that general Graham had been obstructed and toiled in all his plans—that in the midst of the fight , while the British troops were doing feats which perhaps British troops alone could do , their allies were doing what , he hoped , such men alone were capable of—plundering the British baggage ? Was this true ? It was not the Spanish people he complained of ; he gave them every credit ; but he gave their leaders none . If all this was so , or nearly so , were the British armies to be risked so worthlessly ? Were they to be abandoned to treachery or cowardice ? For in either or both must have originated the unnatural , ungrateful and infamous treatment they had met with . wished to be understood not as being the panegyrist of the Spanish general , but as wishing to prevent a sentence of condemnation being prematurely passed . As the Cortes had taken up the subject ( and this he could state to the House ) , he thought they ought 679 to suspend their judgment . He begged to be understood not to say that gen. Graham had exercised his discretion improperly , but he thought the experience of the past might make him act differently in a similar situation , and furnish a reason for indisposition to join in any enterprise that might be proposed . An army at Cadiz , he contended , was not , under such circumstances , worse than useless , as experience had proved . went over the circumstances connected with the battle of Barrosa . He detailed the events of that memorable day , from which , he contended , there were strong grounds for suspecting the Spanish general not of indifference , but of treachery . The military genius and presence of mind of general Graham , had alone saved the English army from destruction . The Spanish force was never more than four miles distant from the scene of action , yet it made no effort to take a part in it . The cold-bloodedness of the Spaniards , the removal of the two battalions which occupied the heights of Barrosa , combined with all the other circumstances , proved a something more than cowardice , and clearly demonstrated the existence of treachery . In all the battles fought in the peninsula we had gained abundant glory ; but as no solid good could be derived from our continued exertions , he wished the Committee to consider well the nature of the vote they were called upon to give . thought the accusations thrown out against the Spanish government were hard preferred at a time when they were labouring to correct the faults in their constitution . Putting out of consideration the efforts which Spain had made at various times , he thought there was something in her exertions to remove the defects of which we complained , that entitled her to our assistance . He did not think the complete salvation of Spain was to be expected from the proceedings of the Guerrillas ; still it was something to find in every province a band of men , who relinquishing their ordinary occupation , ranged the country in every direction in search of the enemy . With respect to