, and concluded with a motion declaring it to be so . doubted whether the noble earl had succeeded in convincing any noble lord in . that House that the letter was a violation of the law . He said the object of the Convention Act was well known . It might be a question , however , whether even at common law such an assembly of delegates would not be illegal . It was the uniform course of parliamentary proceedings for instance , that no petition should be received , except from the individuals , subscribing it , or from corporate bodies ; and though sometimes petitions of an opposite description were received , yet it proceeded merely from inadvertency . That principle was recognized on a late occasion , when a Petition from the Livery of London was presented , signed by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen , who not being authorized to represent the Livery , the Petition was refused . On looking to the preamble of the act of the 33d of the king , the object of the act would be found very clearly expressed ; and though the noble earl had attempted to draw a distinction between managers and delegates , the name under which these delegates were elected , was of very inconsiderable importance , : if they were delegates in substance . They were guilty of a contravention of the act of parliament in every fair view of that . act . When Circular Letters were sent to the different counties of Ireland , for the purpose of procuring representatives to sit in the Catholic Committee , no man could doubt that this was a contravention of the Convention Act . It had been asked if the Committee was illegal , why was it allowed so long to continue its sittings ? He had no doubt that from the moment representatives began to sit in the Committee , it was an illegal meeting , but it might not be expedient to put the law in execution on every violation of it . He saw no ground for the motion of the noble earl . wished to recall the attention of the House to the real state of the question . The question at issue was not whether the meeting in Dublin was legal or illegal , or whether the electing of managers was legal or illegal , but whether the mode of proceeding pointed out in the letter of 696 Mr. Secretary Pole , was a legal mode of proceeding . It . certainly was a presumption in favour of his noble friend 's motion , that the noble Secretary , whose perspicuity and distinctness were well known , had not said a single word in favour of the legality of Mr . Pole 's letter . Supposing government would not recognize the legality of the Petition of the livery of London , did it therefore follow , that those who signed it were guilty of an illegal act , and could be held to bail for it ? Mr . Pole had done what by the Convention Act he was not authorised to do . Admitting that those who assembled in consequence of Mr. Hay 's letter were guilty of a misdemeanor , was the Irish Secretary authorized to issue such a letter as he had issued ? It was with reluctance that he brought himself to censure the conduct of the Irish government ; for he considered the noble person at the head of that government , to whom he had the hononr of being related , to have conducted himself with great moderation and prudence ; and for one he was willing to pay him his tribute of gratitude.—His objections to the letter were of two sorts : first , Mr . Pole had deduced consequences from the 33d of the king , which he was not justified in deducing . Secondly , The offence against which his letter was directed was not the offence specified in the Convention Act . The noble lord then proceeded to comment upon the act of the 33d of the king , and