. I did at the same time dissuade them from preferring their Petition , because it could not then have been successful , but would probably ruin the administration.— ( Hear , hear ! ) I knew that it would furnish a pretext to those who were lying in wait for it , to raise a cry that should have the effect of overturning the ministry of that day . ( Hear , hear ! ) Let the right hon . gent , inquire into the circumstances of this statement , and discover whether it be correct . I thought then , and I think still , that the Catholics , if well advised , and pursuing temperate measures with firmness and perseverance , must ultimately succeed.—Having , Sir , said thus much , I shall now conclude , by reminding the right hon . gentlemen opposite , that if they are confident in the justice of their case , they can not refuse further information to the House , since in that case , the necessary effect of such information will be to establish at once their own triumph and our overthrow . moved the order of the day for going into a Committee on the Acts respecting the Distilleries of Great Britain . In the Committee : the right hon . gentleman observed , that having the other day explained , as be trusted , to the satisfaction of the House , the principles upon which he was desirous of placing the duties derived to the revenue from the distillation of spirits from grain or sugar , he should now state the reasons which induced him to bring under the consideration of parliament an attempt to equalise the competition in bringing to market either of those commodities . It appeared to him , that , in attempting to introduce the measure which he was about to notice , he should afford equal inducement to the manufacturers of both articles to bring them to market . The measure would not be of long continuance , though he entertained 322 a hope that it might be permanent . At present , however , it was not his intention that the extension of the time of its operation should be beyond the period of two years . The right hon . gentleman then staled , that former Acts on this subject had in their provisions given to one species of commodity a decided preference over the other , so that the distiller was induced to select that for his use which would afford him the most decided profit . By the operation of the present measure that preference would be avoided , and to show that the competition and equalization would be fair , he entered into a minute detail of the duties arising from the distilleries , and , upon a comparison with the distillation from sugar and from grain , he was convinced that the consumer Would have the article distilled at the same price . In the event of the distillation going on from grain , there would be no more increase of duty to the revenue than at present from the use of sugar , before the suspension of the distillation from the former article was put ill force . The considerations , therefore , for the House to attend to were , whether the price of the article sold would , in consequence of the proposed competition , be so high as to endanger the revenue ; and of this the House had the experience of last year to the contrary . The next consideration was , whether the rates of duty were such as would bring fairly into the market the two articles of competition , so that both might be kept at a price sufficiently high to remunerate the grower . This was the principle of the measure . The duties on grain were at the time of the suspension 2,061,817l . and now they are upwards of 380,000l . more . So that the increase had been very great since the suspension . The right hon . gentleman declared , that a strong