, was for a moment considered , it must be deemed an object of sound policy , to give that advantage 794 to our own distressed colonists instead of giving it to the farmers of France . This was the ground upon which the Bill was founded . When the barley here had reached 33s . per quarter , it was known that by the existing laws importation was permitted , and the foreign farmer was let into the market . Surely then it was not too much to ask for our own West India colonist to be let into the market with sugar for the distilleries when barley had reached the price of 38s per quarter . contended that this argument was founded in a fallacy ; that the fact was , that it would not pay the foreign farmer to import barley here at 33s . ; that he could not do it under 50s and that therefore at 38s the competition would not be between the West India colonist and the foreign farmer , but between the sugar grower and our own farmers . This he maintained was giving an undue advantage to the sugar grower , to the great injury of our own agriculture ; and that the whole scope and tendency of the Bill was evidently to increase that advantage to the sugar grower . admitted , that if the contest was between the interests of the West India Colonists and the Agricultural interests of the country , that the former must give way ; but here there was no such question , all that was asked was , to let in the West India Colonist in competition with the foreign farmer , the interests of our own farmer being completely pro vided for . It was shewn that neither the growth of barley nor the quantity of malt had been diminished by former prohibitions , but on the contrary , that they had increased ; and therefore , there was no ground for supposing that the present measure would have the least effect in diminishing the growth of barley . urged , that from the nature of the provisions of the Bill , a bounty was in fact given on the use of sugar in the distilleries to the exclusion of our own bailey , and to the vital injury of the real interests of the country , by lessening the demand , and consequently diminishing the supply of food at a time when it was more than ever necessary to increase our internal resources . He could not conceive any thing more injurious than this intermeddling species of policy , interfering with and diverting the regular course of nature , and affecting to regulate by an imaginary rule the prices of articles which ought to be left to find their own level . moved the third reading of the Bills for building a bridge near the Three Cranes Wharf , at the bottom of Queen-street , Cheapside . opposed the Bill , on the ; ground that there are already three bridges on the river near the metropolis ; that the consequence of another bridge ; so near that of London , would affect the navigation of the river by causing too great a current ; and that in point of necessity it was not called for by the public . also opposed it . supported the Bill . He did not think that there was any thing , in the objections of the worthy aldermen who had preceded him , certainly nothing to outweigh the one fact he could state to , the House , which was , that Mr. Rennie , a man of the first experience and authority in his profession , after a minute examination of London Bridge , had declared it formally as his opinion that London Bridge , after one hard frost , might not last a year . As to the corporation of London not being treated with respect by the projectors of this Bill , if this was the case , he was sorry that it was so ; but still he contended , that