. Passing over therefore the previous details , he at once should come to the 5th of March . The allied army had gained the heights of Barrosa at 12 o'clock on that day , after a most fatiguing march of more than 19 miles , and after having been 16 hours under arms . He thought it necessary to state this , as in consequence of such fatigue , the hardships they had to encounter were the more formidable , and the difficulties which they had to surmount had been increased by their having been bewildered on their way , and misled by their guides . A successful attack had been made by a Spanish army under general Lardizabel , on the rear of the enemy , near Santi Petri , a place about four miles distant from where our army was at that time . It was then thought by the Spanish general ( general La Pena ) , that it was necessary to strengthen the position near the river ; and in consequence general Graham was directed to march from Barrosa , through a wood , to Torre de Bermesa , about half way between Barrosa and the Santi Petri river . General Graham accordingly commenced his march towards that place.—Having marched about half way through the wood ( a march of considerable difficulty ) , he learned that the enemy was in force in his rear and on his right flank , approaching to attack him from the heights of Barrosa , which he had just quitted . 541 The post of Barrosa he had thought was sufficiently defended at the time he had left it , but on receiving this information he immediately counter-marched to support the force which had been left there , and which he had supposed capable of making head against the enemy . When , however , he arrived there , he found the enemy had made an impression , and obliged the troops stationed there to give way . He then perceived the enemy with a force at least double his own in number , ranged upon the heights most conveniently for themselves , and most inconveniently for him . His columns were broken , and his troops somewhat disordered by surprise , and the difficulties which opposed their march through the wood . Placed in this trying situation , General Graham had not been dubious how to act . He did not appear to have had any hesitation . The resources of his mind were equal to the emergency of the case . Without pausing on the subject , he resolved on attacking the enemy . He immediately arranged his artillery , which he placed under the direction of major Duncan . The cannon was brought forward , and a destructive fire was opened on the enemy . He formed his line as well as he could , and the right wing proceeded to attack the division of the French army under the command of general Rufin . The enemy were represented as confidently advancing with great eagerness to the battle , but the troops with whom they had to engage were worthy the general by whom they were commanded , and proved themselves as competent to execute as he was to plan . Their painful marches , their wants , and all their past toils were forgotten—no calculations of the dangers they had to encounter—no considerations of the difference between the two armies palsied their energies for a moment . They immediately made a vigorous attack on the right and left wings of the enemy , and scarcely was that attack made , before success began to shew itself on the side of the English . They had hardly opposed to the enemy what may be truly called `` the British weapon , '' the bayonet , when victory appeared certain ; and in less than an hour , the triumph was complete . Within the short space of an hour and a half from the commencement of the action , the enemy , unable longer to dispute the field , were in full retreat . The English