It certainly left the power of filing Information to the Attorney General . There is an express exception in the act in his favour . This , I conceive , is decisive on the one hand of the legality of the proceeding ; but on the other , of the improper and vexatious use of it . The object was to put a stop to vexatious Informations ; but the legislature never could conceive that a person in the high situation of an Attorney General would use this power for the purpose of vexation , and therefore left it him in order to meet the cases pointed out by Blackstone . Again , Sir , in the time of queen Elizabeth an act was passed against compounding Informations , and in this act too , the Attorney General is exempted . 563 from the provisions of the act , and surely for the same reason . Blackstone , speaking of this last mentioned act , says , `` The compounding of Informations upon penal statutes are an offence of an equivalent nature in criminal causes ; and are besides an additional misdemeanor against public justice , by contributing to make the laws odious to the people ; at once therefore to discourage malicious Informers , and to provide that offences when once discovered , should be duly prosecuted , it is enacted , that if any person informing , under pretence of any penal law , makes any composition without leave of the court , or takes any money or promise from the defendant to excuse him ( which demonstrates his intent in commencing the prosecution to be merely to serve his own ends and not for the public good ) he shall forfeit 10l . shall stand two hours in the pillory , and shall be for ever disabled to sue on any popular or penal statute . '' Now I leave it to the House to judge , whether prosecutions taken up and dropped as I have described , have not been productive of vexation on the one hand , and whether there is not good ground to suspect that they have been most improperly compounded on the other . When the present Chancellor of the Exchequer was Attorney-General , a public writer , a Mr. Peltier , was convicted of a Libel on Buonaparté , and the war soon after breaking out , he was never brought up to judgment ; and since that time he has never ceased to be a zealous writer on the side of government . I beg to be understood as not saying that he ought to have been sentenced , or that he ought to have been proceeded against at all . But certainly in this case , there is reason to suspect that there was an understanding and compounding of the information . And , Sir , it will be found that those who have suffered from the severity of this power , have been persons who have written against that administration of which the learned gentleman himself forms a part . The power has been used for influence , and has not been directed against those who take the part of administration , although it is very evident that they have as few restraints from a feeling of decency and propriety as the writers on the opposite side . Upon what principle of justice , Sir , should the vigilance of the Attorney General be only directed against one party ? The learned gentleman , on coming into office , found au information 564 by his predecessor against the proprietor of the Morning Post for a publication tending to create a mutiny among the troops that were then embarking for foreign service . This , if any thing could be , appeared to be a case that called for the vigilance of the Attorney General , as the mischief might have been instantaneous and most serious . But notwithstanding this the learned gentleman opposite entered a Noli Prosequi on the prosecution , and gave as his reason , what was probably a sufficient one , that the printer had