occasion to prevent the meeting of a congress at Athlone , having , as had been alledged , these objects in view . Did the right hon . gent . then mean to say that any such object was to be imputed to the Catholic Committee , the assembly against which the Act was now enforced ? He maintained that the right hon . gent . had not dared to state the facts correctly . Would he say that the object of this assembly was not to petition—but to put down the parliament and redress their own grievances ? Did he mean to say that it held any communication with France ? No—he could not lay any such thing to their charge . Their object was clear ; they met in order to prepare a petition for the redress of their grievances . In this their design was to refute the assertions of those who had maintained that the majority of the Catholics did not desire emancipation . They wished , as far as possible , to collect the unanimous sense of the Catholic body , to shew the fallacy of such improbable statements . The law therefore had by this act been violated—a law , however , which ought to be repealed as soon as possible , and he intended to give immediate notice of a motion to that effect . No , difficulty to petition existed in this country , which comparatively was possessed of every blessing . Why then should the difficulty exist in Ireland , where there were so many grievances , and where the exercise of the right to petition 52 was so much the more necessary ? But even if the law did apply , he did not think that under the circumstances it ought to have been put in execution . If Ireland was in a state so disturbed , notice ought to have been given to the government here—and if they had notice here , then they were most culpable in not having stated this in the speech from the throne , of which the agitations of Ireland ought to have been the most prominent feature . If disturbances existed in Ireland without the knowledge of ministers , their ignorance was criminal . He concluded by deprecating the dangerous tendency of the system pursued by the minister , who came down with the speech to the House at the opening at every session , studiously abstaining from giving any thing like an accurate view of the state of Ireland , and represented this conduct as directly opposite to his duty . admitted the justness of all the encomiums upon the Irish out of their own country , but still maintained that they had been in rebellion against us . said , he would have strictly confined himself to a few words on the subject then before the House , if it had not been for what had fallen from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . That right hon . gentleman had said , it was most unfortunate that Irish business was always brought forward in a tone and temper rather calculated to irritate the feelings of the people of Ireland , than to produce any beneficial effect . Now , he denied the justice and the truth of that assertion . He did not wish to make use of any harsh expression , but he must say that such an assertion could only have arisen from an ignorance of the subject . If the feelings of the Irish people were irritated , it was not occasioned by any thing which had been said in that House . Were the people of that country so stupid as not to feel their misfortunes until they were told of them ? He was astonished at such a remark . So lately as the 20th of June last , the commissioners in their speech , had said— '' His Majesty was sorry that the pressure of the times had rendered it necessary that some addition should be made to the burdens of Ireland—but that they were so judiciously , chosen , as