relieved by the measure . A right hon . bart . had stated what would in his opinion be the operation of it upon general credit . It was true , that in the former instance the writ of extent was unlimited , but it might be limited now if deemed expedient . The effect it would produce , he thought , must be to make the friends of the party more cautious of coming forward , unless he could give sufficient security in available property . There were now in the warehouses double the quantity of articles that were lodged in them the year before , and these were not merely applicable to the foreign market , but to the home one also , He differed in opinion from those who thought that by removing the Orders in Council they would open a market on the continent . It was not owing to the Orders in Council that the markets were closed , but to the Decrees of the enemy . He contended , that the Orders in Council , so far from being objectionable , had answered the purpose for which they were intended , by driving the tyrant of the continent to such an extremity as to burn all British commodities ; an act by which he destroyed more of the property of his own subjects than of the British merchants . They had driven him to such an act as might afford a chance of ridding the world of its oppressor . He agreed with the hon . gentleman , that if he found he had been wrong , it would not be undignified to change his conduct ; but he would beg of 350 that hon . gent , to keep his mind open , when he should come to the question , and be cautious of adopting it as a certainty , that the repeal of the Orders in Council was all the Americans wanted . He was : glad the House was inclined to agree to his proposition in the present stage , and declared his determination to change his conduct , if in the progress of the measure he saw any ground for so doing . said , that the right hon . gentleman had made some imprudent insinuations with regard to America , which he hoped would not shut gentlemen 's minds to the case when it was brought before them ; he hoped that if America did make any other demands than those which were generally understood , the right hon . gent . would have no objection to accede to his motion for papers . said , that he would agree to his motion if he brought it forward at a time when , consistently with the public interests of the country , they could be granted . He had no objection to repeat what he thought neither improper nor un can did ; that gentlemen should not run away with the impression that the repeal of the Orders in Council was all that was required by America. , He did not go on to say that there was no hope of accommodating these differences , for he had every reason to hope the contrary . said , he was relieved , from the impression made upon him at first , by the different tone and manner of , the right hon . gent. , now therefore he should content himself with repeating his former questions , as to the objects in dispute between the two governments . After some further conversation between Mr. Canning , Mr. Ponsonby , and Mr. Rose , the Resolution was agreed to with out a division . rose , pursuant to notice , to move a clause relative to Catholic soldiers . He did not do so with a view of imputing-any blame to ministers ; on the contrary , he was ready to give great praise to the Irish government , for the orders lately issued by the commander of the forces , to prevent commanding officers from compelling Roman Catholics to attend the Protestant divine service . He wished to render