, he applied to the court for time to procure counsel , when the court adjourned to one o'clock : and on its being re-assembled , the judge advocate offered to the counsel the proceedings for his perusal . The hon . baronet had said , that the man was entrapped into a trial for one offence , when he was prepared to expect the trial for another . The fact was , that on the 4th of July a list of the charges had been given to the prisoner ; on the 6th the court met , when he was called upon for a list of his witnesses ; and even on the 7th and 8th he called fresh witnesses . With respect to the charge of in timidation of witnesses by serjeant Cox , as stated by the hon . gent . if any such thing had taken place , it must have been mentioned in the defence ; and yet not one word was said of it on the trial . If there was any thing to be remedied , the commander 103 in chief bad offered to have the matter inquired into . The course proposed by the hon . member was therefore not the only means of investigation . He returned thanks to the House for its attention , and should vote against the motion . knew both the unfortunate man and his father , they being both his constituents . The impassion upon the mind of this man 's family was not that he had been treated with severity . He had received a letter from the father of the man , begging him to apply , not for a revision of his sentence , but for mercy . He had written upon the subject to the dukes of Kent and Cumberland , and made application to the magistrates , who humanely exerted themselves to obtain the execution of justice in mercy . The father of this man knew nothing of the motion of the hon . gent . The speech of the hon . gent . was deserving of the severest criticism . If popularity was the object of the hon . member , he would recommend to him to court it by other means , by means which , as lord Mansfield well observed , would make popularity follow him , instead of his pursuing popularity . , after the extremely able manner in which his hon . and learned friend near him had acquitted himself , in the clear and explicit statement which he had made to the House , should not think it necessary to obtrude himself long upon their attention . There was only one part of the subject in which his hon . and learned friend had been deficient . His hon . and learned friend had failed in doing that full justice which was due to the conduct of sir David Dundas , and to the manner in which the hon . gent . abstained from any notice of that conduct . It was impossible for him to suppose that the hon . gent . sought out this subject for the purpose of making mischievous and inflammatory harangues . In justice to that hon . gentleman , he was bound to suppose , that having received information of facts which he conceived were founded in injustice , he was desirous of obtaining redress for the oppressed individual . Now , the House of Commons had explicitly declared by its usage , that all such questions of . a military nature should not be discussed within its walls , unless justice were departed from elsewhere . Under the impression pf this sentiment , he would trespass on the patience of the House , while he apprised them of the opportunities which the hon . gent . had enjoyed from the commander 104 in chief , of laying the case before him , and of the temper with which his representations had been received by sir D. Dundas . It was due to the character of sir D. Dundas , and to the army , that the public should