an armed body should become deliberative . After some further observations , he concluded with moving , That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the state of his Majesty 's Land-Forces so far as relates to the distribution of money granted by parliament for the pay and allowances thereof . supported the motion . It was matter of general observation amongst foreign courts , that a country so wealthy as this was should place her military establishment , as far at least as related to captains in the army , upon an establishment comparatively so low . said , he felt as strongly as the gallant general himself for the comfort and convenience of the English army . He was sure they deserved well of their country upon all occasions , but at the 703 present moment , in particular , they had proved a claim to its regard which should not be met with any parsimonious or illiberal feeling . The situation , however , in which he stood was far from a gracious one ; obliged to resist a proposition which was considered favourable to those upon whose behalf it was made , he felt that his situation was one of difficulty and embarrassment . He acquitted the gallant general of seeking popularity by the motion , or pursuing any other object than his duty in bringing it forward ; but at the same time be could not help regretting that he bad thought proper to do so . He was sure that the good sense of the officers of the army would give full credit to the House and to his Majesty 's ministers for deciding upon a full and impartial consideration of the subject . He would not follow the gallant general in the statement he had given of the pay of the army , nor was he inclined to agree in all the conclusions drawn from that statement . The income tax was certainly a reduction , but the gallant general himself allowed that they should not be exempted from it ; and in so allowing , had overthrown a great part of the argument upon which he rested his case . There was a material distinction to be observed between the pay of the soldier and the pay of the officer ; that of the soldier was intended to supply him with the necessaries of life ; but that of the officer was more in the nature of an honourable reward for his services , the value of which he would appreciate not so much by the sum it contained , as by the principle upon which it was granted . Besides , every officer entered the army with his eyes open , he knew what the remuneration was and the House might depend that it was not by the addition of a few shillings in the day that they would obtain men who would be more ambitious of the glory of their country . The captains had obtained an increase of pay , and the allowance for forage , lodging and travelling , had been greatly increased . As to the allowances to those embarking on foreign service , it was submitted to a board of general officers who would report their opinion . But was it wise , was it prudent for the House to refer a question of this importance to the consideration of a Committee ? The measure was not for a general increase , but for an increase in favour of one rank . The appointment of such a Committee would give rise to expectations , which it would 704 be wrong to encourage , and might produce correspondent claims from the navy . If the House could be assured that this was a measure which would give full satisfaction to the army , there might be some reason for the motion , but if its effects would only be to open a wide field of inquiry , it was a useless and injurious speculation . The warrant to which the gallant general had referred , limited the stock purse to 20l . and was it fit that