these motives of policy , there are , as I have heard this night , not without astonishment and dismay—considerations of justice , which preclude any systematic redaction of the amount of our paper currency . Such a reduction , it is argued , would change the value of existing contracts , and throw into confusion every species of pecuniary transaction , from the rent of the great landed proprietor down to the wages of the peasant and the artisan . Good God ! what is this but to say , that the system of irredeemable paper currency must continue for ever ? What is it but to say , that the debts incurred , and the contracts entered into , under the old established legal standard of the currency , including the debts and contracts of the state itself , are now to be lopped and squared to a new measure , set up originally as a temporary expedient ; and that the sacredness of public faith , and the obligation of legalengagements , are to be conformed to the accidental and fluctuating derangement , and not to the antient and fixed rule , of our currency ? If this be so , there is indeed no hope that we shall ever return to our sound and pristine state.—This objection is of a nature lo propagate itself indefinitely . Every day new contracts must necessarily be made ; and every day successively ( as it is of the essence of depreciation to go on increasing in degree ) at rates diverging 1115 more and more widely from the real standard from which we have departed . Every day , therefore , must interpose additional impediments to a return to the legal standard . Never did the wildest and most hostile prophesier of ruin to the finances of this country venture to predict that a time should come , when by the avowal of parliament , nominal amount in paper , without reference to any real standard value in gold , would be the payment of the public creditor . But still less could it ever be apprehended that such a system was to be built on the foundations of equity and right ; —that it would be considered as unjust to give to the paper creditor the real value of his contracts in gold , but just to compel the creditor who had trusted in gold , to receive for all time to come the nominal amount , whatever that might come to be , of his contract in paper . This proposition appears to me so , monstrous , and shows so plainly to what an extravagant and alarming length we are liable to be hurried , when once we have lost sight of principle and given ourselves up to the guidance of expediency , that I am sure this House ought to lose no time in pronouncing its opinion as to the maxims by which , for centuries , the currency of this country has been preserved in eminent purity and integrity ; and in declaring its determination to acknowledge no others in the theory of our money system , and to look to a practical return to that system , not only as advantageous to the state , but as indispensable to its justice and its honour . For these purposes , it is in my opinion necessary , in the first place , to enter a distinct record of what is , in our opinion , the legal standard of our currency . I know not how this can be done with greater clearness and correctness than by adopting the first Seven of the Resolutions proposed by the honourable and learned chairman of the Bullion Committee . To these Seven Resolutions are opposed , and for them it is intended to substitute , the first of the Propositions of the right hon . gent . opposite to me . I should have no hesitation in affirming these first Seven Resolutions , if they stood simply and positively on their own merits : but when I find that we can not get rid of them without