are taking notes , all these wild theories disclaimed ; and that they will not advert to any standard but that recognized by the law . These theorists gave an important admission of the fact , that a departure has taken place from the standard value . Before I leave this part of the subject , I shall refer to the third resolution of my right hon . friend , premising , that my resolutions stated , `` That the actual value of a 1l . note is less than the nominal value . '' In answer to that proposition , for it must be taken as an answer , my right hon . friend has said , `` That bank notes are held to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , in all pecuniary transactions to which such coin is legally applicable . '' In the amendments made to these resolutions , it is staled , `` That promissory notes of the Bank of England are held in public estimation , and generally accepted . '' In the resolution thus proposed , his right hon . friend has not denied the statement set forth by me , namely , that the value of a one pound note is less than it ought to be . I am prepared wholly to deny the assertion of my right hon . friend , that bank notes are held in public estimation equivalent to coin ; for I must contend , that public estimation is quite the other way ; and were it not for a notion of law , which most people have got in their heads , there would be found in every market ' in the country , in every shop almost , a distinct price would be established in estimation for the Bank of England note and specie . It is well known that the king 's coin has totally disappeared , and that there is he money but that of the Bank . With respect to the word coin , what is it ? Does it make any difference as to the standard ? The coin is the King 's assurance to his subjects that their property shall be protected ; that the coin shall be of that fineness and weight necessary to give to all in their dealings an equal security and an equal participation of justice . To say , then , that bank notes are held in public estimation equivalent to coin , is to evade altogether the argument . The question is one wholly of fact . Is the Bank of England note worth what it purports to 807 be worth ? It certainly is not ; as I shall shew presently . It has been correctly asserted by an hon . gent . opposite in his book , ( Mr. Huskisson ) that as things now stood a light guinea would pass for more than the value of a heavy guinea . When a guinea is worth more than it formerly was , see to what it will tend . Suppose , for instance , a person is indebted to another 26l . and he is called upon to discharge that debt , which ought to be done in the lawful coin of the realm , he must give his creditor , if in silver , at the rate of 5s . 2d . per oz . 100½ ounces ; but suppose he should give him 26l . in notes , they would , in consequence of their depreciation , only purchase 86 ounces and two thirds . So far then from Bank notes being equivalent to the standard value of coin , a debtor might discharge a debt of 26l . in Bank paper , which , if converted into silver , would only produce 86 ounces ; whereas , by the lawful standard of the realm , the creditor is entitled to receive ICO ounces , the Bank note of 11l . being now worth something less than 16s . If this be so , then it becomes necessary to ask who are to blame , and where