more foreign from his mind than to make any unhandsome allusion to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland , for whose estimable qualities , as a man and a judge , he had ever entertained the highest respect . in reply , thanked the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , for the candour and fairness which he had displayed that night . It had saved him from the trimming which he had prepared for him . Had any other lawyer attempted to hold a different language , he should have given that lawyer a complete basting . He rejoiced in having brought forward the present motion . It had drawn from the noble and learned lord many useful confessions ; and it had drawn from his two noble and distinguished friends ( lords Grenville and Holland ) the soundest doctrines , and the most appropriate observations He was therefore , determined to 700 take the sense of the House upon the motion . It was to strength of argument he looked , and not to strength of numbers . rose pursuant to notice , to move for a Committee to inquire into the Pay and Allowances to the Land Forces of this country , so far as the same related to sums granted by Parliament . He was sorry that the business had not fallen into hands more able to do justice to it than he was conscious that he was ; and he was still more sorry that it had not beer brought forward by his Majesty 's ministers . His object , he begged it to be understood , was not to increase the pay of the officers in the army . Deeply as he was impressed with the inadequacy of their pay to their increased expences ; he was far from entertaining such an idea . If any increase was to be made , he knew that the proposition would come with infinitely greater propriety from that source whence every thing of the kind ought to emanate—from the crown . The partiality of the King to this branch of our service was so well known , that it would be unnecessary for him to dwell on it . The royal personage , too , who had long held a Commission in the Army , and who was himself a practical soldier , there could not be a doubt , was sensible of , and anxious to afford relief to the officers of our army That royal personage was as practical a soldier as any in our army , and there was nothing which withheld him from participating in the laurels so proudly earned by our brave officers , but the high rank he held in the country ; and , he entertained no doubt , that if the royal person to whom he alluded had seen the propriety of proposing an increase to the pay of officers in the army he would have recommended it . Having now stated what was not his object he should go on to state shortly what it was , and should endeavour to draw a comparison between the allowances to the officers of the army now and what they 701 were at the first establishment of regular regiments in the year 1614 . At that time sixpence per day was fixed as the regular pay of a soldier ; and this also bore on the pay of the officer , the pay of an Ensign being fixed at six days pay of the soldiers ; that of the Lieutenant at eight days pay ; the captains at sixteen days pay , and so on . In the reign of king William , an improvement was made in the situation of the officers in our army , not by way of increase of pay , but of allowance . An injurious practice had prevailed previous to that period , of officers withdrawing soldiers from the line , and treating them as their own private servants . In lieu thereof it was then settled , that each officer should have a servant , or an adequate compensation for a servant . In