to apprehend , and therefore if it be at all put in force , you can not dispense with the apprehension . What , then , is the true meaning of this term mildly ? Why this affected forbearance , this assumed lenity ? It arises from this cause , that the ministers of the government have been stopped in their career of violence ; that the sanction of the Prince Regent has been refused to such a policy . There has been a correspondence between the government here and that of Ireland . Why is it not produced ? Let his royal highness the Prince Regent appear to the country and the world in his true colours . If the information be not produced now , it never will be in our possession . The measure is altogether hushed—it is completely quashed ; and , therefore , when we shall hereafter inquire , the answer will be , that inquiry is unnecessary , inasmuch as the measure was not acted upon . The gentlemen 46 opposite , on a former day , stated their previous ignorance of the intended measure of the Irish government . I ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer to say , whether he did not see the Circular Letter of the Catholics before the departure of Mr. Secretary Pole from this country ? What ! no answer . Is the right hon . gent . as dexterous in his silence as in his eloquence ? [ The Chancellor of the Exchequer stated across the table , that he had not seen it . ] —Extraordinary , that such a document , published in the Irish papers early in the month of January—papers received regularly by the Irish secretary , should be unknown to the government here . But surely the duke of Richmond must have been acquainted with it . Indeed , Mr. Secretary Pole appears , as I have before stated in his presence , and therefore may now repeat in his absence , to be lord-lieutenant in his own capacity . Sir ; it is now , it seems , stated , that the Catholic Committee , which was before innoxious , has assumed a new and dangerous character , the proof of which is to be found in their late discussions . Are we to trace this recent apprehension which the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr . Pole have felt , to the fact of their names having been introduced and animadverted on in the late discussions of that body ? It is , indeed , a most unhappy combination of circumstances , that the government of the Prince Regent should be ushered into Ireland , with a measure of harshness and coercion . It was most eloquently remarked by an Irish member of a late parliament , that the formation of the ministry , which the right hon . gent . had taken such means to establish , had , for the remainder of his Majesty 's reign , entombed the hopes of the Catholics . Are the same instruments industriously at work , to propagate through Ireland the thought , that their hopes are also to be entombed through the reign of his successor ? The right hon . gent . says , the law has provided against the Catholic meetings . The law does no such thing . Harsh and unconstitutional as that law was , it was directed against the objects of others . The concessions to the Catholics in 1793 , admitted the claims of those who were stated to act for themselves and others . But the Convention Bill was directed against the associations for parliamentary reform—associations , amongst whom were some most distinguished persons , and a present member of this House not the least conspicuous ; I mean Mr. 47 Stewart ( now lord Castlereagh ) . But the Catholics are this night charged by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , with an attempt to evade whilst professing to observe a law , which it was their determination to violate . One would have thought , after all his affected respect for that