allied army , and I should therefore facilitate their object , were I , instead of remaining on the ground which I have selected , to move to that which has been selected by them . '' The other dispatch is dated Dec. 29 . After describing the relative situation of the armies , lord Wellington goes on to observe , '' Under these circumstances , having such an enemy to contend with , knowing that there is no army ; in Portugal capable of contending with that enemy but my own , and feeling that even success in an attack , if accompanied with great loss , would occasion the ruin of the cause of the allies , I shall presevere in the system which I have hither to pursued , and which I hope will end in the defeat of the enemy 's object . Part of Portugal will unquestionably suffer : but much as this is to be lamented , it is better that a part should suffer than that all should be lost . On the whole , I entertain no doubt of the final success of the measures I am carrying on ; and I ' am '' certain that they are the only means ' which can be entirely successful . `` — ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) Such , Sir , were the sentiments at that period , entertained by lord Wellington as to the existing circumstances and , anticipated issue of the campaign . When , therefore , Sir , it is said , `` that we ought to bless our stars and hold our tongue , I can not follow the advice . I thank my God , but I can not hold my tongue . I must proclaim to this House , to the country , and to the world , the merits of that illustrious man who has been the , instrument under Providence of effecting this great good.—I abstain from dwelling particularly on the succession of gallant actions , which have been fought by our brave troops , from the battle of Barrosa to the last brilliant achievement on the banks of the Coa , by colonel Beckwith , lest , in my attempt at enumerating those which ought to be distinguished ( fought as they have been , day after day ) , I should omit many justly intitled to applause . But I must beg the indulgence of a few minutes , for the purpose of adverting to the actual advantages which we may consider as derived from the campaign in Portugal . I shall consider those advantages as they affect our allies , ourselves , the enemy , and the rest of the world . And first , with respect to our allies , there can be no doubt that the direct effect of the campaign , in having employed so large a force originally intended for their subjugation , has been materially beneficial . It has , at least , given them an additional year in which to struggle for their independence , and it has afforded them an example of what they may effect by a strict attention to discipline . The advantages derived to ourselves by the result of the campaign are by no means inconsiderable . This country , Sir , may be considered as divided into two opinions with respect to its own power and prosperity . Those who have thought that Great Britain never stood higher in those points , are gratified at seeing their opinion confirmed . Those , on the contrary , who have entertained the desponding idea that the sun of British glory was for ever set , must now congratulate themselves and the country on the proof that our military character never stood so high as at the present moment . To them the recent occurrences must be infinitely more gratifying than to us , who were more sanguine on the subject . No longer can any fears remain , that should the French seek our shores , we should not be able to meet them . We have a British army