sceptic to a regulation made in the reign of Henry the 3d , determining the proportion a quartern loaf should bear to the weight of certain coins . This furnished one , of many proofs , that the names of coins were given with a reference to their weight in numerous instances . In ancient proclamations , many directions were to be found for regulating the current value of money , according to its weight , and sometimes specifying the allowances which were to be made for the depreciation occasioned by wear and tear . Thus the pound sterling in this country , and the livre in 970 France were originally equal to a pound in weight of silver ; and our pennyweight was consequently equivalent in weight to one pennyworth of silver . He was astonished that the right hon . gent . should seem to conceive that the shilling was a coin which had no regular standard . Weights had been made and were kept at the mint , which were the standard weight of a shilling as the legal coin of the country . The right hon . gent . appeared to him , not even to be aware of the provisions made on this head in modern acts of parliament . The law of the land was so explicit upon the subject , that he could not repress his astonishment when he heard the right hon . gent . assert that the coin called `` a shilling '' passed current without any reference to its weight . Could it be possible that the right hon . gent . was ignorant of the existence or enactments of the Act of the 14th of his present Majesty , an Act entitled , `` An Act for regulating the weights to be made use of , for determining the value of gold and silver coins , '' the first provision of which Act set forth what the weight should be for trying `` certain pieces of gold coin called guinea '' and certain pieces of silver coin called shillings ? '' It was only with a reference to their weight , that these pieces were to be taken as money . Were they then to be told that a thing called a shilling , but which he could only call a counter— ( Hear , hear ! ) , could legally pass current , without any reference to its weight ? Another provision on this subject was made in determining the currency necessary to form a legal tender for a sum exceeding twenty-five pounds . Guineas being the grand medium in which payments were made , it was enacted they should no longer pass current , if by any circumstance they became so deteriorated as not to weigh 5 dwts . 8 grains . The depreciation of coin was an injury done to the public ; and on reference being made to the time when our silver currency was debased as much as it was in the time of king William , he was surprised to hear such assertions as had been advanced . If he wished to establish still further what he had urged with respect to the weight of coin , he would call the attention of the Committee to what passed in 1774 , when some regulations were made as to the currency of gold coin . The guinea was prohibited from passing as money , if it did not weigh 5 dwts 8 grains . The privy council at that time had it in contemplation 971 to allow it to pass current , although it weighed less , on a scale of diminished value according to its weight . Silver coin , he would further observe , was only a legal tender for sums not exceeding 25l . In payment of any debt above that sum it could only legally be tendered for what ever it might be worth from its weight ; and gold , though it might be legally tendered by tale to any amount , was yet liable to pass , not according to the tale , but according to its weight