of our history , and which left to parliament the easier task of hereafter upholding what by past labours had already-been created . In illustration of which lord C. referred to the effective strength of the army , as stated by the noble lord , viz . regulars 211,000 , militia 81,000 ; total rank and file , regulars and militia , 295,000 , exclusive of 24,000 artillery . Comparing this with the state of the land forces in 1805 , viz . regulars 155,000 , militia 90,000 , artillery 11,000 , the committee will see what has been the result of the measures adopted , namely , an increase , after covering the annual waste , of not less than 56,000 regulars , and 10,000 artillery . Such being the state of the army , and the annual casualties being estimated by the noble lord at 23,000 men , ( which exceeded , by about 7,000 men , the average of former periods ) it remained to be considered how this waste was to be covered—taking the produce of ordinary recruiting at eleven thousand men , and the foreign recruiting at from 2 to 3,000 , there remained a deficiency of 10,000 men to be annually provided . The measure of procuring these men by an annual draft from the militia , as suggested by the noble lord , had his entire approbation . It was extending to the British militia a principle which had long been acted upon in Ireland with the greatest advantage , and , as far as he could judge as an officer of militia , without any material prejudice either to the discipline or efficiency of the regiments which had been subject to the operation of the draft . The details of the increase would be matter of discussion when the noble lord introduced his Bill ; he would only now throw out two points for his lordship 's previous consideration : —The first was , the great discouragement which the present regulation , with respect to the provisions for militia-men 's wives and families , opposed to volunteering into the 216 line . He was aware that there was considerable difficulty and some delicacy in applying a remedy to this evil ; but he wished it to be considered , as men entered into the line upon a variety of terms , differing in their nature and degree of encouragement , whether the allowance now enjoyed by the wife and family of a militiaman might not be continued to them , at the public expence , relieving of course the counties from the charge , in the case of the husband agreeing to transfer his services to the line , and whether this would not operate as the best species of bounty . Without this encouragement he was afraid the measure might not prove productive , to the full extent , with it , he was confident it would ; and if this indulgence , as an extraordinary effort for securing a supply of men , was confined to the men now actually serving in the militia , no inconvenience could arise to the ordinary recruiting , which might otherwise happen , if it were allowed to operate as a circuitous mode of enlisting into the line . The second point to which he wished to direct the attention of ministers was , the system which he had introduced in the Bill of 1809 , of endeavouring to protect , as far as possible , the counties from the heavy inconvenience of a ballot , by enlisting men for the regular militia at a fixed bounty , inferior to that of the line , and that bounty , where the vacancy arose from transfers to the line , falling as a charge upon the public , and not upon the county , provided the county succeeded within a certain time in raising the men. ! Lord Castlereagh wished to see this principle persevered in ; he thought it an equitable one ; he understood in many counties , where due exertions had been used , it had proved successful in exonerating the counties