however , by no means the only circumstance of distinction . The paper money alluded to , was in every instance a new paper issued by a government already involved in debt and discredit , and struggling for an immediate resource—the notes of the Bank have for a century been established in full credit as issued by a corporation of the highest reputation for wealth and punctuality , and known not to be debtor , but creditor , to an immense amount , both to government and to individuals . The paper of those countries was issued not with any view to profit , but to supply the exigencies of war , and measured in its amount , not by any views of commercial advantage or public convenience , but by the necessities of bankrupt governments . The Bank never issues its paper but for value received , and for a certain profit , and regulates the amount of it by the demands of public accommodation.—Their paper was forced upon the people 935 by the authority of government , though notoriously passing at a discount in transactions of all kinds—the notes of the Bank are no legal tender , but pass freely , and have not been discredited in any instance . It is unnecessary to dwell further upon this comparison , but I must shortly touch upon a case which arose near home . I have been alluded to as a member of a Committee , which , in the year 1804 , examined the state of the exchange with Ireland , and which was of opinion that the notes of the Bank of Ireland were in some degree depreciated at that time . I certainly was a member of that Committee , and concurred in their opinion ; but the circumstances proved before us were too different from the present to afford any fair ground of argument from analogy in this discussion . It appeared not only that the current coin was publicly sold at a premium , but that an established difference of price existed between payments in coin and in Irish paper , while the paper of the Bank of England produced the same premium as guineas . But if , from those circumstances , I infer that the Irish paper was depreciated , I think it doubtful whether that depreciation was owing to any excess of issue , although it appeared that the paper , both of the Bank of Ireland and of private banks , had been rapidly increased , and that an immense number of notes for very small sums , called silver notes , had been introduced into circulation . I rather believe that , from the apprehensions naturally remaining , in consequence of the rebellion in 1798 , and from some recent circumstances of alarm , a degree of suspicion and discredit attached itself to all paper issued in Ireland , and had extended itself from the notes of the private banks to those of the Bank of Ireland itself . But from whatever cause the state of the Irish currency at that time might arise , no inference with respect to the notes of the Bank of England can be fairly drawn from it , unless the circumstances of the case were similar . I can not leave this first and most important part of the case , without reminding the Committee that I am not bound to prove a negative—that the Committee have undertaken to prove the fact ( a most alarming fact , if it be true ) of the depreciation of our currency , and that they have produced no proof but what is , in the highest degree , vague , inconclusive , and fallacious . 936 It is of the utmost importance in this discussion to keep the consideration of the two kinds of depreciation completely distinct , and it is by confounding them that the Bullion Committee appear to me to have puzzled their readers , and , ( if I may be excused for saying so ) to have puzzled themselves . I shall , therefore , take the liberty of distinguishing them