of this deficiency was owing to the unfavourably exchange with Portugal . There could be no stronger proof than this , of the injury which the public sustained by this depreciation . For if so large a sum was lost upon one head only of our expenditure , how great must the loss he upon the whole of it ? This depreciation was peculiarly hard upon the officers of the army and the navy , as it in effect curtailed their scanty pay , full 20 per cent . All landlords , also , who derived rents under leases made more than a few years back , sustained a similar injury . They are in fact made to pay in this , way out of their incomes , more than twice the amount of the property tax . Concerning the cause of the depreciation , I wish to go somewhat further in attempting to develope it , than has yet been done by any gentleman , who-has preceded me . I 1043 consider this to be the most material part of the whole subject . For if we fail in forming a correct notion of the cause or causes which have produced this depreciation , we shall never be able to provide a proper remedy . If a depreciation of Bank paper does exist , there can be no question that the proximate cause of it is , an over-issue of it ; and that the cause of this over-issue , is the misconduct of the Directors of the Bank of England . I by no means intend to charge them with criminal misconduct . Their first duty is to advance the interests of those who have placed them in the direction of their , affairs . This duty they have fulfilled with great success . The price of their stock , their bonusses and dividends , afford the best proof of the zeal and talent with which they have discharged it . If in so doing they have done great injury to the public , it must be recollected that they are able to plead this duty in justification , and that they may also say , how could you expect from us any other behaviour ; we who are by profession men in business , and from our earliest days instructed that the whole skill and success of trade consists in turning every fair opportunity to a good account ? For my own part it is matter of great surprise , that they have not done a great deal more injury than we have yet experienced . The cause of their misconduct does not rest with them ; it is that impolitic measure of the legislature which gave to them a power which was quite inconsistent with their profession , a power which they could not exercise with full advantage to the public , with out exposing themselves to the censure of those who had confided to them the management of their affairs . But before I examine the nature of this act of the legislature , the act for restraining cash payments by the Bank in 1797 , I wish to call the attention of the Committee to an act passed subsequent to this act , in 1802 . A right hon . gent . ; ( Mr. Vansittart ) has called the remedy proposed by the Committee , `` the boldest experiment in finance , '' he ever heard of I think that the right hon . gentleman : should have been the last person to make such a charge against the Committee . That right hon . gentleman was the principal financial adviser of all Mr. Addihgton 's financial measures , among which is to be found an act for altering the system of restriction , as first adopted by Mr. Pitt , from being one of a temporary nature , to be one of a permanent system of restric- 1044 tion , during the continuance of the war . Now , Sir , it seems to me that this was a measure more justly entitled to the appellation of a bold experiment than the