which I should be glad to hear the right hon . gent . explain . The noble lord who presided at the meeting , said to the magistrates , that he was sorry that the right hon . Secretary had not applied to him , as he could easily have explained the purpose of their meeting , and he was very sorry , that without asking any explanation , they should have been so sent . The magistrates said that they would inform the Secretary , and that they had no doubt but he would be very glad to receive such explanation . Then after , it seems , the Secretary expressed himself extremely happy to see them ; when lo , these gentlemen tell the magistrates that they have nothing to tell the secretary , but if he have business with them they are willing to attend upon him . What is most curious is this , that both parties should have seemed so desirous of meeting , and yet could never effect a meeting , and that the right hon . gent . should have been obliged to cross the channel without being able to accomplish it . But there are still other circumstances in this case not less full of wonder . This Catholic Committee , which was denounced on the 12th of February as unlawful , continued to sit , not only before the 12th . of February but since the 12th of February ; and in all the newspapers may be read addresses in the name of the Catholic Committee , published in the very teeth of the magistrates . Is not all this very wonderful , that a government so famous for dispatch , that the right hon . gent. , so famous for his vigour , should still allow that unlawful assembly to do these things ? The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer told us , that he could not account for all these things ; the right hon . secretary could . Has government at last found out its fault ? Has it found out that this unlawful assembly was not unlawful , not mischievous in its tendency , and harbour '' no unfavourable designs ? though they will not condescend to detail . what came 277 has induced the right hon . gent , to resort to such acts of violence , or at least promptitude , they have been sufficient to induce that right hon . gent , to leave Ireland . I do not mean by saying this to attribute any ill intentions to the government of Ireland . I attribute no intentions to that government , good or bad , because , I own , I can not comprehend them . I can not comprehend how a government can put forth a proclamation against an unlawful assembly , threatening to have all its members arrested , and afterwards suffer that assembly to sit , and publish their proceedings in the same manner as before . I certainly can not comprehend these things , and therefore I attribute no intention , because that intention is incomprehensible ; and all that I can say is , that I am extremely impatient to finish my motion , that I may be enabled to hear from the right hon . gent . a solution of this enigma . The proceeding which the Irish government has taken , is one of the very greatest moment . Ireland , from various causes , unnecessary for me now to notice , is unfortunately sufficiently irritable already ; and it was by no means necessary for the strong hand of government to increase that irritation . One would suppose that the government was not willing to increase that irritation ; but yet , if we are allowed to judge from the violent resolutions published in the different newspapers in Dublin , this measure of the government has caused the sorest feelings in the body of Catholics of Ireland . The right hon . gent . must admit this irritation , and as it is not necessary , it is not therefore my wish