in order to certify their quantity and fineness . For the sake of simplifying the subject , he would also assume the same circulating medium to be employed in surrounding countries . If , while we were thus circumstanced , the same evils of which we now complain were to arise , what would be the consequence ? Doubt less much of our gold coin would be taken from us ; and , perhaps , a larger quantity of this than of other articles . The whole , however , would not leave us ; a high rate of interest would arise , and this extra pro fit on the use of gold , which would increase as its quantity diminished , would contribute to detain it here—some foreigners , probably , transferring property which would take the shape of the precious metals , or continuing to afford to us the use of it for the sake of this high interest , Such portion of our coin would be transferred , as would cause the remaining quantity to bear the same value in exchange for our remaining commodities , which the same coin in foreign countries bore to commodities abroad . In other words , gold and commodities would be exported in that relative proportion in which the exportation answered ; and since every diminution of the quantity of our gold would produce an augmentation of it abroad , the relative value of gold to goods , in this and in foreign countries , would soon find one general level ; and thus gold would remain the standard of value among us all . This , indeed , was simply to suppose the same case to occur in respect to Europe , which usually exists in respect to the different provinces of the same kingdom . He repeated , that he was merely putting a case for the sake of illustration ; and the great point which he meant to press was this , that according to what he had denominated the state of nature , there would be a reduction of the circulating medium of this country under the present circumstances of our trade—a reduction which would tend to bring down our prices to the level of the prices which similar commodities , allowing for all expenses of transportation , were found to bear in exchange for gold in the general market of the world . He would now put the second case . He would suppose our laws to forbid both the melting and exportation of coin , and to limit the rate of interest to 5 per cent . ; and the Bank to be paying in cash . In 901 other words , he would assume that we were circumstanced as we were before 1797 , and that exactly the same political and commercial difficulties which we now experience were to arise . The effect of these difficulties upon the quantity of our currency , would resemble the effect assumed to be experienced in the former case , though it may not be exactly equal in degree . There would arise a similar demand for cash , with a view to exportation ; and though the law would interpose some obstacle to its transmission , yet some of our gold would probably go abroad , and it would serve , as in the former case , both as a remittance which would contribute to pay our debts , and as the means of augmenting the circulating medium of foreign countries , as well as of diminishing our own . The Bank , in this event experiencing a drain , would , in some degree , contract its issues . It would not only not increase them , as it has in some degree done during the last two or three years of the very unfavourable state of our exchanges : it would diminish them ; it would feel itself , in consequence of our new circumstances , under the painful necessity of straitening its accommodation either to merchants or government , or both ; and some difficulty in effecting the limitation would arise out of the