so that the Spilsby House of Industry was to be a great mart for the pauper slaves of the county of Lincoln . Now , having seen the severity of this Act , he wished the House to look at its lenity ; for , if severe to the paupers , to others it was lenity itself . Should the governor , clerk , or any other officer , purloin the work tools , or any of the chattels of the house , a crime which was felony by law , the punishment was to be only a fine of three times the amount , or a short confinement . Now , what was the remedy provided by the Bill against any abuse of power ? Should any person be wrongfully confined in solitary confinement for a mouth , or a longer period , ( and what a severe punishment solitary confinement must , for such a period , be to a person of an uncultivated mind , it was not necessary to remind the Home , ) if the poor person so wronged could be fortunate enough to find an attorney in the place willing to undertake his cause , it was in his power to bring an action against such governor , & c. ; but the period within which this action could be brought was limited to one month after the offence . declared that he did not know such clauses were in the Bill , or he certainly would not have moved the second reading . He did not believe the hon . members for Boston and for Derby , who had taken charge of the Bill , and in whose absence he moved , were acquainted with what had been stated by the hon . and learned gent . He should , therefore , in order to give the parties an opportunity to consider this extraordinary Bill , move , That it be read a second time that day se'nnight.—Which was agreed to . rose to call the attention of the House to the financial situation of Ireland , which was unproductive in respect to its revenue . The light hon . baronet read that part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners which admitted that the revenue was deficient , and he stated that he should prove it was totally unable to meet the charges of the Public Debt ; that in point of fact , the revenue was now deficient 650,000l . The fact being so , it Was high time to inquire into the state of things , and to apply a remedy to meet the deficiency . Whether 424 that deficiency arose from the inadequate means of supplying the taxes , or in the mode of collecting them , he knew not , but this was most certainly true , that there was a great deficit . In respect to the debt of Ireland , that had increased in later years materially . Within the last ten years it had nearly trebled in amount . In 1800 , it was about 30,000,000l . and it now was 80,728,992l . The charge upon that sum for paying the interest , the sinking fund , and the management , was 4,273,000l ; to meet this charge the ordinary revenue only produced 3,614,000l . so that there was a deficit of 660,000l . The right hon . baronet then alluded to the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) in 1804 , * in which he had noticed the decrease in the revenue at that period , and had stated it would not in any future period be any better . In that opinion he had concurred , and to convince the House that the prognostication of each was correct , he would state the produce of taxes laid on the last year , to shew that the right hon . gent , had calculated their amount much beyond what they actually produced . For instance , the calculations were as follow : produced only The Duties on Wines £.100,000 £.44,000 Additional Tea Duty 60,000 33,000 Currants and Raisins