advised , took upon themselves the 285 responsibility of looking over the whole transaction . What happened afterwards ? On the 24th of November the Catholic Committee met again , and lord Fingal was called to the chair : of that noble lord , it is hardly necessary that I should state , that he is one of the best men among the Roman Catholics , and one of the best and most loyal men in Ireland . At that meeting a motion was made , for a vote of thanks from the Catholics of Ireland to lord Donoughmore . The impropriety of discussing a question of that kind , in a Committee appointed solely and exclusively for the purpose of preparing a petition to parliament , struck lord Fingal , and he stated his doubts upon the subject to the Committee ; and though he heartily approved of thanking lord Donoughmore , desired to be informed , whether it was competent to the Committee to do any thing but prepare the Catholic Petition ? His lordship was answered by Mr. O'Connel , who reminded the Committee , that the last aggregate meeting had removed all doubts upon that subject , by their resolution , empowering the Committee to conduct all the affairs of the Roman Catholics of Ireland.— [ Mr . Pole then read the outline of the proceedings of this meeting of the Committee , from the Dublin Evening Herald ; and stated , that a shorthand writer attended their debates , which were regularly published in the Irish newspapers. ] —Mr . O'Connel 's opinion , with respect to the general powers of the Committee , accorded with the sense of the members present , and the resolutions were carried unanimously . Here then , the House will observe , was a doubt expressed by a Roman Catholic peer , of the highest character , whether the Committee was exceeding its powers ; but still the lord lieutenant abstained from interposing : he still remained firm to his purpose—a purpose which my right hon . friend opposite to me ( Mr. Grattan ) , has so lately characterized as the most wise policy that could be pursued in Ireland , viz . that of trying mild and conciliatory measures as long as possible , consistently with the safety of the state . In the meeting , however , of the 1st of December , the Committee went still farther . On that day , one of the members , in very strong language , called the attention of the Committee to what he described as a very great grievance , which had been suffered by a Catholic soldier . He told the Committee that they were the natural guar- 286 dians of the rights of the Catholics , and proposed a subscription for prosecuting those `` bigotted delinquents , '' as he termed them , whatever their rank or station might be , by whom this Catholic soldier had been injured . I will now , Sir , shortly state to the House the facts respecting this soldier , who was represented to have been so cruelly injured , and whose injuries were said to have been redressed by the Catholic Committee . On the 24th of August last , Dr . Troy , the titular archbishop of Dublin , wrote to the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant , and mentioned the case of a soldier of the name of Spence , who had commuted a very severe sentence which had been passed upon him by a court martial , by consenting to go into a regiment always employed upon foreign service . Dr . Troy , in his letter , represented this man 's case as being peculiarly hard . This letter , by the lord lieutenant 's order , was immediately transmitted to the commander of the forces , for his opinion on the subject . The commander of the forces directly ordered the case to be investigated . I should have stated , that this man having been tried by a regimental court martial , the proceedings had not been laid before the