maintain that they are so , for every common and legitimate transaction in life , except for foreign remittances ; and even for these , the access to Bank discounts afford great facilities , enabling the merchant to make provision for heavy payments for exports , and to await a sale for imports , for which , from various causes , there may be no immediate demand . The learned member proceeded to advert to the rapid advance in the price of our commodities as attributable to an excess of Bank paper . That they have risen , and rapidly , is beyond dispute ; but has there been no rise of commodities on the continent , even in those countries where specie alone is in circulation ? I am disposed to think that the great and sudden increase in the price of corn here has been the cause of the advance in other articles ; and the rise of that great necessary of life , I attribute , in a considerable degree at least , to the advance of importation prices by the acts of the legislature : an advance has taken place between , 1791 and 1804 of no less than 35 ½ per cent . on the prices previous to the former of these years . The increased price of corn has of course enabled the landed proprietors to advance their rents ; but it may be fairly questioned whether these gentlemen have not suffered more by the consequent enhancement of other articles , indispensable to their own consumption , than they have profited by the augmentation of their rents . The hon . gentleman complains of the large importation of corn lately as a great evil , and threatens inquiry respecting it 835 which inquiry I am ready to meet whenever it shall be instituted ; as the evil , if it has been one , is in some degree attributable to me ; the noble lord , who is president of the Board of Trade , having , when the measure was taken , held the seals of the Foreign office . My defence will be short , but , I hope , satisfactory : —had the importation not been permitted , the distress for bread would have been extreme . With the aid of two millions of quarters of foreign corn , the quartern loaf was at fifteen pence , and without such aid it would probably have been at half a crown . The consequences which must arise from paying foreigners for so large a quantity of corn as would probably be imported were too obvious not to have been foreseen ; but in such a dilemma there was no hesitation between submitting to the inconveniencies of the nature apprehended , and to the want of bread to the necessitous part of our population . The next topic adverted to was the state of our trade , from which it is said there is no prospect of our being able to have the course of exchange in our favour , the balance being so much against us ; for the learned gentleman makes our exports only 33 , and our imports 45 millions . No assertion can be more erroneous , and , for its refutation , I need only refer him to the documents in the Appendix to his own Report . But if reference be had to other papers before the House , it will be seen that our exports have for many years greatly exceeded our imports . I admit , however , that no clear inference can be drawn from the state of our exports and imports alone , even at their real value , at any time , for reasons I shall enter upon particularly hereafter ; least of all can we place any reliance on the apparently favourable balance of 1810 , because for some of our exports in that year no payment has been , and probably never will be made—I mean such as have been confiscated or destroyed ; while another part , saved from confiscation , has been redeemed at a heavy expence .