the attention of which the House was capable , and if they should so incline , let it at last be rejected . If it should now be strangled , and not allowed to go into a committee , what would be thought in the country ? Not surely what the hon . gent . professed , that there was no corruption to reform , but that there was too much corruption to allow reform . The only way to obviate the dangerous tendency of the opinions which they dreaded , was to go themselves into every moderate plan of reform which was practicable . It was impossible to take a more unwise step at present , when all the attachment and all the exertions of the country were required , than to strangle the present Bill . Every man could wish the declaration which was made in that House blotted out from his remembrance ; and as he wished to prevent the possibility of the recurrence of the evil , he earnestly requested the concurrence of the House in allowing the present Bill to go into a committee . said , that he should oppose every alteration of the present constitution of that House , and had he merely heard the speech of the hon . gent . who spoke last , he should have concluded that such was the object of the present Bill . Notwithstanding all the lofty language which they had heard from that hon . gent. , almost threatening them with the distrust and condemnation of the people if they did not accede to this measure , he would tell that hon . gent . that a Bill ought to be canvassed in that House on is just principles , and when those principles did not meet with their approbation , they did their duty in rejecting it ; and in endeavouring to please the people in opposition to their own sentiments , they would not do their duty , but commit an act of injustice.—He then proceeded to discuss the clause relating to evidence , which went to violate a principle acknowledged in the laws of this and every other country . It was said that the witness was indemnified from punishment . But was it possible to indemnify him from the effect of moral guilt , from the loss of character sustained by the compulsive discovery . Another strong objection to this part of the Bill was , that it increased the temptation to perjury for the purpose of conviction or acquittal . An informer came into court with all the blackness peculiar to an informer , and his credibility was affected by it . But here he was relieved 506 from all that odium . Why not introduce this principle to other crimes ? He had therefore , great objections to the introduction of a principle of which he could not see the termination.—To the other clauses he had also great objections . From giving a general right to petition , little good could ensue , and a door could be opened to a great deal of mischief . He should therefore oppose the Bill going into a Committee . thought it very natural that those who opposed every plan of reform which could have any practical effect , on some pretext or other , should also oppose the present Bill . All the reasons , however , which he had heard against committing the Bill , were , in his mind , so many reasons in favour of the measure . If the Bill was liable to the objections which had been specified , the way to purge it from those objections was to go into a Committee . What would be the conseqnence of a refusal ? It would convince the people of England , that the former measures of the House were merely resorted to for the sake of tranquillizing the public mind for a moment , and not from any serious desire of reformation . The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Johnstone , ) had asked for a case . Why , the very evil was