in this respect were most unwise and against all rational calculations of a successful result , most readily and warmly to applaud my lord Wellington for having overcome difficulties which they proclaimed to be insuperable . Sir ; it was well known to lord Wellington , when he took the command of the army in Portugal , that it was the object and the wish of the government in 770 this country that he should consider the immediate liberation and eventual defence of Portugal as the great and primary object of his attention . He knew that for that purpose there was confided to him a large portion of the military force of this country—a portion , indeed , too large to be lightly hazarded . He knew , also , that as additional means of effecting his object he had the population of Portugal , which , however , it was necessary to organize , train and discipline , before it could be available in a common effort . Lord Wellington had therefore maturely and deliberately considered the best mode by which Portugal could be defended . I think it right , Sir , to state , that it never entered into his contemplation to imagine that if Portugal were attacked by a large and imposing force , he should be able to effect any thing like a complete defence of that country on the frontier : but that he always contended , as he always thought , that in such a case Portugal must be defended , where it actually was defended , in the lines and fastnesses of Lisbon . I may be asked , however , why then all the trouble and expence of carrying the British army to the frontier ? The reason is obvious . To gain time for disciplining the Portuguese army—to gain time for the purpose of obtaining reinforcements from this country , and from other parts of the world . Lord Wellington had also in this view the importance by delay , of increasing the difficulties under which the enemy most labour in maintaining a great number of troops in the seat of war . By waiting on the frontier , he secured the certainty that no attack could be made on Portugal , but by an army so numerous , as , on that account , speedily and sensibly to operate on its own resources ; and such was the event . While , however , lord Wellington was defending Portugal on the banks of the Coa , he was fortifying Lisbon on the banks of the Tagus . While keeping the enemy off the frontiers , he was strengthening the heart of Portugal . At length , finding it necessary to retire , he did retire to Lisbon . I say this , Sir , to obviate a most unfair criticism which has been made on the campaign , namely , that the result was accidental that although it was a subject of congratulation , it was an occurrence which could never have been reasonably expected . Now , Sir , nothing can be more unjust . If there be any thing certain in the whole history of the campaign , it is that my , lord Wellington distinctly calculated on the difficulty which the French would feel in maintaining there large army before Lisbon for such a length of time a would enable them to force his works their . Whatever may be said of other military opinions , that of lord Wellington has been completely justified by the event . I will read to the House extracts from two dispatches written by lord Wellington , after he retired from the frontiers , in order that they may judge of the accuracy of my statement : —In the first dispatch , dated Cartaxo , Dec. 1 , his lordship says , '' I do not propose making any movement by which I may incur the risk of bringing on an action on less advantageous ground than that which I at present possess.—The enemy can be relieved from their difficulties only by the occurrence of some misfortune to the