of the government of Ireland in a manner which would be productive of the greatest inconveniences . The hon . gent . however had stated , that the Irish government had made out a bad case , and that he wished for more information that a better might be furnished . In answer to the questions which had been asked , ministers had answered that they had two documents which they thought would be sufficient to establish the legality of what had been done ; but he conceived that it could be thought by no one that in bringing forward these , they brought forth the whole defence of the Irish government . The production of another dispatch could not alone do justice to the motives which had influenced their conduct . What had been produced proved it to be a complete legal act , and he thought there was a strong presumption that it was a wise , expedient , temperate and lenient measure . The point that had been most urged against the Irish government was , that it had not acted with more rigour , and interfered before . But he felt 43 convinced , that when the subject should be discussed with more information , it would be seen that necessity only had caused this step to be taken . The government of this country lamented the necessity of having the execution of the law enforced , and had recommended to the government of Ireland to enforce it with as much lenity as would be consistent with the public tranquillity . This was the course they had been commanded by his royal highness the Regent to take , and was consistent with the principles upon which they had hitherto acted . He was sure he had then said enough to convince the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Grattan ) that if the Catholics attempted to meet under the circumstances he had stated , their assembling would have been illegal , and ought to have been prevented . What he had stated he supposed would be sufficient to shew that it would be better to wait till they should see whether the act would be abused , before any parliamentary investigation should be instituted . He lamented , as he had before stated , the necessity for resorting to this act ; but he could confidently say , as well on the part of the Irish government as of the government of this country , that there was no intention on the part of the Irish or English government to obstruct or impede the right of the Catholics to petition that House , or to approach the legislature with the expression of their grievances . No effort whatever had been made to prevent that petition from coming , or to defeat its object , and it might yet be presented as if nothing extraordinary had happened . He perfectly agreed with an hon . gent . that it would indeed be an intolerable grievance if a legal application to parliament were to be prevented on any subject whatever . But it should be recollected that they most effectually guarded the light of petitioning when they kept the petitioners within proper bounds , and it was only when that was neglected that the valuable right became endangered . The right hon . gent . concluded by saying , that the law must be obeyed and carried into execution , but that every degree of lenity would be shown consistent with the tranquillity and interests of the State . then rose and said : Sir , The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer has this night , by the speech he has just delivered , proved that there not only may be , but that there are political circumstances and changes , which in their 44 operation can induce men , if not to change at least to modify even the most conscientious convictions . What ! and does the right hon . gent . admit that Catholic Petitions must come before us with their due authority and respect—that to Ireland it ever was