it which could reasonably excite alarm . He had no objection to the measure being adopted for one instead of for two years . It was his particular wish that it should be felt by the House and the country that there was nothing dangerous in it . They ought not to be too ready to give credence to the gloomy predictions so often thrown but . Three years ago , when the distilling from corn was prohibited , it was predicted that its consequences must be ruinous . It was stated that the spirit of agriculture must be instantly annihilated and a period put at once to the cultivation of barley . What was the fact ? Why , now the prophecy was seen completely falsified : and it was now said there was so much barley where ever they turned their eyes , that it would fetch no price whatever . Did not this prove that the measure then adopted had not been so fatal to the interests of agriculture , as had been asserted ? Before 360 he sat down , there was one circumstance to which he ought to allude , but with which he believed the House was already acquainted . The circumstances under which the law prohibiting distillation from grain had expired , had induced ministers to apply to the distillers in this country , to ask if they would restrain themselves from the use of it , when they were no longer restrained by the law . To this proposition they had with great liberality acceded . This circumstance , in justice to them , he ought not to have omitted to state before . In conclusion , the right hon . gent . observed , that though gentlemen opposite , expecting some measure was about to be proposed for continuing the prohibition of the use of corn , might very naturally come down prejudiced against it , as they had been averse to such a proposition before , he , however , hoped when it was fairly considered , it would be felt that , it could be safely adopted , and that there was nothing in it could occasion serious alarm . only begged , after the observations he had made on a former night , to say a few words . When a proposition for affording relief to our colonies was introduced some years ago , it was only proposed that it should exist from year to year , and should not be a permanent but only a temporary accommodation . Now , however , the case was different : sugar was now proposed to be brought into the market as a competitor with corn , and that great consumer of corn , the distilleries , was allowed the option to chuse between them . This was a new æra introduced into the law of this country , so far as our agricultural interests were concerned , and one , too , which he thought ought not hastily to be adopted . His hon . friend the member for Norfolk , than whom agriculture had not a more sincere or better informed advocate , had already pointed out the impolicy of any innovation prejudicial to the interests or to the promotion and encouragement of agriculture . He ( Mr. Adam ) only objected to this as a new principle ; and all he asked was , it might be preceded by a Committee to inquire into the fitness of adopting it . expressed his regret that the clause proposed by his hon . friend last 361 night , was not acceded to , and acknowledged that the objections of the right hon . gent . did not appear to him to be conclusive : at the same time he could not let that opportunity pass of expressing his entire satisfaction at the clause introduced by the learned and hon . gent . opposite ( Mr . Manners Sutton ) . He meant that which added to the original Bill the discretionary power to be vested in courts martial , of sentencing either to corporeal punishment , or to that of