will allow , not unreasonably expected from it . Yet , after the first intelligence , the exchange continued gradually to rise ; and within a few months in November 1797 , became more favourable than it has ever been known ; being above thirteen percent , in favour of England ; and this at a time when the expense and risk of sending gold from Hamburgh to England amounted to about three and a half percent , only , and when the circulation of England was principally carried on in a paper currency , which might have been supposed to have suffered some diminution of its credit , by the novel and extraordinary circumstance , of its being no longer convertible at pleasure into cash , and when there was at Hamburgh no paper currency whatever . So far as the supposed demonstration rests upon calculations respecting the price of gold bullion , I will venture to say , that its variations have been too irregular to afford any certain ground of reasoning whatever . In England , for instance , it has usually happened , that when the exchange became unfavourable , the price of gold rose ; and when the exchange has been favourable , that it has fallen ( though by no means in any certain and assignable proportion ) ; and this is intelligible , and consistent with theory . But in Hamburgh the very reverse has been the case : —the price of gold continued to rise from January to September 1809 , though the exchange was growing , more favourable the whole time ; it then fell without any material variation of the exchange , and continued at the lower rat '' when the exchange became less favourable . But what is more remarkable , the price of gold at all the places respecting which the Committee seem to have made any inquiry , at Hamburgh , Amsterdam , and ; Paris , has considerably exceeded the par price . At Amsterdam , it has been no less than seventeen and a half percent above par , which exceeded the highest price in London * . Now , if the high price in London be a proof of the depreciation of our paper currency , the high price at all those places must be equally a proof of the depreciation of their paper . But at no one of those places does any paper currency exist , * See Mr. Rutherfurd 's Hints from Holand 931 excepting the notes of the Bank of France , which are inconsiderable in their amount , and payable in cash . Instances are also mentioned in the report itself , in which gold has been sold in England , previously to the restriction of the Bank payments , at eight , ten , and even twelve percent , above the mint price . In these cases , as well as in the foreign cases I have mentioned , and in many others which might be referred to , the effect could not arise from the depreciation of paper currency . It most have had some other cause ; and why should not the same effect be now ascribed to the same cause , whatever it may have been , which produced it in these different instances ? The Committee are unwilling to admit the fact of a general scarcity of gold . I can only say , that the rise of prices in countries in which the exchange is favourable , as well as where it is unfavourable , seems to afford a presumption either of scarcity , or of a generally increasing demand . But I do not affirm the fact , I am not assigning a cause for the high price of gold . It is for the Committee to prove , that it can have no other cause than that which they assign , and in this proof they have completely failed . I have already observed , that the burthen of proof ought to rest on those who assert the depreciation of Bank-notes . We who deny it , need only appeal to