own ambition , general Graham at length obtained his long-withheld , long-merited reward . He became a soldier almost by accident , if , indeed , accident could be applied to such a circumstance . In the year 1793 , a noble friend of his ( Lord Mulgrave ) lately at the head of the Admiralty , now at the head of the Ordnance—a friend with whom no difference of public politics ever created a private distention—had the command at Toulon ; and he had declared in his official dispatches that the success against the besiegers , aided as they were by the talents of Buonaparté , was chiefly to be attributed to a private gentleman of the name of Graham . He was not then in the army . With a broken spirit from a domestic affliction , but an undaunted heart , he had rambled through those scenes , by his acquaintance with which he afterwards so essentially benefited our army . From that moment he became a soldier : why did he become a soldier ? because he could render a service to his King and country . He then raised two battalions , and afterwards joined the Austrian army . There were few who were unacquainted with the assistance by which be contributed to the fall of Mantua , as with his almost miraculous escape from that city—an escape not effected by any disgrace to his profession or his country—not made as a spy in secret , but openly 544 as a British officer , bearing the uniform of his King , and braving the vengeance of his enemies . At Malta he acted with the temporary rank of Brigadier-general ; and so gallantly did he behave on that service , that General Pigott , who superseded him , declared he had little else to do than receive the surrender of the place . He then served in the Austrian campaign—a campaign , in which wherever danger was to be found , he was its companion . He next attended his ever-to-be lamented friend Moore to the Baltic , and after that to Spain . In that retreat general Hope , general Moore , and many other brave officers , bore witness , that in the hour of peril , Graham was their best adviser—in the day of disaster , Graham was their surest consolation . ( Mr. Sheridan was here much affected . ) The House must excuse me ( said he ) , but I can not help giving way a little to my private feelings amid the praises of my gallant friend ( loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) . I must give the House a personal instance of that virtue which adorns the man , and dignifies the soldier . When he went into Spain , he carried with him the map of his estate in Scotland ; and on that map , the ground his bed , and the camp-cloak his covering , he planned out future cottages , farms , nay villages , for his tenantry at home . Thus , even midst the toils of foreign warfare , this brave man could not for a moment forget the duties of domestic virtue and social tenderness . I have seen myself the memorial of this virtue , and I can not think its recital unconnected with his present panegyric . No : these are the generous motives , these are the noble impulses , which , pouring out the soul in acts of private benevolence , in time turn into the stream of public honour , and adorn the valorous ardour of the patriot soldier . After the Spanish campaign , general Graham was raised in rank . He was a poor judge of when military honours ought to be conferred , or ought to be withheld ; but ' he could not help at this moment in gratitude recollecting , that the last act of the late Commander in Chief was the restoration of this gallant man to the service . It was the general sentiment of the whole army , that he was the best Commander