of a thousand . His wants might be pressing , the risk under these circumstances was small , and at any rate the punishment distant , while the gain was immediate . The person robbed of some trifling article might not be inclined to prosecute . The injury to him he might know to be trifling ; but the consequences of a conviction he must be aware must be treble to the of-fender . It had also been argued , and he believed with truth , that juries had almost , from the necessity of the case , assumed a discretion which did not properly belong to them ; and that judges were often 651 anxious to get rid of that discretion . Indeed , the judges of this country were desirous of having as little discretionary power as possible . They consented to exercise such a power only because it was necessary for the public interest.—He next adverted to the mischievous tendency of the frequency of sentences of death , when all the spectators must be convinced that hardly one in a thousand would be executed . It was turning that into a solemn mockery , which might be a powerful engine for the prevention of crime ; little less efficacious perhaps than public executions . This practice reflected discredit on the law . He would support the Bill . of Kerry opposed the bill . said , that exaggerated rigour uniformly defeated its own object , and there was a point beyond which its influence would not extend . To punish small crimes with death , therefore , was not only the height of injustice , but it was also extremely impolitic . What opinion would a stranger form of the humanity of England , when he was told that fifty years ago there were more than 160 offences punishable with death . If different gradations of crime , the small and the great , were to receive the same punishment , the greater crimes would be naturally resorted to.—He then proceeded to shew how inconsistent this severity was with the Christian morality , and the danger of lightly condemning a man as unfit to live , who might be more unfit to die . These severe punishments he said , had their origin in the feudal code . It was natural in times of ignorance , to recur to an indiscriminate severity . The most horrible punishment of those times , which was inflicted for parricide , & c. was now laid aside , but the secondary punishment of death for comparative trivial offences , still remained . The law , therefore , either had done too much or too little , in removing the one punishment and allowing the other to subsist . To those who dreaded the consequences of this repeal he would refer to the effects of the alleviation of punishment introduced into Russia by the empress Catherine . Those who objected to the repeal seemed to think that whatever is must be right , for if wrong , it must have been already discovered ; and in this manner error was continued from generation to generation . Whatever fate this measure might have at present , he could not but congratulate his hon . and 652 learned friend ( sir S. Romilly ) on the noble employment to which he had devoted his high talents . Sooner or later the cause he had advocated must triumph , because it was the cause of good sense , humanity and justice . said , he thought the speech of his noble friend who spoke last , as well as the speeches of those who had preceded , partook too much of general discussion , and seemed rather to wander from the question . One would suppose that a new code was intended to be introduced , whereas the sole object of discussion was a short practical question , whether a law should remain which was almost never enforced , or whether the present Bill , which took away in the few instances where that law was executed capital punishment , was more expedient and advisable