statement false , or likely to be false ? Is it not manifestly likely to be true ? Now , what says the Bill on the table ? The preamble of the Bill states , that the act of the 12th Anne `` had not been found effectual for the prevention of the crimes therein mentioned . '' How is this general assertion to be established ? Indeed what is the meaning of the assertion ? It is said , that a certain law has not been found effectual for the prevention of a certain crime . Why ! what law ever was ? Is it meant , that there are more robberies committed in houses now , than there were in queen Anne 's time , or in the time of George the first , and George the second ? It would be very strange , if there were not , considering the great encrease of population , and the still greater encrease of houses , and in the amount and value of personal property . Is it meant that robberies in houses have ehcreased within the last ten years ? It would be equally strange if they had not . The closer our population treads upon the means of subsistence , the more the channels for the outlet out of the fabrics of our productive labour are impeded , the greater the competition of labourers for employment , and the greater the necessities of those who can not find employment at all , the greater , I fear , will ever be the number of crimes , and the less will it be found that any human law can be effectual for its purpose . I should be very unwilling to believe , that the habitual , almost uniform lenity , with which the law has been executed in late years may have contributed to the encrease of this offence . It will hardly be contended , indeed it does not appear to have been ever contended by any one , that cases of robberies in dwelling-houses , by the confederacy of servants , and other circumstances of aggravation , have not been , and may not readily be conceived to be , among the most atrocious of crimes . I will not put cases . They are too obvious . Is the law then too severe ? Or do we not inflict , not merely hold out the threat of capital punishment , in cases , which , in point of moral malignity , are of a much less atrocious complexion ? No , say the supporters of the Bill , we do not complain that the law is practically too severe . We say it is nominally too severe , but practically 637 not severe enough . It would not , indeed , be very easy to prove that its sanction is , even nominally , too high ; if it is admitted that cases have occurred , and may occur , when such robberies would be among the most atrocious of all crimes , much more atrocious than those upon which capital punishment is uniformly inflicted . But I only state their argument . They say the law is nominally too severe , practically not severe enough . It is the practical result of a law , which gives its real operation . In order to make it practically more severe , we must make it nominally less severe . The criminal looks to practical results . In his meditations he reflects , that prosecutors decline prosecuting , juries acquit , judges mitigate , kings pardon , nobody is ever hanged . It might be observed , that this is rather a whimsical series of supposed facts ; for juries could not acquit , unless prosecutors prosecuted ; judges could not mitigate , unless juries convicted ; and kings could not pardon , unless judges passed sentence . But let us imagine and admit the criminal to be moved and seduced by the instigation of a strange species of logic , and to arrive at the conclusion , that he may safely persist in his