said that we were unattended by even a peace officer ; that , however , our duty must be done . `` Lord Ffrench said , he had as high a respect for the laws as any one , and said if the magistrates began at the end of the room , he hoped he should be the last man turned out— . he said , had he been treated as he might have expected , by Mr . Pole , before any harsh step was taken towards a meeting of that body to which he belonged , by having been sent for , he could have so explained the nature of the meeting as to prevent the interference of a magistrate ; he added , that he in his own person had an additional claim , conceiving himself an hereditary counsellor to the crown . `` Mr. Babington said , that the magistrates had the highest respect for his lordship ; that his sole object in remaining was to try the question—we would do any thing to facilitate the matter—that force was repugnant to our feelings , and that we hoped they would quietly submit . Some , gentlemen replied , there was no question to try ; that no individual in the room would resist the laws , and that no force was necessary ; that they would go any where with us . `` Alderman Darley was asked if he 302 count . ] Well then , the account published by the Catholic Committee ; but he says he does not know which to believe . Sir , if that had a written information ; to which he answered that he had . `` Sir Edward Bellow asked , if it was the order of government to disperse any meeting of Roman Catholics ? `` Alderman Darley having information that the Committee was to be there assembled , and having positive directions to disperse the Catholic Committee , conceived himself justified , in reply to Sir Edward Bellew 's question , to say , that his orders were , to disperse any meeting at that house . `` Lord Ffrench then asked him , would he not pause before he took that step—would he shut the door against their right , to petition ? and proposed that he should wait on Mr . Pole , and explain the nature of their meeting . `` Alderman Darley seeming to decline , lord Ffrench then asked alderman Darley , would he commit the peace of the country , and take on himself the responsibility , without making this trial ? Lord Ffrench added , if it was the wish of Mr . Pole , he and any three or five of the gentlemen present would wait on him . Alderman Darley having consulted with Mr. Babington , at length agreed that he would wait upon Mr . Pole . Mr. Babington remained in the room during his absence . Lord Ffrench said , if thought necessary , that no gentleman would leave the room during the absence of alderman Darley , nor should any other person be permitted to enter . Some person said that that could not be , as it was an open meeting . In the absence of alderman . Darley , Mr. Hussey asked Mr. Babington , if he had a written information ? Mr. Babington replied , that he had better not speak on that business till alderman Darley returned . `` Alderman Darley having returned from Mr . Pole , stated , that as lord Ffrench had assured the magistrates that the meeting was not the Catholic Committee , but a meeting of Catholic gentlemen , for the purpose of signing and forwarding their petition to parliament , it was the order of government , that the magistrates should not by any means interrupt them . Alderman Darley having again asked lord Ffrench whether that was a meeting of the Catholic Committee , or a meeting of Catholic gentlemen for the purpose of 303 right hon . and learned gent , does not chouse to believe the account given by alderman Darley and