and singular opinions . The Committee well knowing that no excessive issue of paper could take place whilst Bank notes were optionally convertible into specie , very naturally considered that measure as the original source of the present excess of paper . They were anxious , therefore , to ascertain the sentiments of the governor and deputy governor of the Bank upon the subject , as they had previously come at a knowledge of their opinions respecting their issues and the limits they thought fit to put to them . Accordingly Mr. Pearse was asked : `` What inconveniences would you see 821 in your view of the operation of the restrictive system , to its being a permanent measure , supposing the Bank to regulate its issues in the manner you have described ? '' To which he replied , `` From our experience , and in my view of it , I can see no positive inconvenience likely to result from its being a permanent measure ; nor do I see any advantage that will arise from its being continued when our political and commercial relations will admit of its removal ; and I am Farther of opinion , that in addition to the satisfaction , which , as a Bank director , I should derive from the removal of the restriction ( when the necessity for it ceases ) the feelings of the public would not be satisfied , unless it had in expectation such a change . '' In this opinion Mr. Whitmore concurred . Now I will ask any hon . gent . who hears me , whether he can contemplate the permanence of the Bank restriction , to which these gentlemen can perceive no objection , without the most serious and alarming apprehensions ? Undoubtedly no inconvenience will be felt by the Bank , whilst it enjoys the lucrative traffic in discounts , which has produced to it such an enormous amount of profits since the restriction was first imposed . But will not the public be exposed to inconvenience ? Is it not at this moment suffering all the evils which a depreciated currency and the total disappearance of the precious metals never fail to draw after them ? And what hope of remedy , what prospect of redress of the crying grievance is there , unless by the removal of that restriction , the public in the convertibility of paper into specie shall have a security against the imprudent and excessive issue , which has led to the present depreciated state of the circulation ? But let us see , whether , whilst the Bank directors have placed no limit to their issues but the actual demand , that demand has or has not increased with the increased facility of issues , and the constant and acknowledged practice of the Bank . Upon this point , it appears that if the issues were limited by the demand , the demand has not been stationary . And indeed how should it ? The facility of accommodation must have greatly tended to the encouragement of those desperate speculations which after having first deluded the country with a redundancy of depreciated ' paper , afterwards shook public credit to its foundations by the consequences of their failure . In this gradual 822 and latterly grievous growth of discounts , we have a clear and convincing proof Of the inadequacy of the maxims acted upon by the Bank to guard the public against an over issue of paper and all the evils of a depreciated currency . If we had no other proof of the fact , this alone would be sufficient to expose the fallacy of all their principles , and impress the Committee with the necessity of taking some effectual step , whilst there is yet time to counteract the existing evil , and to guard against its recurrence . But let us hear what Mr. Whitmore says upon this point . Upon being asked ; `` Since the suspension of the Bank payments in cash down to the present time has there been any material extension of its commercial discounts ? '' Mr.