pursue . Not being charged with mutiny , the offence was not capital ; but the only species of punishment which the court was anthorised to inflict was corporeal punishment . They had no alternative . He would put it to the House to say , whether 97 it was not for the court to admeasure the degree of punishment to the degree of gailt ? In his opinion the court had exercised a sound discretion in visiting with a heavy punishment such an offence , attended with so many circumstances of aggravation . If the hon . gent . thought the punishment severe and unjustifiable , it must be because he thought that punishments of that description ought to be inflicted in no case . If this were the real opinion of the hon . gent . he was persuaded that the House would agree with him , that the best mode of altering the law was not by stating in parliament ( and by consequence to the public ) a string , not of facts , but of garbled assertions , many of which were totally void of foundation.—He would now make a few observations on that part of the hon . gentleman 's speech which related to the communications which he had had with the commander in chief . The hon . gent . applied to the commander in chief , for permission to send a person to Curtis with some written questions ( Mr. Wardle replied in the negative ) . He should be sorry to misrepresent the hon . gent. , and therefore he would read the letter , which he happened to have in his pocket . [ Mr. Sutton here read a letter from Mr. Wardle to sir David Dundas , stating that , in consequence of circumstances which he had heard relative to the case of Curtis , he went to Portsmouth , for the purpose of going over to the Isle of Wight to see Curtis , who was confined in the deep-hole there ; but that the badness of the weather prevented him from crossing , and that on the next day his parliamentary duty compelled him to return to town . That on the following day a gentleman , at his request , went with written questions to Curtis , & c. ] He trusted that the hon . gent . was convinced that he had not misrepresented him . The answer of the commander in chief was , that he should be extremely obliged to the hon . gent . to state what the circumstances were to which he alluded , as it was the duty of the commander in chief to inquire into , and , if wrong , to redress them . The hon . gent. , in reply , refused to state those circumstances ; declared that he would bring forward the subject in parliament , and frankly expressed his expectation that in the interval the commander in chief would receive from him , as a member of parliament , directions how to proceed . The hon . gent . concluded one of his letters on this 98 subject , by saying he was convinced that the course which he intended to pursue , would be beneficial to the military service . He believed it was not usual in that House to express a doubt with respect to the goodness of the motives of any hon . gent . ; but if such were the motives of the hon . mover , the deficiency of his judgment and the danger of his means were much to be lamented . Could the hon . gent . induce any one to believe—could he induce even himself to believe , that the interests of the military service were likely to be promoted by encouraging those whose avowed and convicted object it was to endeavour to disseminate dissatisfaction in that service ? Could the hon . gent induce himself to believe that he was promoting the military service by throwing out loose charges against the officers of the regiment ; against the officers of a district ; against the