at their own discretion . They might besides , by this Bill , seize all the poor children in the parish , whether calling for relief or not , and bind them apprentices at their discretion . He understood that many of the most respectable inhabitants of Spilsby had never heard of such a Bill , and that they strongly disapproved of its provisions . He next adverted to some very objectionable provisions in acts relating to the poor , that had passed in former sessions , the St. Paul 's Shadwell ; the St. George 's Southwark acts , & c. and 515 recommended a more strict attention to such Bills in future . He thought that a remedy to these Workhouse Regulations was urgently required , and concluded by proposing that the Bill be read a second time this day six months . wished , that the motion for a month 's postponement should be agreed to , but mentioned that the magistrates of Lincoln had nothing to do with the bill , many of the provisions of which no one could read without indignation . condemned several of the provisions of the Bill , but stated that some of these evils were the necessary effect of the poor laws , which induced the poor to try every artifice to get relief from the parish , and tempted the parish to resort to improper expedients to prevent such demands . He recommended to some person connected with government , to consider of an alteration in the general system . , while he acknowledged that our poor laws were in several respects objectionable , was sorry that they should be thus generally censured before there was any thing to adopt in their stead . condemned the principle of the Bill , and gave it as his opinion , that with proper regulations , the poor might be better supported at one-fourth of the present expence . After a few words from general Tarleton and Mr. G. Vansittart , the Bill was rejected without a division . moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations for the benefit of poor persons in England . A Bill for this purpose had been brought in last session , but dropped on account of the pressure of business at the close . The inquiries that had been formerly made , had proved that there were great abuses in many charitable establishments , and that there was reason to believe many of them had been lost . Altogether they amounted to a great sum , and the object was , by the publicity of registering , that such donations should be preserved and applied to the proper purpose . seconded the motion , and expressed his conviction that great good would result from the measure . He had no doubt the Bill would pass , if gentlemen would only consider the importance of the subject . was a warm friend to the 516 object of the Bill , but doubted whether it went far enough to do much good . The great cause of abuses in charities , it ought not to be concealed , was the expence of the remedy . The only remedy was by information in Chancery , in the name of the Attorney General , at the instance of any person who chose to become a relator . Unless he succeeded , he had the costs to pay for his pains ; and if he did succeed , he might , to be sure , be reimbursed out of the charity , but that , however , at the distance perhaps of several years . Few , under these circumstances , would become relators , and when they did , the trustees frequently designedly protracted the cause , they having the funds of the charity out of which to pay their expences . The best remedy would be to enable the Chancellor to interfere in a summary way on petition . Most of the abuses would soon be reformed by this simple regulation . said a few words in favour of the