the rashness or the wisdom of the measures which led to this deliverance of Portugal , he should not now do his duty , if he had omitted to express his approbation of the manner in which they had been followed up ; if he had not paid the tribute of his applause to those who had persevered in that system . This tribute was not extorted from him by success ; he had stated the same opinions whilst the issue was yet doubtful , and no failure could have induced him to alter them . The right hon . gent . concluded by seconding the motion . observed , that a great part of the speech of the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , would apply to the question upon the army extraordinaries , which was to come on after this discussion , but did not apply to the question then before the House . With respect to the motion of the right hon . gent. , no man in the army , or in England he should say , could rejoice more heartily than he did , in the success of his Majesty 's arms . He concurred most cordially in this vote of thanks . He had on a former occasion opposed a vote of thanks for the battle of Talavera ; but to this vote he should give his entire assent . He was not surprised at any thing that could be achieved by English courage , Irish spirit , and Scotch intrepidity . An army composed of such materials must be irresistible . He could have wished that this vote of thanks had been reserved till after the fall of Almeida ; but that should not make him object to the vote . Still he entertained the opinions he formerly expressed , and considered the system as not judicious . If Buonaparté should not make some great efforts to retrieve his losses , his imperial throne would be shaken ; his iron crown would , with its weight , gall his own head , and the king of . Italy be an outcast from his cradle . But the affairs of the war were not yet finished . He trusted that lord Wellington Would he successful in making the Peninsula rally round him , and Europe make an effort for her deliverance . No honours that the crown could bestow would be too great for him . observed , there appeared but one sentiment in the House , with respect to the merits of lord Wellington and his gallant army . He could not for a moment think that any praise of his would add to the fame of that noble lord Of Lord Wellington , he had never Had but : one opinion , and the consequence was , though his brilliant actions gave pleasure , they were not with him a matter of surprise . With such feelings , he could only say , that he most heartily concurred in the motion . said that he should have regretted the subject of this night 's discussion having gone to a vote without his having had an opportunity of declaring how heartily he concurred both in the vote of thanks proposed from the other side of the House , and in every expression of admiration for the conduct of lord Wellington and the army under his command , which had characterised the speeches of the gentlemen who had preceded him . It was not , he trusted , alone from the individual attachment he bore to the character of the gallant and distinguished officer in question that he was anxious to give the motion his warm support , but from a general conviction that the vote of the House , as now proposed to pass , is the reward of all others the fittest perhaps to be paid to an officer , placed in such a situation as that noble lord , with a mind and feelings calculated like his to appreciate its value , and for services which like his had so splendidly warranted its application . It