press , to offend against the law ; or from an increased eagerness on the part of the present Attorney General , to commence such prosecutions . If the former be the fact , the House will do well to consider what the circumstances are which have given rise to this prone-ness to offend . For it is clear , that it is not true , as is alleged , that the object of the public prints is to propagate mischievous doctrines , and to instil dangerous principles in the minds of the people . 550 The object of these prints is rather to follow than to lead the public feeling . It was lately proved on the trial of the editor of the newspaper called `` The Day , '' who was prosecuted and is now under sentence for a libel , that that very libel was inserted for the purpose of falling in with the popular sentiments , and of thus increasing the sale of the paper . The increase there-fore of libels is a proof of an increased disposition on the part of the people to adopt and fall in with these libellous sentiments ; and I should then say , that if an inclination , favourable to the propagation of such doctrines , does exist among the people , it become '' the duty of this House to investigate the cause of the discontent ; for it is the general bent of the human mind , unless oppressed by great injuries , to remain contented with its situation ; and nothing but real and serious injury can raise at once the cry of a whole country . It is , therefore , an object well worthy the attention of Parliament to inquire what are the increased grievances under which the people labour , and which have rendered popular publications that awaken afterwards the vengeance of the law . If , on the other hand , the increase of Criminal Informations has been occasioned by an over-anxiety to prosecute , it will then be proper for the House to call the Attorney General to account for his proceedings , and to make him shew upon his responsibility , on what principle it is , that ex officio Informations have been so frequently resorted to . The fact , that prosecutions of this sort have increased exceedingly and alarmingly under the present Attorney General , can not be denied ; and upon this simple fact , I would willingly have rested my case ; but as I am given to understand , that the grant of these papers is intended to be refused , it becomes my duty to enter somewhat more into detail . In either case , whether of an increased disposition to offend , or an increased keenness to prosecute , I call upon the House to consider the great and extensive power given to the Attorney General by the privilege of filing Informations ex officio . Although , that privilege may have been extremely proper , and comparatively harmless , at a period when the Press was circumscribed and confined to a very few persons , yet now , when it is become so very extensive , and so many persons in every part of the country are concerned in the management of it ; and when therefore 551 this privilege and power of the Attorney General 's attaches upon and affects so many more individuals ; it becomes quite a different thing . Those Gentlemen who have not maturely considered the subject , can not be aware of the immensity of power , which , under the existing state of the law upon this subject , is placed in the hands of the Attorney General , and how he is enabled to vex and to harrass those against whom he is disposed to file his ex officio Informations . In all other cases where an individual has to contend with the Crown , he is fortified by the rules and forms of the law , which rules and forms serve as a bar against oppression . In cases of High Treason for instance