was absurd in the first instance to propose an oath , for though it might not have the effect of making the debtor perjure himself , it would lead him to forswear himself , which , in his opinion , was making light of the most serious and solemn obligation by which it was possible for man to bind himself . agreed that there was much weight in many of his noble friend 's observations , but they could not induce him to endanger the passing of the Bill . He was so wedded to the principle of it , that he would overlook many imperfections in it , rather than not have something of what it aimed at . If absolute perfection could not be immediately attained in such matters , what was less objectionable should in the mean time be adopted , until they might gradually arrive at that perfection which every noble lord must feel to be so desirable.—He should not therefore oppose the Bill , hoping however that the noble and learned lord who brought it in , would exert his abilities to render it as unobjectionable as possible . supported the arguments of lord Redesdale . He thought the proposing of an oath in the first instance the only practical mode of proceeding under all the circumstances of the case . How else could any thing like correct statements be expected to be given in by debtors , who , in the different and distant prisons of the country , could not be examined as to fair or unfair statements of the amount of their effects in the chief towns of their respective counties ? Ought it not moreover to be a national consideration 365 with their lordships that no facilities should be afforded to the prejudice of the honest creditor ? complained of the expression `` the honest creditor , '' as if it insinuated that those who felt for the unfortunate debtor had lost sight of the claims of the honest creditor . disclaimed any intention of imputing such motives to any noble lord ; and observed , that as the noble and learned lord who brought in the Bill had many amendments to propose , whether it might not be better to allow that noble and learned lord now to propose his amendments , than to have the Bill , as amended by him , printed , and afterwards to re-commit it as thus amended , for the further consideration of their lordships . After some further observations , the suggestion of the Lord Chancellor was adopted . The House resumed . The Bill , as amended , was ordered to be printed , and to be re-committed on a future day— . The House next resolved itself into a Committee on the Arrest Bill , when a similar mode of proceeding in it was adopted . said , that as the time was arrived when the notices should come on , and the members most particularly concerned in his intended motion upon the subject of Ex Officio Informations , were not in their places , he should move that the House do now adjourn , at the same time giving notice that he would bring forward the same motion on Thursday , ( to-morrow . ) was of opinion that a considerable degree of inconvenience would result from agreeing to the motion of adjournment , as there was some public business standing for this day , which ought not to be impeded in its progress through the House . said , that the ground upon which he made the motion was the nature of the new arrangement . He had given regular notice that on this day he should bring the subject of Ex Officio Informations by the Attorney and Solicitors General under the consideration of the House . This was the day when , according to the new arrangement , notices took place of orders , and yet though it was now fire o'clock , the gentlemen were not 366 come down , and several notices were gone through . said , he was sure that the House would not