Peninsula amounted to eleven or twelve millions , seven millions had been sent abroad for grain , the foreign freights amount to four millions and a half , the dividends on stock owned by foreigners in the public funds amounted to 600,000l . and , with a variety of other items , made the sum sent out of the country not less than 20,000,000l . When there was such a drainas that , it was very natural that the price of bullion should have had a very considerable rise . The hon . gentleman thon entered into a comparative statement between the revenue of the country and the issue of Bank notes , in the years 1797 and 1810 , and inferred that , if the issue of Bank paper had kept pace with the revenue , and the imports and exports , on the principle of the rule of three , there should he now 1,000,000l . more in circulation than there actually was ; and if he confined himself to the revenue alone , then , proceeding on the same principle , the notes in circulation ought to he three times as great as in 1797 . An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Marvratt ) who had written a pamphlet on the subject , stated it as his opinion , that a new chattered 1056 Bank ought to be established . The consequences of such a measure would be , that instead of the number of notes being diminished , the circulation of Bank paper would be doubled . Sir William Pulteney had made a similar poposition in the year 1797 , which , however , was rejected . The act of the year 1797 permitted certain of the banking-houses to discount , and of 70 in the metropolis , 36 were allowed that privilege ; of that number , only 20 availed themselves of the privilege , and that to a very limited amount . As to the probable cause of the high price of gold , upon which so many opinions had gone forth , among them was the idea that great quantities had been sent abroad . It was true that South American remittances had been made in metallic currency , because in that country there were no dealings by bills of exchange . When he stated among other causes , that within the last year the coin had been melted down into place the same as in the reign of James 2 , the Committee would not be surprised that there should be found so great a scarcity . Within the last year , at Goldsmiths-hall , not less than 148,000lbs . of silver had been stamped , and also 2,300lbs . of gold , exceeding in amount , the average of former years . These were sufficient causes to account for the scarcity . When gentlemen talked of the depreciation of paper , and produced quotations from pamphlets in aid of thoir own arguments , he trusted it would not be deemed irrelevant if he read an extract from the letter of a friend addressed to himself ; who says , upon the subject of the supposed depreciation of paper , that there existed a mistake in the signification of the word `` depreciation . '' When , therefore , an hon . member had said , that a one pound note and a shilling would most certainly purchase the same quantity of any article as a guinea , and that a guinea was worth more than 21s. , it certainly proved that a guinea was worth more than its nominal value ; but it did not prove that a one pound note was worth Jess than 20 shillings . Much had been said of the necessity of repealing the Bank Restriction act ; whatever might be the opinions of gentlemen on the expediency of repealing that measure was a question which , perhaps , did not exactly ground itself upon the Report of that Committee , or , at least , as appeared to him , it was not necessary for the Committee to make that recommendation . All that was desired