preamble , and similar , he contended , would be found the grounds far some legislative interference on the 138 subject of Ex Officio Informations now . That they were liable to abuse , no man could deny . Those who disapproved them and those who thought them necessary , must concur in thinking them anomalous , at least , in their nature , and peculiarly liable to abuse . Sir Matthew Hale , whose opinion of their illegality he had presumed to question , did certainly , not in an obiter dictum , not on the report of doubtful witnesses , but in his excellent and deliberate work of the Pleas of the Crown , distinctly imply his distrust of the uses to which they might be perverted ; did in the most marked manner record his sense of the danger to which a frequent recurrence of them would be exposed . He says , on criminal informations , that two things are observable ; 1st—That they are not applicable to cases where life or limb are affected . 2dly , That in all criminal prosecutions the most safe and regular method , and the most consonant to Magna Charta and the statutes of Edward 3d , is by the presentment or indictment of twelve sworn men . When this great lawyer says , that it is observable that informations will not lie for crimes affecting life or limb , he does not mean simply to inform his reader of that fact , for in the very page of the work he had told him that they would not ; but he says it is observable , meaning that an inference is to be drawn from it ; and what was that inference ? Why unquestionably that the law itself felt and admitted , that such proceeding was less favourable to the subject than the mode of indictment ; that it mercifully would not expose the limbs and lives of the people to the risks of this more summary proceeding , though in cases leading to less fatal consequences it might allow it to be occasionally resorted to . Yet even in these it is further observable , says that learned and excellent judge , that the most safe , regular , and constitutional method of proceeding , is by indictment of twelve sworn men . He saw the anomaly , he perceived the danger , he warned the public ministers , in that memorable passage , of the consequences of too frequent a use of this formidable weapon , with which the mercy of our law would not even entrust its officers in contests where the existence of the subject was at stake . Oh , but ( it might be said ) lord Hale was averse to these proceedings , because in his time they had been much abused in a way that the law has since regulated and remedied ; besides , it might possibly be added , on the 139 authority of Roger North , Hale , though an excellent and upright man , was in ail his judgments swayed by a bias to popularity , by a laudable but perhaps overstrained attachment to the principles of liberty . Be it so , and let us hear what the apologists , what the admirers of this power of filing Ex Officio Informations say , even when they are urging its propriety and necessity , of its nature and character . He would quote Blackstone , an author to whom all Englishmen were indebted for the perspicuity with which he had explained the laws of his country , but who was never accused of any violent spirit of reform , and whose book , with all its merits both of style and matter , was certainly a laboured , though in a great measure a just panegyric on the whole system of British jurisprudence . Blackstone was so attached to these Informations Ex Officio , that he alledges them ( he read the words ) `` to be necessary not only to the ease and safety but even to the very existence of the executive government