to the effect which this state of affairs would have upon ourselves , upon our allies , upon our enemies , and upon the rest of Europe ; and with his right hon . friend , he was ready to concur that the effect must be considerable with respect to all . To look , first , to the effect it would have upon ourselves , he would ask , whether , when two years ago we had taken the resolution to make our stand in Portugal , when we determined to make that country the theatre of our struggle with France—the question was not considered doubtful , how far we might be able to maintain the contest ? Whether those , even , who thought success attainable , did not feel that it was still a question of doubt ? But , when the determination was formed , those who looked to the contest with confidence , took the most effectual means of realizing their sanguine hopes , by the selection of a man to conduct the operations , whose natural genius and military experience insured the accomplishment of all that was attainable by human sagacity—who , wisely calculating his means , and deliberately comparing them with the end he was to accomplish , would take every necessary measure to insure it . How could the House sufficiently appreciate his merits , when they followed him from the fatigues of the day to repose in his lent ; and contemplated his feeling whilst looking for consolation from home under his laborious duties—when instead of consolation , he found accusation—instead of encouragement , misrepresentation and obloquy—when he found all his dangers magnified , and all the means of the enemy uniformly exaggerated—when every one of his measures was traced to temerity or compulsion , and all the movements of the enemy to wisdom and military skill ? When they took all this into their consideration , it was impossible not to conceive what his feelings must necessarily have been , and not to ascribe his steady and unaltered perseverance in the plan he had previously laid to its final and glorious accomplishment , to real magnanimity and true valour . Whilst exposed to such misrepresentations , he never deigned to notice any of the unfounded statements he saw published upon the Subject : he determined not to reply to them in words , but to let the result put the calumnies and calumniators to shame . During this time he saw all his plans ripening into maturity ; and steadily prosecuting his purpose , he forbore , throughout the whole of his correspondence , from introducing one word expressive of discontent . If there was any thing which could not be contemplated without admiration , it was the case of a man exposed to such misrepresentation , and yet disdaining to indulge in any expressions of his feelings ; 773 deliberately and successively charged with the two most opposite feelings of a general temerity and procrastination , and yet calmly and steadily , pursuing that wise and salutary course which had brought his country to that happy state , when parliament could look back without regret or look forward with hope , and when consequently gentlemen were at length enabled to discuss the question with very considerable advantages . His right hon . friend had in his mind very justly adverted to opinions , which had divided , and fairly divided , the country , as to whether the strength and resources of this country , were equal to maintain the contest in the Peninsula against France—whether we could bring our military means , with any prospect of success , into competition with those of the enemy—whether our strength was not necessarily confined to one element—in short whether some eternal fate by some fixed and irrevocable decree had not separated the trident from the sword ? He did not think with those who inclined to distrust the military means of this country ; but rather leaned to those who thought that this country should either become a great military power , or a vassal of France . She had then