related to the two roads in which major Taylor had a right vested by parliament , of which it would be highly unjust to deprive him . He could not help thinking that the right hon . bart . was not borne out in those charges which he so frequently reiterated of a disregard to the affairs of Ireland . was disposed to give his full measure of praise to Mr. Anderson ( one of the principal individuals interested in this Bill , ) whom he valued both as a friend , a constituent , and a man who had been of the greatest service to Ireland ; but ) having said this , he could not feel himself justified in giving his support to the original motion , which he thought put private interest in competition with public It would be a waste of words to attempt to prove the advantage of the facility of intercourse promoted by the act of last session . He wished that the interests of individuals might be considered , but he could not agree in the repeal of what had been so serviceable , particularly as petitions had been presented from various parts of Ireland against the present measure . supported the original motion . followed on the same side ; after winch the House divided , when there ; appeared— contended , that the parties should be heard by Counsel—and that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had lulled them into the opinion that it would be allowed . said , he must have been misunderstood ; for any-individual who felt himself injured would have had the knowledge that the Bill was to be committed that day , and have counsel ready to attend . said , if he understood the argument of the right hon . gent . before the division , it was , that counsel should be heard on the part of individuals in the Committee ; it was in his opinion the proper place to protect the individual . He would not oppose their going into the Committee , for they might adjourn , and give an opportunity to individuals to support their claims . observed , it was impossible , according to the standing orders of the House , that counsel could be heard on a Committee of the whole House , for the purpose of granting remuneration to individuals . The House then resolved itself into a Committee . moved , '' That the clause obliging stagecoaches which carried more than their number of passengers as by act of parliament , and which were , if they went in contradiction , obliged to pay five shillings toll extraordinaty for each horse , should be expunged . '' Which was supported by Mr. Bernard and Mr. Parnell , and opposed by Mr. Foster and Mr. Croker . The Committee divided , and there not being 40 members in the House , the Speaker took the chair , and counted the House—only thirty-four members appearing , the House was of course adjourned till to-morrow . , in pursuance of the notice he had given previous to the recess , rose to acquaint , the House , that it was 781 his intention on Thursday , the 9th of May , to submit certain propositions to the consideration of their lordships , respecting the acts of the 1st of William and Mary , cap . 18 , and the 19th of the King , cap . 44 . They would relate to some existing abuses ; which he held as not only inconsistent with the due interpretation and meaning of those acts , but with the real and important objects of them . It would be premature at present to enter into any particular statements respecting the propositions he should then have the honour to submit , further than to state , that he proposed bringing in a Bill , of which he should then move the first reading . It would be a Bill to render more efficient the acts in question , as far as they related to Protestant Dissenting Ministers . All he