but slightly connected . If the power of granting places in reversion were taken from the crown , he was at a loss to see why places in possession might not be taken away also . This power had boon vested in the crown for three , four or five centuries ; and had often been exercised for the best of purposes : he was not , therefore , for withdrawing it from the crown , without being sure that such a defalcation from the power of the crown would lead to some general measure of great public utility . Besides , in consequence of the provisions which Parliament had thought proper to introduce into the Regency bill , the power of granting places in reversion was now in abeyance . To agitate the question , therefore , under the present circumstances , would not , in his opinion , lead to any practical good . briefly replied ; and the question being put , That the bill be read a second time , it was negatived without a division . then moved , That the Bill be rejected . thought it was going too far to reject the bill , as that implied an hostility to its principle . To this he could not consent , but under the circumstances of 714 the present moment , he should not object to the postponement of the second reading of the bill for six months . At the same time he must observe , that they were much indebted to his noble friend for bringing this subject forward ; and he trusted that his noble friend would again press ; it at another opportunity . could not but think , that in consequence of the restrictions now imposed upon that power , in , the hands of the Prince Regent , the bill should for the present be rejected . He had no objection , however , to accede to the opinion of the noble earl . It was then moved , That the bill be read a second time that day six months ; which amendment was agreed to . presented a Petition from the merchants of Bristol trading to the island of Trinidad , setting forth `` That the whole body of the inhabitants of the British island of Trinidad , as welt as the merchants of the cities of London , Dublin , Glasgow , Liverpool , Lancaster , and Cork , trading to the said island , have petitioned for the establishment of the British laws therein ; and that the system of jurisprudence at present in force in the said island is wholly incompatible with its commercial relations with this country , and highly prejudicial to the interests of the petitioners ; and praying the House to afford them relief in the premises , either by addressing his Majesty to place the said island upon the same footing as the other British colonies in the West Indies , or by such other mode as to the House may seem most fitting . '' thought his hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer ought to have said something satisfactory on the subject . did not think it necessary to say any thing , as the subject was already under the consideration of his Majesty 's government . moved the committal of the Bill to explain and amend an act passed in the 39th year of his Majesty 's reign , intituled ; `` An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditions and treasonable purposes , and for better preventing 715 treasonable and seditious practices , '' so far as respects certain penalties on printers and publishers . opposed the clause of confining the magistrate to the levying of one penalty only for every publication , however numerous the copies . If this were to pass , the end of the law would be entirely defeated . No man wishing to circulate a mischievous paper , would be deterred by such a consideration . had thought himself fully warranted in proposing that there should be only one penalty for each impression .