? It had been said , what opinions of practical men were there in favour of the Bill ? He would say , that they had the opinion of all the judges , and all the jurors who had been in the practice of administering the laws for many years past , in their favour . Practice was therefore in favour of this Bill . It had been said on the other side , that there was no ground of complaint under the existing laws . The single subject of dispute therefore was , whether the disadvantages were such as to warrant the repeal of those laws , or whether the measure of his learned and hon . friend was more advantageous , and admirably calculated for the prevention of crime . One great disadvantage of the existing system was the disinclination of judges and jurors to execute the laws as painful to their feelings . It was mortifying that the people of England should remain so long subject to the animadversion of the people of other countries , either directed against the laws or the execution of them , and that foreigners should have it in their power to make Englishmen blush for those laws which put judges and jurors in such a situation that they could not discharge their duty . He held in his hands an account of the number of persons committed , tried , and convicted during the last ten years . It was unfortunate , however , that for the last five years , the numbers of those who were committed , and those tried , were not distinguished . This list afforded the most complete practical illustration of the disinclination to prosecute . To what other cause could the disparity between the commitments and trials be imputed . argued generally in favour of the Bill ; and in support of that part of his speech which related particularly to the injurious effects of its being imperative on the Judge by the existing law , to pronounce sentence of death on a person capitally convicted , although he might not have the remotest intention of ordering that sentence to be carried into execution , mentioned an affecting incident which occurred some years ago on the Home Circuit , when lord Kenyon was on the Bench . An interesting young woman was tried for a robbery in a dwelling-house . It appeared to have been her first offence ; and there were so many circumstances of extenuation , that the witnesses very reluctantly gave their evidence , and the jury still more reluctantly ' their verdict of guilty . When lord Kenyon proceeded to pass the awful sentence of the law upon her , the poor creature , who had observed the previous interest which her peculiar case had excited , fell senseless at the bar . Lord Kenyon , who was a man of great sensibility , immediately cried out , in the most hurried manner , `` Good woman , I do n't mean to hang you , I do n't mean to hang 655 you.—Will nobody in the court tell her I do n't mean to hang her ? '' This case made a great impression on himself , as well as every one present . He had frequently heard the same noble lord pass sentence , not only on the prisoner before him , but on the law . He most cordially supported the present Bill . agreed , that it would be an important improvement on the law , if judges were not compelled to pass sentence of death on those who , at the time of passing sentence , they should be of opinion did not deserve a capital punishment . It would make a wonderful difference , however , if capital punishments were entirely to be removed out of the criminal code in every case connected with the objects of the different Bills now before the House . The case cited by the hon . gent . who spoke last was no doubt calculated to awaken the feelings of the by-standers , but it became the House ,