In this country every thing was done by funding . The mass of the evil was to be found in the national debt , and not in the circulating medium . No person could look at 24 millions being the amount of Bank paper in circulation with any degree , of apprehension ; all we had any right to look to with apprehension was this mass of national debt . Till he saw the attention of parliament called to our finance system , he could not think the country safe ; but if we set zealously about it , the object might yet be accomplished with comparatively trifling sacrifices . felt it incumbent on him , as a member of the Bullion Committee , to rescue himself and the Committee from the general accusation of a retrocession from the opinions contained in the Report . In no single instance did such a retrocession exist . A much more serious charge had also been preferred against them , namely , that of having so disregarded all moral considerations , as to treat with lightness the perjury which , in the fulfilment of their duty , they were compelled to state existed in the transactions connected with the exportation of gold bullion from the kingdom . It was rather extraordinary , that a charge like this , wholly unfounded in its nature , should have proceeded from the Vice-President of that very board ( the Board of Trade ) , under which licences were granted , which could be of no avail to those by whom they were obtained , except , through the aid of simulative papers and perjury . It had been said , that no practical man went to the extent of the opinions expressed in the Bullion Report . He presented himself to the Committee solely in the light of a practical man . Although he was persuaded that the scientific consideration of the question was capable of actual demonstration ; yet he would abstain front all theoretical comments , and confine himself to a statement of several facts which it might be important for the House to consider . By some it was contended , that the present system , if not absolutely justifiable , ought to be 1062 persevered in , because it afforded us the best means of opposing the enemy . What ! Were there no means of successfully opposing the enemy but by a currency not founded on true principles ? By others the recurrence to what was also allowed by them to be the true principle of circulation was objected to , on the ground that our great foreign expenditure , the extent of our taxation , and the state of our trade , would not permit it . Let the Committee consider the situation of Hamburgh . Was the trade of Hamburgh good ? Was she free from taxation ? Was she not suffering the most severe and oppressive enactments by which her commerce was nearly annihilated ? But , under all these circumstances of distress , Hamburgh had disdained the cowardice of resorting to a fictitious currency ; and the consequence was , her exchanges were most favourable . What was the state of Holland ? Was not her commerce destroyed ? Was she not taxed to the very lips ? Was she not exposed to all the severities of a military despotism ? Yet Holland had also disdained the cowardice , which ' having committed , this country was called upon to continue ; she had disdained resorting to a fictitious currency , and consequently the exchanges of Holland were favourable . So with regard to Paris . Were the French finances flourishing ? Was the trade of France extensive ? Was her taxation light ? No ; but having preserved a real currency , her exchanges were in a good state . It had been said that the exchanges of Great Britain with Sweden were favourable to this country . This was a fallacious assertion ; for on inquiry , he found that the exchanges of Sweden with Hamburgh were 30 per cent , more in favour of