. In proof of the confidence which this House had placed in the Bank , he would refer to the Exchequer Bills act , which permitted the Bank to advance the whole in some cases , particularly in 1810 , and in other cases half of the loans of three millions , of the million and a half , and of six millions ' out of fourteen millions . Would the House have permitted this without being perfectly satisfied that confidence was well placed ? They had the opportunity of reviewing the conduct of the Bank , and if they had been jealous of their conduct , they ought in justice to the public to have said so . But in truth the House were not suspicious , and it was only in the hon . gentleman 's imagination that the jealousy existed . There was no one instance in the purchase of Exchequer Bills in which the Bank had not gone incompliance with the direction of this House , and had given assistance thereby to the banker and merchant . With respect to the assertions of the hon . gent. , he must deny them altogether . The object which he had in view might be obtained , if he would refer to the Appendix to the Bullion Report , which furnished the information required by his motion ; that Appendix embraced an account from 1798 to 1810 , and on the 5th January 1811 , was delivered in an account , by the chief cashier of the Bank , of the notes in circulation ; so that every thing which he desired was on the table . He must protest against the doctrine of the hon . gent , of interference with the concerns of the company . He did not conceive that the hon . gent . had the right from motives of curiosity , to examine into those concerns , and therefore he must resist the motion . denied that the information was on the table respecting the purchase of even a single Exchequer Bill in the market . He contended , that if they were permitted to go on purchasing , that they might purchase all the Bills in the market , though he admitted it was putting an extreme case . thought that no ground of objection to the Accounts being produced had been laid ; at present he saw no limitation to the issue of Bank paper . rose , and addressed their lordships upon the motion , of which he had on a former day given notice for a Vole of their lordships Thanks to lord viscount Wellington , and the brave army under his command , for their signal and meritorious services during the recent operations in Portugal . When he contemplated all the circumstances of the campaign , the wisdom of the original plan of operations , the cool and steady discretion with which it was prudently carried into execution in all its parts , and the final and happy result of the whole in the deliverance of Portugal , from the presence and oppression of the French army , he could not anticipate the possibility of a dissentient voice to the motion with which he meant to conclude . He would appeal to their lordships recollection as to the impressions of doubt , little short of despair , which pervaded many even of their lordships , when , with the vast accumulation of force which had been placed at his disposal , Massena first collected his formidable army on the frontiers of Portugal , and he would then ask them to contrast the despondence of that period with the well grounded confidence excited by the general result of the operations of the campaign , in order to form an adequate judgment of the transcendent merit of the illustrious general and of the eminent services of his gallant army . The ability which had been so conspicuously displayed by lord Wellington throughout every part of his career in the peninsular campaigns , had fully convinced the French government , that to succeed against such a commander required more than ordinary