those Bills , which would operate in some measure as circulating medium , and would facilitate their obtaining if , 897 would enable them to maintain their prices at a point higher than that to which they otherwise would have fallen . He himself well remembered having in 1796 observed the influence upon prices , which the restriction of the Bank discounts at that period had produced . He recollected to have then heard a West-India merchant , who had failed to obtain from the Bank the whole of his usual and expected accommodation , declare his intention of proceeding in consequence to sell some of his sugar at a somewhat reduced rate ; half an hour after which , he heard a sugar-baker express his indisposition to buy sugar in consequence of the same scarcity of money which he also had experienced . Was it not obvious , that when these two men met in the sugar-market , some fall in the price of that commodity would be the result ? When money was generally scarce , an influence of this kind would diffuse itself over all commodities : it was thus , in short , that general prices were regulated ; and it was absolutely necessary to set out in such an investigation as the present , with the establishment of some great and fixed principles in the mind ; for a thousand points would then become manifest and simple , which otherwise would be contradictory and perplexed . He did not mean to say , that equal quantities of paper would affect the value of equal quantities of goods in an exactly equal degree , under all the varying circumstances which might arise . Far from it . He insisted , however , that augmentation of paper always tended to the diminution of its value , and diminution to its increase . The principle was always operative : its tendency was uniform , though not always productive of an equal effect . A great fall of prices had at one time been experienced in Dublin , in consequence of the suppression of a large part of the currency of the place , as one of the Irish Bank Directors had incidentally observed . The hon . gentleman said he admitted that great pressure , and even calamity , might arise from any sudden and very Violent diminution of the circulating medium : he had himself complained , of what he thought too great and rapid a reduction of the paper of the Bank of England , in the year 1797 , when called upon to give evidence before the Secret Committee of the Lords and Commons on that point . He was as earnest as any man to 898 prevent severity of pressure in any quarter , and having already shewn this disposition in the Bullion Committee , he was anxious to express it also in the House . But he was now investigating principles : he was aiming to shew the tendencies of things ; and such tendencies were often most clearly evinced by the palpable effects manifested in some strong and striking case . Assuming , then , the tendency of every increase of paper to lower its own value , or , in other words , to augment that of commodities exchanged for it ; a point , as he had just observed , admitted on all hands , and so plain as scarcely to demand proof ; he had , in order to establish the second and concluding part of his argument , merely to prove something which was as undeniable as any mathematical proposition , as plain as any common question in arithmetic , and of which he felt just as confident as of his own existence . This was , that supposing an increase of paper to take place , and to augment the general price of commodities in exchange for that paper , it must influence also the state of the Exchanges , and raise the price of bullion . For what , in the first place , do we mean by the rate of our exchanges ? We mean