dangerous than freedom of discussion under a government founded upon blood and supported by injustice . As wisely might the liberty of the press be established at Tunis or Algiers , where the government was not inferior to that of ours in India . He had no hesitation in avowing it as his opinion , that there was as much liberty enjoyed under the government of the dey of Algiers , or the emperor of Morocco , as by the natives under the British government in India . Therefore must any discussion be dangerous that could open their eyes to their present state , or make them reflect that the British were but one million , while they were sixty millions . But if the regulations were , as they had been , approved of by gentlemen opposite , he wished to know why they were so reluctant to produce them ? He thought , that as rules and regulations affecting such a portion of the British empire , they ought to be promulgated ; if , however , they were so wise and salutary , and beneficial as they were said to be , what possible objection could there be to the motion of the noble lord , who only called for their production ? The usual parliamentary objection , that voting for their production implied a cen- 471 sure upon them , could not hold here ; if they were what they should be , promulgation could do them nor the country no harm , and if they were not , they ought to be known . The right hon . and learned gent . had , in speaking of the Madras trials , stated , that permission was asked to publish them , this was a mistake , no such permission had been asked He concluded by stating , that the motion of the noble lord should have his cordial support . did not think that the noble lord had made out his argument in support of the present motion , even upon his own grounds . The noble lord had laid it down as the grounds of his motion , that the regulations were illegal and unjust . This had by no means been made out : still less had it been established that the refusal of permission to publish the trials at Madras had been an undue and inexpedient exercise of power . The hon . baronet had denied that permission had been asked : he begged leave to correct him in that statement , and to assure him , on the best authority , that permission had been asked . There were other reasons justifying the suppression of that publication : one trial took place on the 11th of January , another upon the 2d of March—the publication of the former trial , in the intermediate time , might have operated in an unfair way to the prejudice of either party , and therefore to the prejudice of substantial justice . But the right hon . and learned gent . had reminded them of the state of Madras at that period : it had been justly described as being then in a violent ferment—and under such circumstances would it have been wise to have permitted such a publication ? observed , that the last speaker had avowed , that the object was , to keep the people of India in darkness as to the nature of their government . The more important , therefore , it was , that this House should take care , that our government there , such as it was , should be well administered . He would certainly vote for the motion . contended that despotism had not been established there by England , but that it had been found there , where it had existed for many ages . The introduction of the liberty of the press might lead to the most fatal consequences , and in the present slate of things , would unhinge the whole frame of Indian society . He did not think any case had been made out for the production of the paper