earl was desirous to have it before the House , it was competent for him , or any noble lord , to move for its production . said , he should make a motion to that effect to-morrow . briefly observed upon the nature of the Bill , the object of which was to derive a constant supply from the Militia for the regular army , without interfering with the ordinary recruiting service . The proportion of the Militia to be allowed annually to enlist amounted to about one-eighth , but it was by no means imperative on the government to take the whole amount of this proportion , but , in the exercise of a sound discretion , only such a part of it as might be necessary in aid of the ordinary recruiting to supply the waste in the army . The militia was to be reduced to its old number , to keep up which , enlistment was to be resorted to , including a proportion of boys from 14 to 17 . He was anxious that the ballot should not be struck out of the statute-book , but at the same time it was 736 desirable that it should be resorted to as little as possible . The provision in former bills burdening the counties with the support of the families of enlisted men , and substitutes , was in this Bill left out , it being deemed unreasonable , that where men were not soldiers by compulsion , as in the case of balloted men , the counties should be burdened with the support of their families . The burden would also be lessened by the proposed measure , of enlisting a proportion of boys . agreed in the propriety of the regulation as to the families of enlisted men and substitutes , but wholly differed as to the expediency of the mode proposed by the Bill of supplying the wastes in the army . His lordship entered , into a variety of details , for the purpose of shewing that the Bill , even in the view of those who proposed it , could not answer its intended purpose . The waste in the army , during the years 1808 , 9 , and 10 , had been at the rate of 21,000 men each year , the utmost number to be produced by this Bill , and by the intended bill of a similar nature for Ireland , was 10,000 men , whilst the ordinary recruiting , it appeared by the returns of last year , did not produce more than 9,000 men . Thus , then , the whole number to be produced was 19,000 , and the waste was 21,000 ; so that there would be an annual deficiency of 2,000 men . The operation of the Bill , likewise , would materially interfere with the ordinary recruiting . The average sum given for a substitute in the Militia was 50l . and how could it be expected , with these high bounties in the market , that the ordinary recruiting could be effective , with a bounty of 16 guineas ? The noble earl warmly panegyrised Mr. Windham 's plan , which increased the advantages of the service , whilst it left the market for recruiting without competition . By this , plan , in the first half year of its operation , 11,000 men were produced , and there was every reason to believe , that had it been allowed a longer existence , it would have produced recruits in a much larger proportion . acknowledged he only gave his support to the present measure upon a belief of its indispensible necessity . All were agreed as to the necessity of keeping up our army , and he saw no other effective means of doing so except by the present measure . He agreed in the wisdom of Mr. Windham plan ; but denied that it had produced the numbers stated by his noble friend , there having been , at the time alluded to , an intimation given to render effective the incomplete second battalions ; in consequence