had received from the merchants , and were distressed in consequence of the latter being unable to make the proper returns . Notwithstanding the difficulties which must be felt on the subject , as well with respect to the efficacy of the plan , as on account of the inconveniences which might be expected to arise from it in a case where the necessity was so urgent , he would not in any way obstruct the measure in its progress . The difficulty which chiefly struck him , was in discovering in what respect the present period had any resemblance to the state of affairs in the year 1793 . He also must own that he felt doubts , and only doubts , as to the efficacy of the measure proposed . If he felt more than doubts on this subject , he should oppose the proposition , but his difficulties being confined merely to doubts , which he should now state , it was not his intention to oppose the measure . He hoped his doubts might be removed , and if they went no farther than the objections stated by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , he should not now allude to them . The right hon . gent . had argued , that the state of commercial credit was not owing to a glut in the market of South America , but to the state of Europe . If he could be persuaded of this , he should not think the matter of so much importance . The successes of France had been progressive , and it naturally followed , that the trade to the continent should also have necessarily accommodated itself to those progressive successes and changes as they occurred ; and so the evil must have been less severely felt , if it had not been for other changes . His doubts principally arose from an impression on his mind , that such a case had not been made out as had been proved in the year 1793 . The present 338 Report was built principally on a theory of two respectable gentlemen , who said that great relief and also great good had been derived from the accommodation given in the year 1793 . They agreed , ' indeed , that there was a difference in the state of things at the two periods , but they did not state in what that difference consisted . The Report in the year 1793 laid it down , that the discredit under which paper then laboured had produced a deficiency in the circulating medium , and then went on to state , what , in the opinion of the Committee , would increase the quantity of that circulating medium . The stoppage of one banking-house had then occasioned a distrust of all . Within three months after that , with all the markets of the continent open to us , the markets and manufactories of England were in a state of total stagnation . The public securities were excessively depreciated , Exchequer bills and Navy bills were at 12 or 13 pet cent . discount , and it was impossible to gain discount for the most inconsiderable sum . Was that the case at present ? Quite the contrary . Then there was a great deficiency and diminution of circulating medium . Was that the case now ? Certainly not , but greatly the reverse . Public securities stood then at a discount . Now they bore a premium . At this moment there was no difficulty in procuring discount of bills with good names upon them . No later than that morning Navy bills were discounted at 4½ percent.—The Bank of England had now to complain , not that they had no funds with which to discount , but of a deficiency of good paper to discount . ( Hear ! hear ! by Mr . Rose . ) The right hon . gent , called hear ! but if so , this was not the case in the year 1793 . If he were to trace it back historically