by Parliament in the year 1774 , there is an earlier and not less authoritative recognition in the Report of sir Isaac Newton , in the year 1717 ; . of the existence of which Report I was surprised to hear a right hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Rose ) declare himself entirely ignorant . A person so distinguished as my right hon . friend unquestionably is by great knowledge and indefatigable research , I should have thought , could hardly have missed a document of such interest and importance , and so immediately bearing upon the subject before us . This Report was made by sir Isaac Newton , in his capacity of Master , of the Mint , and is to be found in ; cur Journals , vol . xviii . p. 664 It is too long for me to trouble the House with reading it : but gentlemen will find , upon looking into it , that upon a reference made to him by the lords of the Treasury , as to , the best method of preventing the melting down of the silver ; coin , sir Isaac Newton represents the ; , temptation to melt and export it , as `` arising from the higher price of silver , in other places than in England , in proportion to gold ; '' that is to say , from the circumstance , that the silver coin than 1103 our standard currency , was , by the regulations of our Mint , exchangeable with the gold coin at a rate somewhat lower than that at which it was exchangeable , as bullion , with gold in the general market of Europe . So small was this difference , that the taking of sixpence from the current rate of the guinea was estimated by sir Isaac Newton as sufficient to cure the evil ; and yet , small as this difference was , during its continuance , and by its operation alone , the silver coin of standard weight was daily vanishing from circulation . In this report of sir Isaac Newton , and in the principles which are laid down in it , is to be found the answer to many of my right hon . friend 's ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's ) observations upon that part of the Report of the Bullion Committee which refers to the re-coinage of , the silver currency in the year 1696 . The subsequent disappearance of the new silver coin , is not , as my right hon . friend seemed to insinuate , a proof that the re-coinage at that time had been unadvisedly undertaken ; or that it was not the only cure that could be applied to that depreciation of the currency , which Parliament had attempted in vain to remedy ( as I have already had occasion to state ) by a penal law . It is true that , by a slight error , in the valuation of the two precious metals with respect to each other , the silver coin was rated a small degree below its just proportion to gold ; and that , in consequence , it began to disappear not long after the re-coinage was completed . But this technical error does not in any degree vitiate the principles on which the re-coinage had been adopted . It in no degree diminishes or affects the merit of those who had the courage to undertake , and the firmness to carry through that important work , in spite of the prevalence for a time , even in this House , of prejudices very much akin to those of the present day . Those prejudices were sufficiently strong to defeat for a considerable time the intentions of the government , after they had upon mature deliberation convinced themselves of the absolute necessity of the measure ; but the good sense , temper and perseverance of that administration triumphed in the end ; and it is no disparagement to my right hon . friend , to recommend the example of the administration of 1696 to his serious consideration