that in the disposal of it they might be able to look at the events of the campaign as they might occur ; that , if any reverses or disasters ( which he did not think likely ) should unfortunately take place , whatever portion of it may be unapplied at the time , should not be wasted in a lost contest and a hopeless cause . ( Hear , hear ! ) The right hon . gent . then concluded by moving , `` That a sum , not exceeding two millions , be granted to Ins Majesty , to enable him to continue to maintain in his pay a body of Portuguese Troops , and to give such further aid and assistance to the government of Portugal , as the nature of the contest in which his Majesty is engaged may appear to him to require '' rose and said : —Sir ; had the right hon . gent . confined himself to the mere grant of a subsidy—and it there were no new circumstances attending the proposition at this period compared with last year—I should not , most probably , have said any thing upon the subject . His proposition however is not a naked proposition for a large subsidy to the Portuguese government , but it is accompanied by a formal stipulation of a treaty entered into between the two countries , by which Great-Britain is bound never to acknowledge any sovereign of Portugal except the legitimate heir of the unfortunate house of Braganza ! Taking all these things then together , I , for my part , can not see any limit to the carrying on this war , while this country is able to give a single shilling towards supporting one of the most extravagant plans that could possibly be proposed or adopted.—Where , I must ask , was the utility of binding the government never to acknowledge any sovereign of Portugal but the legitimate heir of the unfortunate house of Braganza ? The right hon . gent . has stated that the Portuguese government are deprived of many resources they were formerly possessed 395 of , owing to the possession of their country by the enemy ; but this is so contrary to all we have heard of before , that I hardly know what story is most worthy of belief . We have had the highest authority , that of the Gazette itself , stating that the part possessed in that country by the French army was confined to the spot they occupied , and that they could not even procure provision for their maintenance . This is not merely my statement , but it is the official information published in the Gazette ; and now we are told , that one great reason for this subsidy is , that so great a portion of that country is under the power and in the possession of the enemy , that the Portuguese government can not draw their supplies as formerly . The right hon . gent . also says we ought to afford this supply , because we are fighting now upon the theatre most fortunate for us , and most unfortunate for the enemy ; a chosen theatre , one that we have selected by preference for the purpose of continuing the war . Does he mean that the space comprehended between Lisbon and Cartaxo is the most chosen theatre to continue the war ? Does he mean to say that we chose that part when we first sent our armies to defend the whole of Portugal ? I thought that then the whole of the Peninsula was our object ; and afterwards , that we limited it to the defence of all Portugal from the dominion of France ; but now I am told that our object is still further limited , and that we only look to the defence of that spot which lies between Lisbon and Cartaxo . The right hon . gent . too , says we must be greatly encouraged to comply with this demand , from the vast success of our efforts last year .