of the Bank of England ; and I think I may venture to assume , from the diligence of the Committee , that , if they could have traced any advance of price in the leading articles of consumption , which could be fairly shewn to connect itself with the alleged excess of notes , they would have annexed , to their Report , tables of the prices current during the period which has elapsed since the Restriction Bill took place . So far from prices having advanced in the two or three last years , since exchanges became unfavourable , and bank-notes are assumed to be depreciated , I believe the fact to be the reverse ; that the rise has been gradual for a series of years past , in degree not more than commensurate with the growth of taxes : and that , in the three last years , when the excess of notes has been most complained of , there has been rather a decline than an advance in the prices current . The most important question , however , remains to be discussed—namely , whether there is any sound principle , on which it can be alledged that Bank-notes are depreciated . It is much to be lamented that such an assertion should have been hazarded , or such a term as depreciation applied , in a parliamentary document , to the established currency of the country . I need not impress upon the minds of those to whom I address myself , what an effect it must produce in Europe , if such a conclusion should receive the countenance of the House of Commons : I trust the Committee will feel it incumbent upon them to 1004 pronounce a decisive judgment to the contrary . But it is impossible not to look with some alarm to the injurious effects upon our public credit abroad , which such a suggestion , from a Committee of this House , is calculated to produce . May not the foreigner interpret the word `` depreciation '' in the sense he has always understood it , as referable to his own depreciated paper currency , viz . that it requires so much more of this paper to purchase any given article of life ? May he not infer , that our Bank-paper is following the same course which the French assignats , and other forced paper currencies , have run , and that our resources may soon be similarly exhausted ? Can we hope that the limited meaning which the Committee alone intend to annex to the word `` depreciation '' will be adverted to , and that a more extended sense will not be given to it ? The Committee , I apprehend , mean to say , that , when the Bank-paper is not convertible at the will of the holder into coin , and when the quantity of gold contained in the coin might , if sold in the market , produce more than its value in banknotes , as regulated by its Mint price , this constitutes depreciation , notwithstanding Bank-notes may continue to command the same amount of produce , or labour , within the country as before : and they further describe the difference between the market price of standard gold in notes and its mint price , as the precise measure of the depreciation thus imputed to Bank-paper . If the Committee choose arbitrarily to annex such a meaning to the word depreciation , when so explained and understood , it is impossible to oppose any other reasoning to the proposition , than to deny such to be the ordinary or fair acceptation of the term . I consider Bank-notes as intended , in common with the coin of the realm , to constitute our domestic circulating medium , and each to bear a certain fixed ratio of value to the other , and to all the other commodities of the country ; the latter , subject however , to the variation of a market price , perpetually fluctuating , and to the progressive advance of price which increase of taxes and