efforts in the field , but by endeavours to draw down ruin upon our hopes , by the progress of time and the consequent accumulation of expences . This language designated the altered character of the campaign ; and upon this ground they were justified in arguing , that the enemy entertained no hope of being able to subjugate the Peninsula , but by driving the British army out of Portugal . This was an operation which they had conceived easy of accomplishment at first ; but now , finding their expectations frustrated , and that the thing was more difficult than they had at first imagined , they were obliged to alter their tone . Now , their object was 393 to continue the contest , campaign after campaign , in the hope of being able ultimately to reduce the British Government , inconsequence of the expence , to withdraw the British army from Portugal . So , then , after all the treasure expended , and all the blood wasted , in the Peninsula , instead of brushing away the insurgents , who were never considered but as objects of their contempt , the French were now to look forward to protracted operations ! France then , it appeared , no longer looked forward to victories similar to those by which she had previously subjugated so great a portion of Europe . Whilst the same spirit continued to animate the brave inhabitants of the Peninsula , even though the French should obtain victories , he trusted they would be followed by disasters as dire and destructive as those which had already attended every step of their antecedent progress . The precise spot , therefore , which had been chosen , was , he would contend , that on which we could hope to carry on operations with most advantage to ourselves , and most inconvenience to the enemy . ( Hear , hear ! ) He would repeat the assertion , ( hear , hear ! ) and he would challenge the hon . gentlemen , who by their cheering in such a manner , seemed to intimate that they did not concur in the sentiment , to point out any spot in Europe where France could have been so successfully resisted ; where more assistance could be expected to be derived from the allies with whom we might have to cooperate ; or where the French army , operating at a distance from its resources , having a lung chain of communications to keep op n , and exposed at all limes to the danger of having its supplies intercepted , could encounter a greater amount of inconvenience or entertain so small a prospect of success ? If that , then , was the fair , the correct and just stale of the case , he could not allow himself to harbour a doubt , that it could be considered as any other than a reasonable ground upon which he was justified in looking with confidence to the concurrence of the Committee in the proposition he had to submit . He was firmly persuaded that the Committee would agree with him , that , as the war must be allowed on all hands to be inevitably to be carried on ; a war , not voluntary on our parts , but imposed upon us by the injustice and aggression of the enemy ; this was the scene most advantageous for us , and most inconvenient for the enemy , in which to 394 continue its operations . He was so deeply impressed with this conviction , that he trusted no objection would be made to his motion . He had already stated , that the sum to be proposed was two millions ; and he had only to add , that he should recommend that the money should be granted generally to the Prince Regent , to be applied by him in such manner , and for such assistance , as may be deemed most advantageous according to the circumstances of the campaign . The grant he proposed to make in this general way , in order