is by some persons represented as sitting ' like a great spider in the midst of its web , and drawing along the living lines and fibres of his net all the gold of Great Britain into an abys from which it is never to return.—By what process this can be effected , except by that of a trade of some sort or other , we are not told , —and I am at a loss to conceive . Among all the dangers of the country , many of them , real and formidable , a danger , hap- 1097 pily more visionary than this was never apprehended by a disordered imagination . That our gold however goes from us , is generally asserted and believed ; and whether by a natural efflux , or by some unheard-of power of magnetic attraction in Buonaparté , is , in regard to the question which we are considering , of little moment . It goes ; and we wish to stop it . It can be stopped effectually only by being retained in circulation at home . It can be retained in circulation , ( as those who raised the denomination of the dollar , and who gave the reasons which were given for raising it , must of all men be the last to deny ) , only by allowing it to pass for what it is intrinsically worth , or what it will fetch in the market . Here , however , I shall be met by an argument which has been urged with much vehemence and solemnity by the right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Vansittart ) that the law absolutely prohibits the exportation of our coin , and that any reasoning therefore , which is founded upon the supposition of that exportation , is not only incorrect , but is of a most immoral and dangerous tendency , as holding out encouragement to perjury and fraud . Let us examine this argument . We are all agreed upon the fact , that gold bullion is at a high price in the currency of this country . We are all agreed , that either as the consequence of this high price or as the cause of it , or both , there is a great scarcity of gold bullion in this country . We are all agreed , that the gold coin has nearly vanished from circulation : and nobody doubts , so far as I have heard , and nobody has asserted more strenuously than the right hon . gent . and those who side with him , that this high price and scarcity of bullion , and this vanishing of our gold coin , are infallible indications of a large exportation of gold ; of which exportation a large part must , as infallibly , have consisted of coin , either melted or unmelted . Upon these facts , I say , we are all agreed . Now I ask , is it not idle , is it not absurd , to assume , for the purpose of argument , a supposed obedience to the law , which notoriously has no existence ; and to deny for the purpose of argument , a fact which is acknowledged by all to be the surest symptom , and contended by many to be the origin and cause , of the evils which have brought us to the necessity of the present discussion ? Is it not wholly unworthy an assembly of legislators , to pre- 1098 tend an ignorance in our legislative capacity of that , which every one of as in hit individual capacity perfectly believes to be true ? Is the existence of a statute which , as we know , is openly violated , and for the most part with impunity , every day in the week , to be pleaded as a bar against any attempt to remedy the evils which confessedly result from its violation ? What then can be more unjust , or more ridiculous , than to represent those persons as countenancing and encouraging perjury and fraud , who only tell