Tunis : was the learned Judge aware how near he approached to the government of those states on the present occasion , when he endeavours to restrain members of this House from making just and constitutional observations on grievances which exist in a most important part of the state ? The right hon . and learned Judge had this night confessed all that he ( sir C. P. ) complained of ; namely , that a blockading squadron , after long and severe cruizing , had captured ships in 1799 ; and that , when we are now speaking in March 1811 , the British fleet had not reaped the re ward of their vigilance and zeal held out to them by their Sovereign and their country . It was no excuse to his mind , and he was sure it must be a very unsatisfactory answer to the fleet , to be told , that the judge is to wait ten years for the decision of another court , who will then have a similar cause to decide on . If this was to be deemed a valid excuse for with holding from the navy their prize money , there never would be wanting persons to urge it ; the delays attendant on the Admiralty Court alone are quite sufficient without resorting to the Court of Appeals , to wait ten years until a case , said to be similar , was decided ; this he thought rather too severe a trial of the patience of the fleet . Will the Committee think it right ? nay , Sir , will they wonder if discontent and dissatisfaction rear its formidable head ? The learned Judge 's ingenuity had carried him to Silesia and to South America , from the north to the south pole , for claimants and for arguments , and he had brought them all into court this night ; but was the delay of this question to be attributed to neutral claimants ? The learned Judge well knows all their interests were decided in a few months ; this was a case of breach of blockade , when , after zealous , persevering and fatiguing services , the squadron were taught to expect the harvest of their labour , they met with mortification and disappointment ; now that the delay is admitted , is confessed by the learned Judge , he ( sir C. P. ) trusted the interests of 145,000 men would be more justly protected in future . He must again be excused , if he repeated to the Committee , that the insinuations of unfairness , thrown out against him , would have no effect on his mind , and as long as he was a member of that House , 485 he should continue to do his utmost to protect the interests of that class of his Majesty 's subjects , now under discussion , whom he thought most deserving of support ; such he felt to be his public duty , and it was not less his inclination , feeling , as he did , every possible attachment for them ; he repeated again , he would say he had no private motive for attacking any part of the conduct of the learned Judge , and he could not possibly have the smallest degree of hostility towards a man who was so deservedly esteemed in his public and private life , whose splendid talents were the admiration of all . He trusted he should not again be suspected of any other motive than his country 's welfare in bringing these subjects forward ; it was of the highest importance to the existence of this country , that the fleet should have no just cause for dissatisfaction ; those gentlemen who are in the habit of considering how much more numerous the governed are than the governors , will think with him , that it is as well that public opinion and justice should be with us ; and do those gentlemen flatter themselves that the sailor is ignorant of the delays , and of the evils and injustice which usually attend