aware , then , that what happened in 1797 , may happen again ; we should remember what has been the lot of the country under the Restriction Bill , and not throw unmerited odium on a system which has carried the empire through such mighty difficulties . We should never forget , that this measure , by supplying the country with a circulating medium of undoubted credit , proportioned to its wants , has , for the first time , solved the problem of reconciling national prosperity with a state of war . In former contests , the country invariably declined in its commerce , in its revenue , and even in its industry . In this war , whilst our exertions , both by land and sea , have in extent surpassed all former efforts , the country has risen in manufactures , internal improvement , revenue and commerce , with a velocity which has never been experienced in a period of profound peace . In the American war , its inevitable termination might be calculated from the decline of our resources ; in this war , we feel that our resources are augmenting , and that there is no necessary limit to our exertions in point of time , so long as the injustice of the enemy shall leave us no other rational choice but perseverance in the contest . What is 998 this owing to ? principally to the Bank being enabled to do its duty by the country , without trembling for its own safety . Instead of ruinously . I mean as far as concerns the interests of the public , at every moment of temporary pressure or alarm , contracting its issues to protect the establishment itself from being drained of its gold , they are enabled to support public credit with a steady hand ; the productive labour of the country , which is its true and only wealth , is not only kept up , but enabled to extend itself ; the taxes are collected with facility ; the loans are raised on moderate terms , and the whole machine proceeds without betraying a symptom of decline . It may be said , if such are the advantages of the system , you must surely mean to render it permanent , at least , as a war measure . My answer is , that I do not hold any such opinion . And why ? Because I do not believe , in ordinary cases of war , and when commerce has its accustomed freedom , that it is necessary to do so . I am , on the contrary , ready to admit , that the adoption of such a measure can only be justified by an adequate necessity . In the present instance , what is the fact ? that the ruler of France has determined , at the price even of inflicting commercial ruin upon those over whom he rules , to exclude your trade from the continent . If he does not succeed effectually in doing so , if much still finds its way , his system has had the effect , comparatively at least , of turning the balance of intercourse against us , and thus influencing the exchange . His decrees are less effectual , to prevent the produce of the continent from finding its way to us , than in excluding our produce from the continental markets . Hence an obvious cause of an unfavourable exchange . In ordinary times , the immediate effect of such an unfavourable exchange would be , by a reduction of price to the foreign consumer , resulting from the advantage of the exchange , to force out a greater proportion of our manufactures : the quantity of bills would be thereby augmented ; and the precious metals would , in but a comparatively small amount , be sent abroad . So long as goods could be applied to settle the account , the price of bullion would not rise materially above its natural price . But now goods can not be sent as in ordinary times . It is