of it , anxiously deprecate its adoption . But , Sir , notwithstanding all these varied and multiplied circumstances of discouragement , it appears to my hon . and learned friend , that something has actually happened , and lately happened to inspire him with confidence , and a confidence well founded , as it is derived from experience ; something , which , even more than lord Coke 's suggestion , urges him to persevere . My hon . and learned friend , when he first , this year , introduced those Bills into the House , observed , that , though he had failed the last year in procuring them to be passed into laws ; yet there was another Bill , upon which he had succeeded . A Bill which repealed the statute of Queen Elizabeth , which took away the benefit of clergy from , persons stealing privately from the person . He stated , that the beneficial effect of his success was already apparent . As the law had before stood , there bad been few committals or prosecutions for such offence ; but now he had the satisfaction to inform the House , that committals and prosecutions had increased , and he doubted not but that abundant convictions and punishment would ensue . He seemed to speak with the exultation of a Chancellor of the Exchequer opening his budget , and amplifying the advantages of some new arrangements . The theme of praise was , increase , abundant produce , plentiful supply . He did not quite boast in the usual strain on such occasions of an accelerated ratio of improvement , —that the last quarter had been singularly productive , — . and so forth ; but he distinctly gave us to understand , that , if the present Bills should pass , and his improved system of management should be thus extended to other departments of depredation , to houses , shops , ships , barges , lighters , wharfs , 625 quays , and bleaching grounds , he was persuaded the same beneficial results might be expected—a happy multiplication of committals , prosecutions , convictions , and punishments , and a mighty congregation of constables , witnesses , prosecutors , criminals , juries , and magistrates , perpetually at work , adding new lustre to the glories of their country , and new energy to its productive efforts . Sir , I will not glance at the fallacious grounds of his exudations . I will not hint that there may have been more committals and prosecutions for picking pockets , because there have been more pockets picked—a fact , indeed , not merely known to the officers of police , but I believe , to every man who hears me . It is a matter of common conversation in every street , that since my learned and hon . friend has succeeded in carrying into effect his new system of management respecting pockets , gangs are forming , and the system , for effecting depredations on the person , visibly ripening . But I pass over the fallacious grounds of his exultations , and I will say generally , that a system of penal jurisprudence , which should have the effect of busying a large mass of the people in criminal prosecutions , misemploying their time , their thoughts , and lessening their productive labour , would be the greatest of curses , and not a blessing . I say this , even if such a system had a tendency to lessen the number of crimes , which I deny , I say it would be buying exemption from crime too dear . I say such a system would be a curse in any country : but in this country it would be the most transcendent of all evils . In despotic countries mild laws may have place ; in such countries prosecution , conviction , and punishment are but a word and a blew : but for us to keep the complicated machinery of our jurisprudence in perpetual motion , a mighty apparatus necessary for the security of our liberties