more than undo a very impolitic measure of the Irish parliament , and give to the public the full benefit of stage coach travelling . But if a case could be made out by which it would appear that Mr. Taylor had sustained an injury , let compensation be given to him by enabling him to collect from the carriages of gentlemen a higher toll , or in any other way that shall be considered most expedient . It was too much to say that , in order to fulfil a mischievous and unwarrantable arrangement of the Irish legislature , that , for fifty years two-thirds of Ireland were to be excluded from the use of stage coaches ; and that those conveyances which were to accommodate the ' middling and industrious classes of the people were to be made to pay a toll twice as great as that paid by tile carriages of the rich.—But whatever appearance of right Mr. Taylor may be able to shew to this double toll , it is quite evident from the words of the act of the 48th of the King that he can not shew that he sustains any injury by the act of last session , allowing stage coaches to carry ten outside passengers—The words are , '' That it shall be lawful to demand at each pay-gate for every stage coach carrying more than six inside and three outside passengers , five shillings for every horse drawing the same , in addition to the tolls directed to be paid . '' This additional payment of five shillings on each horse is nothing more or less than a penalty to prevent more passengers than the regulated numbers from being carried . It is to be paid in addition to the tolls , and therefore can not be considered as the toll itself , or as that which the legislature engaged to give Mr. Taylor , in consideration of his engagement to keep the road in I repair.—Mr . Taylor can not , therefore , so far as the act of last session relates to this penalty , complain of injury , because it deprives him of no source of emolument , and in no degree diminishes or alters the tolls which the Irish parliament engaged to give him.—With respect to those who had petitioned the House not to pass this Bill it was clear that they had a fair claim to be heard : and for this reason it was necessary to appoint a Select Committee—because it was only before such a Committee that the merits of the case of each party and the public could be fully inquired into . It was quite idle to say that the people of Ireland enjoyed the benefit of laying their grievances before parliament , if no attention was to be paid to their complaints when brought forward . If so many petitions as were presented yesterday against this Bill , were to be wholly disregarded , and were inquiry into the allegations of them refused , it was gross delusion to say , that the right of petitioning gave any advantages to the people . The inhabitants of two thirds of Ireland were interested in this Bill , and it was to treat Them with insult to deny them a fair opportunity to set forth their grounds of complaint , and to prevent a measure which would be highly injurious to their interests . spoke a few words in support of the original motion argued in favour of the amendment ; and said that the Bill had been passed in 1798 , when Ireland had been declared in a state of rebellion , and when all subjects of minor interest were unattended to . If the House was disposed to sanction this measure , notwithstanding The various petitions against if , he could only say that he should witness in this , as in other instances , a total disregard of the public voice of Ireland . said , that the object of his right hon . friend was not to repeal the Act generally , but merely such parts of it as