weeks served to shew that lord Wellington was right ; and whatever difference there was in other points , as to result , yet the enemy 's opinion here confirmed the British general 's , as was clearly shewn by his not venturing on an attack . This plan of our general was an original one , and entirely his own . It was formed upon no former plan for the defence of that country ; it was the result of his own excellent judgment , and was now sanctioned by the tribute paid to its merit by the conduct of the enemy himself . When lord Wellington thus found himself in the execution of his own masterly plan , placed in his position at Torres Vedras , two distinct courses of conduct presented themselves to his consideration—whether , taking advantage of circumstances he should seize the earliest favourable opportunity to attack the enemy ; or , availing himself of the impregnable strength of his position , he should leave to the slow but sure progress of scarcity , want and privations , to produce ultimately all the disastrous effects to the enemy that could result from their immediate signal defeat . And here it would not be doing justice to lord Wellington if he did not say , that if any unseasonable delay had occurred , it would not have been imputable to that general . He coolly and carefully examined the question of attacking the French , and wrote fully and fairly to him ( lord Liverpool ) his ideas on the subject . He had stated explicitly that he was perfectly satisfied that he could beat the French army ; but that he must inevitably himself suffer a very considerable loss , since the features of the country , which made his own ground so strong , rendered the position of the enemy little inferior in strength ; besides , the roads were broken up , and many other inconveniences existed . On the other hand , he thought as confidently that the same beneficial results could be procured by delay . He wrote therefore distinctly that he did not mean to move his army , to risk a battle in a place less advantageous than that which he had already proposed . The enemy 's army , too , he further stated , could be relieved only by some calamity befalling that of the allies ; and he did not judge it expedient to put the fate of the campaign on the issue of a battle , upon ground chosen by the foe . He ( lord Liverpool ) wrote to him in reply , directing him to pursue his own judgment ; knowing , from experience , and from personal acquaintance , the value and correctness of that judgment , and that it would point out to him the true line of duty and the sound principle of action . The general wrote again to him , that as there was no other army in the peninsula fit to act against such an enemy as he had before him , the great sacrifice and loss that would be the consequence even of a successful attack , must be considered ; but he had no doubt that final success would be attained by other measures , which appeared to him the only safe and wise ones to be adopted under all the circumstances of the case . Such was the general 's previous opinion : and through the whole of the operations up to the retreat on the 5th of March there never was a moment at which he was not confident of the result by a small sacrifice and wise delay . When , therefore , be compared the just anticipation of the result of his well concerted measures with the full and faithful accomplishment of all his most confident expectations , he trusted that it would not be too much to assume their lordships ' cordial assent to this general conclusion , that there never had been a plan of campaign , a series of operations more uniformly successful , or conducted with more