there was a great spirit of over-trading in the country . He disclaimed having any particular opportunities of information on this subject . rose to support the motion of the hon . gent . He agreed with the gent , who last spoke , that the present circumstances differed in some cases from those of 1793 , and resembled them in others . He thought , however , that should the distresses of the present day be even traced to overtrading , yet if the result of that over-trading had been such as not only to occasion mischief to those who had over-traded , but to those who have not over-traded , the House could have no objection to afford an alleviation , if possible . He had no hesitation in saying , that whatever opinion might be formed of the policy of the Orders in Council , these , on inquiry , would not be found to be the cause of the present commercial distress . said , that it was not sufficient to induce the House to vote an issue of exchequer bills , to state that numbers of merchants had over-traded themselves . Upon such a report being presented to the House he should not think himself justified in giving his vote . He did not mean to say that under certain circumstances of distress , he might not be willing enough to give assistance ; but those circumstances he thought should differ materially from the present . He owned 126 he did not see how a remedy could be afforded to the present evils . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer spoke of the necessity of a speedy report ; but he hoped that sufficient time would be taken to make the necessary inquiries , and for this purpose a week , at least , would be necessary . Were he a member of the committee , he would wish to examine a number of merchants on the subject , and enter upon other inquiries , which would all take up a good deal of time . It would be proper for the House to know what was the state of the present distress , what had produced that state , and what was likely to be the duration of that state : and it would be foolish to give issues of Exchequer bills at present , if at the end of a twelvemonth the evil should still continue . should certainly think the committee were going beyond their duty , were they to enter upon so large a field of investigation as the right hon . gent , would force upon them . To what extent the House might think fit to go into the ultimate and proximate causes of the subject , was another consideration but it was the Committee 's duty to inquire into the nature of the present distress . The House would consider the degree and extent of the distress , and whether it Was advisable to afford a remedy . observed , that from the narrow description of the investigation proposed , he apprehended the qualities for which his hon . friend had been stated to be particularly distinguished , were not necessary , especially if it was intended that the report should be speedily laid on the table . The qualities alluded to would only have been of essential advantage , if the committee were about to inquire not only into the immediate but into the remote causes of the present state of commercial credit . He therefore thought it would be better to leave the names as originally moved . expressed his surprise that the right hon . gent , should have spoken as if he had fallen into some impropriety in naming the hon . gent , near him as a member of this committee , and an impropriety which the Chancellor of the Exchequer had avoided . This was extraordinary , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had immediately assented the moment the hon . gent , had been named ; He had never doubled but the hon . gent . 127 would