corner be explored which contains the ground of their delusion ? In the case of Collins , lord Eldon held , that before he could supersede the commission , the recovery should be fully established by the physicians , as to the whole competence of the party , and under all circumstances . In that case , the noble lord quoted a case , in which he proceeded with lord Thurlow , when that person was chancellor , to get a commission superseded for a party whom after many interviews and various conferences he thought perfectly well , till he came to thank him for his success , when he gave such evident proofs of insanity as made him regret his success . If the noble lord was deceived in that case till the circumstance of success produced marks of the delusion , had he , he would ask , ascertained whether there were any topics upon which particularly his Majesty 's complaint hinged ? Had he , in order to convince himself of the recovery , sought out those topics , and submitted them to his Majesty 's mind ? Or had he studiously abstained from them , and yet ventured to pronounce his Majesty well , while he knew he was yet under the controul of Dr. Simmons and his attendants ? Lord Eldon was the only-one of the ministers who saw his Majesty during his illness in 1804 . Mr. Adding-ton resigned whilst his Majesty was in that state . He could prove all this , and required only the opportunity of doing it . If he should , in establishing the charges he urged against lord Eldon , succeed , it would be necessary to take some proceeding in consequence , in order to prevent that noble lord from remaining in her Majesty 's council . When his inquiry should be concluded , it would be for the House to decide what further measures would be necessary to be taken . The hon . gentleman concluded by moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords , with relation to any Proceedings in the present Session , touching his Majesty 's Illness , so far as relates to the State of his Majesty 's Health in the year 1804 , and to make report thereof to the House . '' as he was the only person then in the House , who had been in his Majesty 's cabinet at the period alluded 69 to by the hon . gent . felt bound in duty to his Sovereign , to the House , and to himself , to take the earliest opportunity of stating his sentiments upon this question . He should not be deterred , delicate and important as the question was , by any delicacy from performing that which he conceived a duty , however painful it might be to him . He must admit , that the hon . gent . had not by any means attempted to colour his statement invidiously ; he would go further , and say , that if the persons in power at the time to which the hon . gent . had referred , could so far forget their allegiance to their Sovereign and their duty to the country , as to abuse the confidence reposed in them , for the purpose of turning it to their advantage or to the injury of their country , they were guilty of a constitutional crime which could not be defended , and which must hold them up to the severest account . The hon . gent . had , he would not say illiberally , but perhaps naturally , directed his particular attention to the conduct of lord Eldon , who held the same high situation then as at present . But he ( lord Castlereagh ) could not , as a man of honour , forbear claiming his full share of the responsibility , and of the blame , if there was any ; which , however , he denied . This was not a mere bravado ; for he