to imagine . Considering the rise in the price of materials since the barracks at Winchester were begun , the difference of 7,000l . in the estimate , could not be considered as very great . denied that he had used either warmth or anger when desiring information , nor did he wish to reflect on the barrack board ; he would give his testimony of approbation to the public conduct of Mr. Markham . was well assured that his hon . friend would not have assumed the dictatorial tone which he had assumed , unless he had been put off his guard . He was glad , however , to extract from him the acknowledgment of the merit of the head of the barrack department . thought the hon . gent . and the House were entitled to satisfactory information , before they voted such large sums of the public money . put it to the Committee , whether he had failed in giving the necessary information . He was not used to be talked to in the dictatorial manner which the hon . gent . had evinced ; his tone and manner ( and he hoped in saying so , he did not speak unparliamentary ) were such as was not fit to address towards him . He had distinctly stated that the sums alluded to were the estimated sums , and not for any work in progress . rose and stated , that though the time of night at which this motion was made , the nature of the debate which had preceded it , and the state of the House , were all extremely discouraging circumstances , still he could not be persuaded to suffer the present Bill to pass without stating what were his impressions on the subject ; and he also thought himself in candour bound to say , having no wish to take gentlemen on the other side by surprise , that he should take the sense of the House upon it , if the House should be in a state to admit of that being done . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not done what he ought to have done , and what he understood , that he had promised to do . He had omitted to introduce a clause into the Bill , restraining the commissioners and also all persons who were members of that House , from participating in the benefits to be derived from the Bill . The Commissioners might be restrained from any such participation , by a feeling of duty , but still a clause to that effect could not be the less proper . To his conception too , members of that House should be excluded , even in a constitutional point of view . If not , this was a new way of creating influence for the crown . He did not impute to the right hon . gent . any idea of influence having been used by him to introduce this mea- 494 sure into parliament ; but still such a thing was possible ; and it was also apparent , that all persons who might , in similar circumstances , come to him , or to any other minister , requesting his influence in carrying through such a measure , must be esteemed dependants on him . This could not be regarded in any other light than as a new species of influence , which must be highly detrimental to the constitution . He came now to the measure itself , of which he must say that not one man liked it . It had no favourer , not even in the person by whom it was introduced . What good , then , was it calculated to do ? The right hon . gent . said , the House could not visit those who had been unfortunate , in a vindictive way . God forbid ! That the House had it not in its power . But did the right hon . gent . think it would be wise in the House to support at the expence