these charges he was sentenced to receive 1000 lashes . The language , however , he had used concerning his commanding officer , was not a thousandth part as bad as what had been said of his commanding officer by a gallant admiral ( sir Eliab Harvey ) who had since been restored to the service . He thought some similar allowance ought to be made in the present case . It was in the recollection of all , that some German soldiers had been taken in the act of desertion , having stolen a boat for the purpose of going over to the enemy . They were taken and tried : but were they sentenced to be flogged ? No ! he believed they never did , nor never dared to put a lash on the backs of German soldiers ; and he saw no reason why British soldiers alone should be exposed to that severity . It was on the 5th of August that Curtis received his punishment . He was at that time so sick and weak , that he was obliged to be supported while they tied him to the halberts . During his punishment he fell into frequent fainting fits ; and having received 200 lashes , he got his election either to take the remaining 800 lashes , or to rot in the West Indies . He , of course , preferred the latter . Although he had only received a fifth of his punishment , he was confined from it in the hospital , from the 5th of August to the 14th of November . The hon . gent , then read a letter from Curtis , written 12 days after the flogging , wherein he mentioned , that `` he would have been very glad if he had been able to bear the remaining 800 lashes , instead of being sent to the West Indies , but the 200 had been administered with such extraordinary severity , that it was not possible for him to bear more . His back was one complete sheet of corrupted matter , which drew from him all his strength , and made him almost unable to stand . '' Having stated thus much , he thought it was unnecessary to detain the House with many observations . He trusted , that if the House would grant him a committee , he should be able to substantiate 92 by proof those facts which he had stated . He concluded by moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the facts stated respecting Robert Curtis , late a Corporal in the Oxfordshire Militia . '' , conscious of the necessity of a strict observance of military duty in an officer who , like himself , had the honour to command a regiment , assured the House that he was ready to meet any inquiry that might be instituted on this subject . He was firmly persuaded that had not corporal Robert Curtis been tried and punished by a general court martial , many unfortunate men of the Oxfordshire militia would have been led to commit acts of the most serious insubordination . Gracious God ! at such a crisis as the present , when the blessings which we enjoy , when our very existence as a nation , depended so materially on the attachment of our soldiers to their officers , was this the precise time for bringing forward a motion of a nature , he believed on his soul , inevitably tending to sap the foundation of the discipline of the army ! He repeated , that he was ready to meet any charge that could be brought forward on the subject , convinced , as he was , that the more the transaction was inquired into , the more apparent would be the rectitude and good conduct of the Oxfordshire regiment . He read a deposition of the soldiers on guard , distinctly denying that they had been bribed , or even desired by their officers to notice Curtis 's conduct , with a view to criminate him ; as also an acknowledgment