finance , and of providing for an indefinite 1113 extension of the public expenditure abroad by retrenching the just value of the payment to the public creditor at home . This is the imputation brought forward by that hon . gent . : and , while I fully acquit my right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) of any participation in this sentiment , I can not but express my regret that he should not have distinctly disclaimed it ; especially as he thought proper to bestow such lavish and unqualified commendation upon the speech in which it was contained , and to declare in more large and positive terms than I think he would upon reflection be disposed to confirm , his concurrence in the general views and doctrines of that speech . But acquitting my right hon . friend altogether of the wildest and most extravagant of the tenets which have been advanced by persons who admit and admire a depreciated currency , I see cause of sufficient alarm in those which he has avowed and maintained . If the causes of the present state of our currency be , as he says , the unfavourable balance of our trade , and the necessary extent of our war expenditure ; if so long as those causes continue to operate , gold must , as he contends , continue to flow out of the country ; if nothing can contribute to recall it , except a turn of the exchanges in our favour ; if that turn can never be produced , except either by the previous turn of the balance of trade in our favour , or by the reduction of our paper currency ; if the balance of trade , having been turned against us by the anti-commercial decrees of our enemy , must continue against us till those decrees are repealed ; and if , of the only other expedient for correcting the exchanges ( viz . the reduction of out-paper currency ) , my right hon . friend , while he admits the efficacy to be probable , denies the application to be possible ; —I am afraid the result of this series of propositions , every one of which I collect from the speech of my right hon . friend , is , not only that we have no remedy for the present evil , but that we are likely to arrive at a term , when all our exertions for the safety of the country must cease , from our absolute inability to maintain them . The precious metals are necessary to feed and sustain our military operations abroad . In all former wars , what went out in bullion for military purposes , was replaced in the course of trade by fresh importations . But now , according to the 1114 argument of my right hon . friend , our commerce itself is but another drain for our bullion , and must continue so as long as the enemy pleases . The time , therefore , must come , when the stream , always flowing and never replenished , will be exhausted ; and when consequently all the operations , whether of war or of commerce , to which it gave motion , will stand still . This , I beg it may be remembered , is not my statement : it is that which I collect from the speeches of those who profess to see nothing requisite to be set right in the present system of our currency . It would be a statement of complete despair , if there were absolutely no check in nature for the course and progress of the mischief . One check—one only check there is ; a check , as I should think , safe as well as effectual . But while we are comforted with hearing from my right hon . friend that such a check might , in hi '' opinion also , be effectual , we hear from him at the same time , that it would be absolute destruction to resort to it . In addition to