trusted every measure would be adopted totally to prevent it . strongly supported the measure now recommended to the House , and begged his hon . and learned friend to accept his warmest thanks for the great trouble and anxiety he had shewn in bringing the matter before the House . He hoped , that as they had a great deal to answer for in allowing so horrid a traffic to exist for such a length of time in this country , the House would now do all they could to make a compensation for the evils they had so long suffered to exist , by providing , by every means in their power , for its total prevention in future . The measure of his hon . and learned friend , he trusted , would have this effect . He had no doubt it would be unanimously agreed to ; but , if it should prove ineffectual , other measures must be resorted to . was sorry to understand , that the illicit trade in slaves had so greatly increased , that if not effectually checked , it seemed as if it would shortly exceed that slave trade which had been abolished . The Chancellor of the Exchequer fully agreed in the necessity of taking every step for stopping so unjust a traffic . He could not suffer the business to pass , however , without distinctly stating that the object of the hon . and learned gent. , as imparted to him , did not go to make the offence a capital felony , but one punishable by transportation or imprisonment . that such was 240 his object in the first instance . He should propose transportation for any period not exceeding it years , or imprisonment for not more than three nor less than two years . It was impossible , however , for him to pledge himself that he might not afterwards , if the present measure was found inadequate , move that the punishment be made capital . though no person viewed the traffic with more horror than he did , was still of opinion , that having been so long suffered to exist , the House ought not at once to go the length of punishing it with death . To the proposition of the hon . and learned gent , as now stated by him , he gave his hearty assent . rose , pursuant to notice , to move a resolution , ordering that no Public Bill should pass that House , unless the same interval should occur between its first and second reading , which took place between the first and second reading of every Irish , Private Bill . He said that it was but fair , . that the Irish should have a fair opportunity of knowing the exact state of their public business in that House . This he conceived to be impracticable under the existing regulations . There was an act then pending in the House , limiting the number of persons concerned in stagecoaches . This would considerably affect private property in tolls , and would in all probability be passed into a law before any portion of those most interested in its-provisions would know any thing of any-such measure having been agitated . After some further observations , he concluded with moving , — '' That , in order to afford to the people of Ireland an adequate opportunity for communicating to parliament their representations on the probable effect of the legislative regulations about to be enacted , exclusively affecting that part of the united kingdom , and thereby to lessen the inconvenience to which they are subjected , by the removal to a considerable distance of the seat of the legislature , it is just and expedient that such an interval of time should be required to elapse between the second reading and the committal of every Public Bill , exclusively 241 affecting Ireland , as is now directed between the first and second readings of Irish Private Bills by the standing order of this House of 30th June 1801 . '' opposed the