was now proposed was , to keep up the same force . Would it be conceivable by any man who heard the speech of the noble marquis , that they were now called on for double that sum ? It was spoken of as a thing of course . It was said they were asked to do nothing more than not to withdraw their assistance . The question , however , for their consideration was very different . It was not whether they were to continue their assistance , but whether , in the situation of this country , it was safe or politic to grant two millions for the support of an additional body of Portuguese troops ? —Of this addition they were told nothing . Last year they were told distinctly what was to be the application of the sum voted—there was something like the semblance of an estimate—they were told that it would be expended on a certain army of Portuguese troops—but now they were not even told that an additional million was wanted , still less were they told how that million was to be disposed of , whether the pay was to be increased , or whether the forces were to be increased , or what was the controul under which the disbursement of that expenditure was to be placed ? —Of all these circumstances they were told nothing—they were left in utter darkness , and the conclusion was conceived to be irresistible , that because one million was granted last year , it became necessary this year to grant two millions . This system , so long as it was persisted in , was hastening the country with accumulating rapidity , to that ruin which seemed almost inevitable . It was not his object to give opposition to this or to that particular grant ; he did not mean to oppose the application of this or of any other particular sum , but he gave his decided opposition to the whole system . The situation of the continent , he contended , was such , that without great assistance from the natives it was impossible , with any military efforts of our 's on the continent , to resist that power which has all Europe at command . When he 453 stated this , it was necessary to guard against misrepresentation . It was undoubtedly roost desirable to this country to witness and to aid in the emancipation of Europe . It was most desirable to keep this consideration constantly in view , that the moment may arrive when this country shall again successfully resist , and may finally overthrow , the common enemy of Europe . But the struggle could never be carried on by this country on the continent single-handed . In conformity to the practice of our ancestors , this country , whose chief strength lies in her navy , can not successfully contend out of her own element , without powerful military cooperation on the continent of Europe . When that subject was first discussed , he had told their lordships , that many modes of acting were open , without compromising or committing their army in vain ; and that the line of conduct pursued required greater efforts than they were able to continue . Undoubtedly , if the question was , whether it was desirable that Spain and Portugal should be relieved from the yoke , millions of treasure , and the lives of thousands , could not be better employed than in so noble a cause . Every emotion of the heart would prompt us to join in so glorious a cause ; every freeman would rejoice that so iniquitous a plan of subjugation should be frustrated . Would to God that such a prospect existed ! no individual would more seriously rejoice at it than he should . He would not only consent that assistance should be given , but he should wish that every sacrifice should be made for such an object . With regard to Portugal , they had , in addition to that common feeling , the long-continuance of treaties and the strong