with the writs of error carried up to the House of Lords . If , then , there was any cause for blame , it ought not to be laid , under such circumstances , at the Admiralty 's door . He begged , however , to say , he did not think such delays were fairly chargeable to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals . He knew what imputations had been thrown out against them ; but it ought to be remembered , that in the eventful period of the last sixteen years , from the situation in which this country had been placed with others , there had been a greater number of important questions before them than had arisen for a century before . It should also be remembered , that they received all the appeals from every court in the kingdom . All this devolved on four or five members of the Privy Council , who sought no remuneration for their labours , and who received none but those injurious censures frequently launched against their proceed- 480 ings . When all this was considered , and he stated to the House , that after so many years there were not more than twenty or thirty appeals remaining before them of all that had been made , though it might hare happened that delays in some instances had taken place , still it must be felt that they were very far from deserving censure . The case had not been six months before them when the subject was taken up . It happened that the necessary witnesses were then in the Mediterranean . Commissioners were obliged to be sent out to Malta and other places , to examine those witnesses wherever they could be found . It was taken up just before Christmas in the year 1808 , and in six months after the cause was determined.—He then proceeded to justify the Court of Admiralty in not proceeding earlier than it usually did to try prize causes . In the present extended scale of maritime warfare in which we were engaged , and which was the cause of our making captures in all parts of the globe , it was necessary that twelve months at least should elapse before a distribution took place , otherwise a man 's property might be captured and condemned before he knew any thing at all of the matter . When the money was ready to be distributed , a new question arose among the gentlemen of the navy , and a third suit was instituted , which the Admiralty Court was obliged to entertain . This caused new delays , which it was obvious they had not the power to avoid , which protracted the case till last November . He then explained the causes of the delays which had subsequently taken place , and concluded with hoping that such attacks would not again be made on slight grounds , nor without previous inquiry . He hoped , before such charges were again preferred , that the whole of the circumstances would betaken into consideration , that it would be remembered who the suitors were . They were brave men , but the lower classes had warm passions , and might grow discontented if they were told their interests were neglected by the Admiralty . They might become dissatisfied without reason , and the most fatal consequences must follow . It should be recollected , the suitors , on the other hand , were subjects of neutral nations , and that consequently , to do justice without delay , was unavoidable . said , it had struck him as an , extraordinary circumstance that no distribution bad taken , place for ten years , On 481 looking , however , into the subject , he had the satisfaction to find that no delay had occurred since that which originated in merciful consideration . When a similar case was before the Court of Appeal , if his right hon . friend had decided on the case sooner , it would have occasioned a great expence to the parties , without accelerating the ultimate