necessity under which the Bank would consider itself to be placed of still continuing to lend at only 5 per cent . It was only by limiting its paper that it could maintain its own cash payments . The reduction would undoubtedly be an evil , but it would be an evil to be balanced against another evil otherwise to be incurred , that of stopping payment , and Ceasing to abide by the standard of value which the King and the law had prescribed ; He was aware that this view of the case was not the most gratifying , and might not be welcome to some gentlemen around him ; but it was the truth , and it was only by the right knowledge of the nature of our situation , that we could expect to come to any just conclusion . Thus , in the second case , exactly as in the first , there would be a reduction of the total quantity of circulating medium , which would be carried so far as to equalize , or nearly equalize , the relative value of our currency and commodities with the relative value of currency and commodities in other countries . Doubtless a pressure night arise which possibly might be considerable : 902 ( A cry of Hear ! Hear ! ) He wished to know whether his principles were admitted . Was it acknowledged , that if we were now paying in cash , as before 1797 , the Bank would thus limit its issues , and by such limitation would lower the price of bullion , and rectify the exchange ? He should be glad to have a distinct affirmative or negative to this question . What degree of pressure might result , was not the main point now under consideration . He did not care at this moment what gentlemen said as to that point . He was in search of a principle . Did they or did they not admit his fundamental position , namely , that when a very unfavourable exchange , resulting from what is called an unfavourable balance of payments , arises , the limitation of the currency of the country serves to limit the evil ? He had shewn , first , that this was the corrective which applied itself in what he had called the state of nature ; and , also , secondly , that this corrective applied itself under that partly artificial system , under which we lived before our cash payments were suspended . He now advanced to his third , which was the present case . The Bank , since they became protected against the necessity of making cash payments , not unnaturally thought that they might use more liberality than they would have ventured to exercise under the same circumstances of our trade , if they had been subject to a drain for cash . They , perhaps , were not much to be blamed on this account . Indeed , they appear not to have believed that a reduction of their paper would mend the exchange , for they had not examined very deeply or philosophically into the subject . They had continued , although the exchanges turned much against us , gradually a little to augment their notes , as they had done for a long time before , they appearing to themselves not to increase , but merely to maintain the existing prices ; and they hoped that the evil of the unfavourable exchange would correct itself . Possibly some new latitude might fairly be allowed under the new political circumstances in which we were placed . It was , however , important not to mistake leading principles , and not to fancy that an exchange running against us with all countries for two or three years , and reaching the height of 25 and 30 per cent . accompanied with a corresponding high price of gold , ought at no time and in no degree to be checked by 903 that limitation of the currency to which nature , as it were , as well as our own practice