true character of commerce , and threatened alarming consequences . If there was any visible or supposed connection between this state of things and the conduct of the Bank , was not that a ground for inquiry ? Sir Francis Baring , a great practical authority , had said , he had known clerks who , with salaries of 100l . per annum , were in the habits of obtaining 731 discounts to the amount of five and even ten thousand pounds . He might quote the late lord Liverpool , in support of the evil to be derived from the creation of factitious capital ; but he was aware this would be called the language of theorists , of men so very wild and speculative as to dream that the resumption of payments in cash at the Bank would be a measure of expedience . It might be urged , that the failure of the late commercial speculations was nothing more than a slight distemper . But did not such distempers tend to produce exhaustion in the body politic , and was not the drain of national capital to be deplored , withdrawn from useful employment , and lavished in prodigal and unsuccessful enterprise ? The paper he should move for had been communicated to the Committee by the Governor of the Bank , under an injunction not to insert it in the Report , and it had since been published in one of the daily vehicles of intelligence . A person had seen it on the table of a director , and had surreptitiously communicated a copy . As it was , however , already before the public , he apprehended there would be the less difficulty in consenting to the object of his motion . It had been urged , that such a production would be prejudicial to the Bank . This he could not understand ; neither could he believe that it was any interference with their private concerns . Could that be called a private concern which went to alter the relative value of every description of property in all its ramifications ? If he were to propose to enquire into the principles which , governed the Bank in their particular discounts , that would be an improper interference ; but when he asked only for a scale of the proportion which the whole amount of discounts at one period bore to the whole amount at another , he did not see what fair objection could be made . Without this paper the House would , in his opinion go after all to the discussion of the great question in the dark . The paper lately presented to the House from the Bank , by no means answered the purpose he had in view . That paper contained nothing , more than an account of the sums advanced at different periods by the Bank to government on the application of the latter . Bat it was impossible for the House to discover by this what the whole amount of the government securities now in the hands of the Bank might be , or what the number of Exchequer Bill which might have been bought by the latter in the 732 market . It was essential to know , not only how far they had gone in accommodating-individuals , but what limits they had pre-scribed to themselves in accommodating government . He must disclaim entertaining what he feared had been imputed to him , any spirit of hostility to the Bank , nor , could he think that any such spirit was evinced by a mere doubt of their infallibility . The real enemies to the Bank were , he was convinced , those who should advise them to resist this motion , or who should attempt to persuade them that power and compulsion could ever supply the place of confidence . The real enemies of the Bank were those who taught them that there was nothing in the present state of paper currency to merit the interposition of that House , or to require the vigilance of the legislature . The hon . gent ,