not an offence coming under the description of obtaining goods by false pretences , which was made , in some instances , a transportable offence , would have the power of claiming the benefit of it , whereby he could remain no longer in prison than six months . Was it reasonable that debts generally contracted otherwise than criminally , should be subjected to so small a degree of punishment ? in addressing himself to their lordships as landholders , he would put the case—suppose they had a tenant under a lease , and he were to injure the premises , hew down and destroy a family mansion , plough up an ancient pasture , and 1170 use means which rendered the whole estate sterile and barren ; in short , if he were to commit to the greatest extent all the acts of voluntary waste , what would their lord ships think , when , by this Bill , after they had proceeded against him , and obtained damages , he could surrender his effects , and after remaining six months in prison , walk out of gaol and laugh at his creditor ? The Bill in its principle was full of vicious objections , and be should therefore oppose the motion for going into a Committee . declared , such was his respect for the opinion of his noble and learned friend , that he never rose in that House to state his sentiments in opposition to such an opinion , but he felt that diffidence which made him distrust his own judgment . But on a question of this nature he had gained such experience from turning his attention to it during a succession of years , that he felt himself confident of having some clear knowledge on the subject . Could their lordships say that there were not evils of great magnitude , which this Bill went to remove ? No man would pretend to state , that the noble and learned lord who introduced the measure did not mean to have it understood , this was a measure which might not require future amendment ? The Bill was not that which accorded with his own notions of what it ought to be , but that would not prevent him from giving it his firm support , for he was persuaded some measure of this description was absolutely due to the justice of our laws , and was confidently expected by the people of this country . All provisions of a legislative nature , when first made , to remove abuses or evils , were experiments , because at the time of framing a law it was impossible for human foresight to calculate all its consequences , or to anticipate all its collateral bearings . But after their entry on their journals of the evils , the abominable and oppressive grievances , which had arisen out of the present practice , that House was pledged to introduce this , or a similar measure , for the purpose of removing such evils ; and if they should abandon every mode of putting an end to so much cruel oppression , their characters would ' be covered with indelible disgrace in the eyes of the country . The present system or practice , he contended , was a mass of rubbish and of oppression , that , ought to be entirely removed ; the soil ought to be removed from under it , before , any super- 1171 structure of justice could be erected on its foundations . Indeed it was a system contrary to all the general principles of our law , that an individual should have it in his power , at his own will and caprice , to hold in prison , for an unlimited time , one of his fellow-subjects . His noble and learned friend had certainly mistaken the object of the Committee ; for he could assert , and assert it without a possibility of contradiction , that in that Committee the same regard was equally extended to the creditor and the debtor . But would his noble and learned friend say