have controul over him . I am indeed ready to admit , that in such countries , there may be few crimes . But we buy exemption from crime too dear , if we purchase it by the loss of happiness and virtue . We may be so swathed , and swaddled , as not to be able to commit crimes . Destroy the free action of our limbs , put us into leading strings , and give us the go-cart , we may-have few vices and few crimes , and may become a very pretty behaved and contemptible people . Under such a system of preventive justice as I have described , a system of penal justice might be expected , to be found more conformable to those characteristic features of that more perfect criminal code , which we are all able to conceive in our minds , and on which the theorists so frequently insist . We might well expect to find punishment more mild , more definite , more 632 proportionate , more certain , and more speedy . No man can be less disposed than I am , to undervalue the works of the theoretic writers on these subjects . In many instances , I greatly admire and applaud their labours . I have read much of their reasoning with delight and instruction . Such contemplations sooth , cleanse , and refresh the mind . We seem to breathe more sweetly and freely , when no longer in faœ Romuli , sed in republicâ Platonis . I do not complain of the theories , but of the misapplication of the theories . These theories find their way , from the speculative works of the abstract reasoners , even into the petitions which now lie on the table of the House . There are two petitions now on the table , from two different bodies of manufacturers , residing in parts of the united kingdom very distant from each other . The one is a Petition from the master calico-printers in the vicinity of London ; the other from the proprietors of bleaching grounds in the north of Ireland . The petitioners are divided in local situation , but not in sentiment ; for both petitions are word for word the same . Both request us , in due conformity to the theories , to substitute certainty for severity of punishment . They seem to think it is only necessary for them to ask for us to give : and most happy should I be to comply with the request , if it was in human competency to grant the boon . It may be perfectly true , as a theory , that certainty of punishment is more efficacious than severity . Assuredly , if every misdeed was sure to be punished , it would not be necessary that punishment should be severe ; and the certainty of an adequate punishment might alone be sufficient to repress the offence . But how can this be in human affairs ? If when I stretched out my hand to do evil , an invisible hand smote me , it might not be necessary that it should strike hard , or strike often . If , from the perversity of my passion , I should still persist , and the blows were to become more frequent , and more severe , I am nevertheless willing to hope , that mild and certain chastisement would be abundantly sufficient to keep me within the path of my duty . But , in human affairs , where is this invisible hand ? How can we secure certainty of punishment ? Certainty of punishment implies certainty of detection , certainty of prosecution , certainty of sufficient legal evidence , and of witnesses disposed to give it , certainty of conviction , and of the 633 correct views and clearness of understanding of the Judge and the Jury , certainty in the disposition and intelligence of those to whom it is intrusted to qualify the operation of the laws . How , I repeat it , can we secure this certainty ? Sir , I