. But look to the present agriculture and commerce of the country . With respect to its agriculture , in what situation were they when called upon to relinquish the main system of that agriculture ? and , with respect to commerce , did they not know , that there was adding to the mass of paper at this moment in existence , the sum of 6,000,000l . as if there was not paper enough already in the country , in order to protect their commerce and manufactures from destruction ? As to the fruits that would result from this measure , he should express himself more fully in a future discussion , and he even here merely considered it as one feature of the waste of those resources to which they were to look in their financial difficulties . A measure something similar took place at a 457 former period , the propriety of which he very much doubted at the time ; but then the evil merely arose from want of confidence in those resources which existed , which had only to be called out ; whereas at this time the evil lay in the stagnation of commerce itself . But he would not dwell on the discussion of this topic , he wished merely to point to the singular period they had fallen on , to vote such enormous sums . They were told that they were not only bound in policy , but that their good faith was pledged to continue their assistance . As to good faith or policy , he could not see that either called for this addition , though aware that the union of interests long subsisting between the two countries might on ordinary occasions have its force ; but they had to recollect , that there was another country with which they were yet more closely and vitally connected by every tie , namely , Ireland . He did not speak of Ireland with regard to the general policy adopted there , nor to show the conduct that reason and common sense would have there adopted , but merely with regard to its financial situation ; and he thought that before they were called on to pay Portugal for the maintenance of her own soldiers , they ought to consider what means they could adopt to fill up the deficiency in the revenue of Ireland . He called upon them to weigh the ways and means that remained for this , as he should be glad to know what these ways and means were . If the revenue of that country was deficient between one and one and a half millions below the ordinary expences , it might be prudent to advert to it before supplying the deficiency of Portugal . On the whole , therefore , he should give his decided negative to the motion , because he disapproved of the whole system ; because three campaigns had more and more shewn its impolicy ; because every circumstance was at present adverse to the prolongation of the contest ; because he saw that system hastening the country fast into a gulph of inevitable ruin ; and because , although at no time justifiable , it was brought forward at a time perfectly irregular and unparliamentaiy , before parliament had any information as to the actual state of resources of the nation , or their adequacy to so large an additional expenditure . was surprised the noble lord should complain that no intimation had been given of the amount of the 458 aid now proposed to be afforded Portugal . Was not the amount of that grant most explicitly staled in the address which had just been moved ? Did it not appear from the votes of the other House of Parliament , now on their lordship 's table ? Had he not himself declared it explicitly on a former night , when the question respecting the amount of the intended subsidy was put to him by a noble lord ? So much for the deficiency of information in that respect , of which the noble lord so loudly complained .