. I am willing to believe , that when he filed these ex officio Informations , he was not actuated by any fondness for `` base lucre . '' It is always unjust and ungenerous to fix such a motive upon any man , and in this I am sure the learned gentleman will be ready to coincide with me . Sir , there is another most important consideration . The Information being filed , there is no limitation as to the time when proceedings shall be commenced . In cases of High Treason , the time is limited to three years . If the prosecution is not instituted within three years 553 and a day , it falls to the ground ; but with respect to these prosecutions by Information , there is no limit at all . The mode pursued , in this respect , with regard to persons attacked by way of Information , is peculiarly hard , because the whole criminality is confined to the publicity of the Libel at the time of its publication . Now , Sir , it is very possible , that a treasonable plot may be kept secret for three years ; but , if it is not discovered during that period , and should afterwards be brought to light , the parties implicated can not be punished . But not so as to the time of filing these Informations . Against the Attorney General there is no limitation : by virtue of his extraordinary privilege , an offence of three , ten , or twenty years standing may be thus visited ; and what increases the hardship is this , that by Statute the accused are compelled to provide their accusers with the evidence against themselves ; for by the 39th of the King , the printers and publishers of newspapers are compelled not only to give in their names to the Stamp Office , but also a copy of each of their papers . And , Sir , as , on the one hand , there is no limitation of the time in which an Information shall be filed ; so , on the other , there is no limitation as to the period when the accusation when made shall be brought to trial . The Attorney General may come into court , and put it off whenever he pleases . I believe there is a process by which the accused may force the court to entertain the question ; but , unfortunately , it has been the custom for nearly one hundred years to try such Informations before a Special Jury . The full number of Special Jurors very rarely attend , and as the King alone has in these cases a right to pray a tales , the Defendant not having this advantage , and the number of Special Jurymen being always deficient , it is evidently in the power of the Attorney General to postpone the proceedings as long as ever he pleases . ( Hear ! hear ! ) With respect , Sir , to Special Juries themselves , I conceive them to be a very great grievance . I will not enter upon the subject at present , because , on a future day , it is my intention to submit to the House a specific motion upon the subject . I will merely observe , that they were originally intended for quite different purposes and resorted to in cases of a totally different nature . In cases of public libel , it is peculiarly hard , that the defendant should be tried before a Special Jury . 554 The individuals composing it , are generally selected by an Officer of the : Crown , and , in point of fact , most of them are persons connected with the Government Offices , and are therefore liable to an undue influence . Besides it is a matter of desire to be on the list from whom these , Special Jurymen are selected , as appears by the publication of sir Richard Phillips , late Sheriff of the City of London , who states that