state , because , in the last year , her revenue had not been so great as was expected.—The right hon . gent , next defended the mode in which the revenue was collected in Ireland . The increase of salaries and the multiplication of persons , in many instances , had been very beneficial . Some of those additional expences had been occasioned by the abolition of fees ; for individuals could not be expected to give up those perquisites without compensation . If the right hon . baronet objected to the 432 measure , why had he not opposed the Bill ? The Incidents of the revenue had also been objected to : they were termed Incidents ; but it was a wrong appellation , many items were included in them which were not incidental . If that , however , were considered wrong , the right hon . baronet might have altered it at a former period . The expences incurred in the Stamp-office department had been called for by the great increase of business.—A table , perhaps , had been provided for the messengers , but certainly none were erected for any superior officer ; nor was such a measure ever contemplated . The new docks were formed on account of the great extension of the warehousing system , which was highly desirable for the trade of Ireland . He did not think the right hon . baronet could wish to have the people of that country deprived of so great a benefit , particularly as the public would be amply repaid for every expence that would be incurred . The decrease in the duty on leather , which was stated by the right hon . baronet , who seemed to think that there must be some defect in collecting it , arose from the great importation of leather ware , harness , shoes , & c. and the extensive exportation of hides . If the right hon . baronet would point out any improper conduct in those who collected either the duty on leather , or any other article , every attention would be paid to his information.—The right hon . gent , concluded by stating , that he would cheerfully accede to any proposition which appeared likely to benefit Ireland : the state of that country deserved the most serious attention of the House ; but he could not agree to send forth a statement to the public which would probably have a very injurious effect . observed , that there was a great degree of difficulty attached to the subject that had been brought before them , which nothing but a fair and candid consideration of gentlemen on both sides of the House could surmount . By that means alone could a plain view of the financial state of Ireland come under their observation . He agreed with what had fallen from his right hon . friend , who had opposed the Resolutions , on the ground that a statement , perhaps inaccurate , should not be sent forth to the country , on a subject of so much importance . He was extremely glad to hear the right hon . gent , declare , that the subject should be brought forward in a manner perfectly 433 intelligible to every person . He hoped that it would be brought forward at the earliest period circumstances would allow . There had been enough admitted on both sides , to prove that there was-a state of things existing in Ireland , on which Parliament should use its own judgment and discretion as to the most wise and prudent measure to be adopted . He was well aware that the growing prosperity of Ireland was such as fully justified the statement which had been made by the right hon . gent . But , while the House were gratified at that statement , it must be allowed that there were features in her financial system which called for the consideration of Parliament The people of England had for many years , with great sacrifice of individual comfort , manfully looking their situation in the face ,