to inform them of the peculiar tenure by which the British government 469 held their power ? He recollected when he was in India , that soon after a certain massacre , a series of ingenious and well written essays , appeared in one of those publications , which were to enlighten the great capital of Calcutta ( in which , let it be remembered , there were at least 100,000 natives , capable of reading English ) , the tendency of which was to prove , with how much ease and safety , by a judicious combination of the natives , the whole European population of Bengal might be exterminated . Was it not wise to prevent the publication of such articles as this ? It would , perhaps , be said , that the publisher might be punished ; but of what avail was that when the mischief was effected ? With respect to the trials at Madras , the noble lord had asserted , that the government of India appeared to be ashamed of the proceedings on that subject . There were two parties involved in this consideration—the courts , and the government . He admitted , that when application was made to the courts for permission to publish the proceedings , the judge alluded to by the noble lord , did make the answer which the noble lord ascribed to him , the propriety or impropriety of which he would not then discuss . The court , however , declared , that they had nothing to do with it ; that they could grant no permission . Then for the government . But first , he must observe , that although regulations existed in India , respecting the publication of newspapers , he did not believe that any regulation existed respecting the publication of books . The person who was about to publish the trials applied for permission to do so to the secretary of the government , probably with a view to give greater sanction to his publication . Permission was refused . What would have been done by the government had the publication taken place notwithstanding , he knew not . He did not think , however , that the government would in such a case have done wrong to punish the publishers ; for it was admitted on all hands , that at that moment the greatest ferment prevailed in Madras ; the judges ( whether properly or improperly it was not the time to enquire ) having thought fit to refer the result of the trials to England for the consideration of his Majesty . Whether or not , however , punishment would have followed the publication , nothing to him could be more evident , than that the government of India would have acted most unwisely , had they under such circum- 470 stances granted a formal permission for a publication of that nature . admitted the necessity of regulations , and acknowledged that a press in India , wholly unrestrained , might be productive of great mischief . But the matter for complaint was , not that regulations were imposed on men before they went out , to which they previously and voluntarily acceded , but that after they had gone out , they found they had to struggle with innovations superinduced upon those regulations , to which they had not only not voluntarily assented , but of which they had not had any idea . was not surprised at hearing the language which had been used by those who opposed this motion : such language was altogether worthy of the country in which the governors were every thing , and the governed nothing . The absurdity was to speak at all of freedom of discussion , or the liberty of the press , when India was the subject . The liberty of the press in India ! `` Risum teneatis , amici ? '' As if a plant of such celestial growth could flourish in the sterile soil of despotism ! Under any such a system of government discussion was indeed to be avoided . Nothing could be more