that the learned lord would have had the charity to recollect that I never had the advantages of those judicial habits from which he has profited so much , and which , as they require from him , so they have , no doubt , taught him that calmness and composure of manner for which he is so remarkable . The practice of such duties , and the exercise of such temper as those duties require , can alone bring the feelings of men to so perfect a state of discipline , and produce , even in the delivery of their strongest opinions , that dignified and dispassionate tone which adds a grace to ail the noble and learned lord 's public appearances , and has so eminently distinguished his conduct on this night 's debate . I fear , my Lords , I shall never attain that composure of manner and command of temper of which the noble and learned lord inculcates the necessity full as much as he affords the example . Indeed , I must acknowledge that I shall not even aspire to emulate the model he holds out to me , and while I admire his precepts , must confess that I have no ambition to follow his example . While , therefore , he retains all the advantages which his approbation of that virtue joined to his practice of it , intitles him to , I snail content myself with intreating your lordships not to impute any unbecoming violence or impetuosity to me , if , convinced of the existence of abuse , I am anxious to detect it ; and it , having detected it I am earnest in soliciting measures of correction and regulation . The noble and learned lord has talked in a high strain of his own heroic contempt of clamour He has held up to your lordships ' admiration his inflexible firmness of character , and his glowing , though rational love of liberty . All this may be so , and I give him credit for the sentiments which he professes ; but though I may vaunt less lealoudly my contempt of clamour , I will tell the noble lord , that unfounded accusation and intemperate virulence of language , 167 be they clamour or be they not , come they from a mob or from an individual , or from what quarter they may , will not deter me from doing ray duty in this House , nor , I trust , prevent one member of it from voting for such inquiry , regulation , or even reform , as he in his conscience thinks beneficial to the country . The invective , which has nothing to recommend it but authority , is as much clamour as the cries and shouts of a mob , and I hope , that , till I hear facts and arguments against the measures I recommend , I shall have the courage and honesty to treat the assailants of them , be they who they may , with a due portion of that feeling which the noble and learned lord so properly reserves for all clamour unfounded in reason . But , my Lords , the motion of this night is not a motion of reform ; it is simply a motion for papers , for documents , for information and evidence on which to proceed ; and , forsooth on that very account it is unmanly ! it is indirect ! Such a charge is not very usual—is it very orderly in this House ? Is any peer to be lightly accused of proposing one thing and meaning another ? For myself , how far my general character warrants such an imputation , I must leave to those who know me best to decide ; but I will say , with confidence , perhaps it may be thought with arrogance , that , on that point , I would hardly decline being tried by my enemies themselves . But , exclusive of my own character , where are the grounds , where is the sense of the learned lord 's accusation