should be an alteration in the value of paper compared with gold . He ( Mr. Baring ) said that was impossible ; restriction itself implied a difference ; and the only question , that could remain must be merely this , should it he more or less ? To what extent should this difference go ? This implied a depreciation . Excess always found its own check ; but the moment restriction came , all check ceased . No extent of trade could ever require a restriction bill ; but when the people came 1060 to raise a fictitious property , they must give it a circulating medium , and as the circulating medium here selected could not support its value abroad , it must lose the requisite elasticity , and produce a balance of exchange against this country . A right hon . gent . on the bench beneath him ( Mr. Vansittart ) , had , said that the funds had nothing to do with this . He on the contrary , thought they had a great deal to do with it . A comparative view of the money raised during the present war would shew this . To the year 1793 , immediately previous to the war , the sum raised was 17 millions and a half . In the year 1794 , the sum was 45 ' millions ; and from this sum it continued to increase , amounting in one year to 96 millions ; and in the present year , by taxes and the loan , the sum raised would be upwards of 90 millions . He , for one , entertained serious doubts if any circulation could be found , not leading the country to ruin , to supply an increase of from 17 millions and a half in the year 1793 '' to nearly 100 millions in the year 1811 . The right hon . bart . opposite ( sir J. Sinclair ) might boast of his improvements in agriculture ; of his highways and canals—and certainly the country was in a high state of improvement—but what degree of improvement would be necessary to feed such a system ? To do so , we must put a fictitious value upon every thing in the country—land let at 20s . must be supposed to be worth 40s . and so on in proportion . He recollected the Income tax was calculated to be raised on a capital of 100 mitions ; but now we raised 90 millions within the year . The Income tax produced about 12 millions , but we rised 90 millions , nearly to the extent of what was once dreaded as the extent of the whole national debt , and to which when the national debt should amount , it was thought the country must be ruined . To support such a system , we must give a fictitious value to property , and must have a fictitious medium of circulation for carrying it on . The first grand step taken by Mr. Pitt was an artificial system of finance . Suppose this to go on , and that instead of 90 millions , we must raise 180 millions . Then , that it should require to be raised to 360 millions . If it could last till we saw this , would the right hon . gent . say that all was right ? But to this it must come , unless a change of system immediately took place ; And when a depreciation of our paper was stated to have taken place , what said the 1061 right hon . gent. ? `` Oh , it is all through the Bank . '' He ( Mr. Baring ) said it all arose from the system of finance . The right hon . gent . himself said last year , that every thing depended on a reform in our finances , and bringing our expenditure and income together . Here , however , he had begun at the wrong end . He should have begun first with finance , and from that have proceeded to paper .