that : in prosperous times , that is , when no run upon the Bank is apprehended , this regulating principle is of little help to the Bank in guiding their judgment with respect to the quantity of paper it may be fit for them to issue ; whilst , in times of difficulty , it leaves them no option but to restrict , for their own security , their issues , often to an extent they know must be prejudicial 1002 to the public interest . When they are under no alarm for their stock of guineas , what other restraint are they subject to , than that prudential reserve which now influences their judgment , in regulating their issues ? The supposition that their issues are at present excessive , rests upon no proof : upon the best estimate which can be made of the total amount of circulating medium now in existence ( including private banker 's notes ) , it does not appear to exceed what existed previous to 1797 , in a greater degree than is required by the immense increase of our trade , revenue , and manufactures , the advancement of agriculture , and every other branch of internal improvement ; the whole conducted under the accumulated expence of increased taxes and advanced prices of labour . The country possesses considerable security against excessive issues , from the rapidity with which any excess is known to return upon the Bank ; and this return can not be better proved than by what may be observed to happen after the dividends are issued , when the additional quantity of notes thrown into circulation , generally amounting to several millions sterling , reduces itself in the course of a few days , and , at the end of a week , or ten days , the bank-notes outstanding are insensibly restored in their former level . But it is said , although bank notes may not be depreciated , the quantity issued is such as to occasion a progressive advance in the price of all commodities , injurious to the interest of the consumer , and ultimately to that of the manufacturer , by its tendency to check export . This idea is formed upon a very mistaken view of the question . I do not mean to contend that the facility of procuring discounts does not encourage speculation , and what is called overtrading ; or that , where such facilities are given , the number of failures will not be augmented ; but then it should be remembered red , whilst some evil is produced by such speculations , much advantage results . What is it but this adventurous spirit of commercial enterprise which enables our merchants to contend against the decrees of the enemy , and to find out , in the midst of war , new channels for our superabundant produce ? This evil will restrain itself . The sagacity of the lender will keep the borrower within bounds , and , in the progress of time , though individuals may suffer , the nation will be benefited . 1003 But the effect of a full circulation upon prices at home I conceive to be the reverse of what is supposed . I admit that the first effect of a reduction of the circulating medium would be to lower prices , the value of the circulating medium itself being enhanced in proportion to its scarcity ; but it would soon operate in a corresponding degree to check reproduction ; and , although the produce on hand would sell cheaper , less being produced , the prices must speedily rise again , the demand continuing the same , from the scarcity of the articles . Whereas , an abundant circulation , encouraging reproduction , the competition between the sellers infallibly lowers the price , and the consumer obtains what he requires on the lowest terms for which the commodity can be profitably produced . For these reasons , I can not admit that prices are injuriously influenced by a redundant circulation , resting on principles such as those which govern the issues