At half past one the further consideration of the question was adjourned till to-morrow . rose and said : Mr. Lushington ; Notwithstanding the evident fatigue of the House , in which I fully shared , when I addressed you at a late hour last night , it was not without some reluctance that I could forego the earliest possible opportunity of expressing my astonishment at the extraordinary manner in which this important discussion has been brought forward . It was , indeed , with no less surprise than regret , that I first found that the Bullion Committee , composed of men so sagacious , so well informed , so conversant in business , so respectable in every point of view ; had formed conclusions so different from those which the evidence before them , as well as the public and well known state of things , would have pointed out to me . I was again surprised to find that my learned and honourable friend , the 920 chairman of that Committee ( Mr. Horner ) , should , after an interval of reflection , of near a twelvemonth , during which time an active and intelligent controversy had been constantly carried on , respecting their Report , still feel his confidence so undiminished , as to propose to make it , without further inquiry , the ground of a legislative proceeding of the utmost importance . But above all , was I astonished last night , to find that the learned chairman , after recommending to the House , in speech of unusual eloquence and ability , to adopt and record upon its journals , all the principles and reasonings of the Bullion Committee , should propose to stop short there , and to postpone the only practical conclusion to which those principles and reasonings were designed to lead . The last Resolution is the substantial practical recommendation of the Bullion Committee . The other Resolutions are only explanatory and introductory , and might , if they were well founded in fact and law , be admitted , and placed on the journals , with perfect innocence , but perfect uselessness . The learned chairman , however , wishes to establish his premises , but he hesitates about his own conclusion . He asserts the existence of an enormous evil , for which he says , we have a safe and certain remedy in our hands ; yet he desires us to recognise the existence of the evil , but to postpone the remedy . I can only see one method of accounting for such conduct , consistently with the known talents and character of the Committee ; namely , that they are not serious in the propositions they have brought forward ; that they either suspect some latent fallacy in their own doctrines , or think them inapplicable to practical purposes . While they feel desirous of saving the credit of the theory , they shrink from the hazard of its application ; and we now see those gentlemen trembling on the brink of the precipice to which they have led the nation , under the delusive hope of safety , and afraid either to advance or to recede . But this suspicion , that the Committee are already fearful of the practical effects of their own doctrines , is strongly indeed confirmed by two other circumstances observable in their late conduct . The first of these is , that the learned gentleman has not thought proper to introduce his motion for a repeal of the Bank Restriction Bill , by a previous mo- 921 tion for a repeal of the laws which prohibit the melting and exportation of our current coin . It is , indeed , very remarkable , that the Committee have in the Report shown great caution and reserve on this subject . They have not , usually , been so diffident ; but on this point they rather hint at , than express , an opinion . They call it a law of `` ancient , but doubtful policy ; '' of `` questionable policy ; '' but they do not