in stating the difference between the present period and that of 1793 , particularly contended , that in the latter period credit was very high , and trade very encouraging , and that the pressure was but temporary . In that opinion it was his belief that his hon . friend had overstated the point , because he well recollected that many of the great houses then embarrassed , became in a short time bankrupt ; indeed , in the neighbourhood of Bristol alone there were no less than six private banks which became insolvent . With respect to the objection which arose from the state of our paper circulation , he had directed his attention most particularly to that subject ; and the result of his inquiry was , that , in place of a redundancy of paper , as the House would be 342 surprised to learn , the present circulation was much circumscribed . As to mercantile gambling , to which an allusion had been made , it might be that such a practice had partially taken place ; and those who resorted to such an expedient had a right to smart under its consequences.—But it was no argument to advance , that , because some merchants went out of their way , therefore others , with fair claims on public liberality , were not to receive relief . That such relief would not be improperly dispensed , there was every probability , from the character and exertions of the commissioners ; who no doubt would , as was their duty , take the most effectual care to obtain not only security , but the fullest satisfaction that the money should be reimbursed within the given period . Some allusion had been made by his hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) to the contractors for the last loan . He ( Mr. Rose ) was not aware of any improper transaction attaching to the nature or circumstances of that contract—it might , have turned out disadvantageous to those who had made that bargain ; but that was no uncommon occurrence ; indeed there were instances of much more disadvantageous engagements of that de scription . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) never did say that no returns were made from South America : but he contended , that when our merchants took returns in the produce of that country , such as coffee and sugar , it was impossible for them to know that the markets of Europe were shut against them . When , in October last , the first application was made to him for the relief now proposed to be granted , he ( Mr. Rose ) was much indisposed to accede to it ; the general principle was against it ; but upon a more detailed examination of the circumstances , he was induced , from the numerous statements of great distress , particularly in the manufacturing districts , to support such a proposition . He denied most strongly that any merchant would be induced to risk adventures from mere statements made in that House . He had himself , in his place , expressed a hope that the markets of South America would afford great scope for British speculation , and that hope was founded on the knowledge , that of eleven millions of British manufactures exported into the United States , only one million was there consumed , while the rest was re-exported to the Southern continent . But from a mere statement of that 343 description he could not surely be made answerable for the extensive and exorbitant adventures which merchants might have afterwards hazarded . , in explanation , stated , that he by no means wished to convey any imputation against the contractors for the last loan . They took perhaps a very natural course . Having made a very disadvantageous bargain , they were obliged to have recourse to more inordinate speculations , by which the public stock was raised to an unnatural price . Were these inordinate speculations successful , they must have been impositions on the public—failing , they must involve