recommend its repeal , nor has the learned gentleman proposed it . Yet it is undeniably certain , that if that law can be effectually enforced , the repeal of the Bank Restriction must , upon all the principles laid down by the Committee , aggravate the very evil for which they propose it as a remedy . For it is evidently impossible for the Bank to resume its payments in cash , without the importation of a considerable supply of bullion for the purpose of coinage . This importation must depress the exchange to at least as great an extent as the purchase of any other article to an equal amount , and we should thus , at a great national loss , only make our condition so much worse . For the purposes of exchange it is perfectly indifferent whether the circulation of the country consists of paper , or of coin which can not be exported . The only mode in which a metallic currency can have a favourable effect on the exchange , is by its exportation . In that manner it will undoubtedly operate to the same extent as an equal quantity of bullion . And , therefore , an abundant currency of coin , by furnishing a supply for exportation , will produce an effect . But if the exportation is prevented , no effect can be produced . To foreigners it is indifferent whether our internal payments are made in gold , or by any other contrivance . Do the Committee then mean that the law will be ineffectual , and that the real though clandestine exportation of coin will take place ? I will not do the Committee—I will not do the learned gentleman the injustice of suspecting they can mean to countenance a system which gives the illegal a decided advantage over the fair dealer , which habituates and hardens the trader in the evasion and breach of the law ; nay , which is carried on by direct fraud and perjury . To repeal the law , would , on the contrary , lay a fair foundation for their system ; and that they have not proposed to do so , affords to my mind a strong presumption , 922 that they feel a latent doubt of its soundness or of its tendency . Another circumstance not less remarkable , is the conduct of those gentlemen with respect to a measure which lately received the sanction of the legislature , and which is now carried into execution ( so far as I can learn ) , with the happiest effects—I mean the Act for the relief of trade by an issue of exchequer-bills . The learned mover of the present question was indeed absent during the progress of that Bill ; but most of the other members of the Committee were present , and several of them took a considerable share in the discussions upon it . Yet not one of those gentlemen opposed that Bill , on account of its direct opposition to the principles laid down in their report , or indeed voted against it on any occasion . The great evil complained of in the report , is a supposed excess of the paper currency of the Bank . Now what were the object and the effect of that measure ? Its object ' was to afford relief to the embarrassments of the merchants and manufacturers , by an issue of paper ; and its effect may be , to increase our paper currency in a few weeks , more than the Bank has ever done in the course of several years . Will it be said that these exchequer-bills are not a paper currency , when they are issued for sums so small as twenty pounds , for the express purpose of being passed in ordinary payments ; and when it is obvious that the whole effect and utility of the measure , depend on their being rapidly thrown into circulation , either directly in the way of payment , or indirectly by means of sale or pledge to the Bank , or other issuers of