my hand a newspaper of the 22d of January , which gives a statement of the proceedings of the Catholic Committee , and I am anxious to read that statement , as it is my wish to make no observation , or to put no questions which are not founded on vouchers incapable of contradiction . The debate , of which this paper gives a statement , took place on the 19th of January , and it appears from it , that Mr. Hay , the Catholic secretary , read a number of letters which he had received from many of the counties in Ireland , in which the names of the managers returned by those counties were inserted . There is a particular remark made on the return of lord Castleross for the county of Kerry , because such an occurrence went to illustrate the unanimity prevailing amongst the Catholic body . This proceeding was circulated as publicly in Dublin , as any advertisement published in any of the London newspapers , twenty-four days before the issue of this Circular Letter . When it was published it appeared to entail silence upon those who , whatever were their privations , still fancied they possessed the privileges of complaint . It is usual almost in all countries to allow that right to the unfortunate . It is not usual in this country to deny to the subject the privilege of approaching with his petition , either branch of the legislature . In this document the Catholic Committee is designated as an illegal 271 meeting : that meeting had , in the view of the Irish government , continued its sitting . Of the statements given in this Dublin newspaper , either the lord lieutenant , or his subordinate ministers , could not be ignorant . I am therefore most anxious to know , why such committee was suffered to proceed unquestioned—why this very measure of adding to their numbers so openly avowed , but which has since in this House , been made the justification of this circular letter , were allowed to go on , from the 1st of January , to the 12th of February following ? The administration did not , perhaps , think itself permanent ; there was at the time a notion of a change ; but surely if such fatal consequences as were attributed , were likely to arise from the proceedings of that committee , no administration could be actuated by such unmanly and selfish views as from such a consideration to avoid the necessary means of averting the evil , and thereby transmit the mischief as a legacy to their successors . It was not , however , till the 12th of February , immediately after his royal highness the Prince Regent was placed at the head of the executive government , under fetters and limitations , that this latter was issued . What made it incumbent that such a measure should take place the moment the right hon . member touched the Irish shores , this night we have the opportunity of hearing explained . It could not surely proceed from any sinister design to involve the government of the Prince Regent in the odium and unpopularity which might be calculated to proceed from such a measure . The House must be desirous to ascertain what the circumstances were which justified the lord lieutenant in not having had recourse to it before ; and what was the nature of the proceedings which justified the right hon . member in issuing it , immediately on his arrival . This law had never before been put in force in Ireland ; and when it was actually necessary to act upon it , against the alleged proceedings of such a portion of its population , one should have supposed that the administration would have had recourse to the wisest , most judicious , and most efficient method of carrying it into operation . The power of carrying acts of parliament into effect in this country is in the crown—in Ireland it is vested in the lord lieutenant , with the advice of the council