the Committee , who have concurred in his general theory as to the state of our currency ; and from the speeches of two other members of the Committee ( Mr. Thornton and Mr. Huskisson ) , who have spoken in the debate , it does not appear that this remedy is to be pressed by them . What then is the situation that parliament is placed in ? The Mouse is called on to decry the system of our currency , to stigmatise the Bank for an erroneous , if not for an abusive administration of its functions , without having any distinct measure of correction suggested for their adoption ; for surely the honourable member ( Mr. Thornton ) can not suppose that we should have advanced much towards remedying this supposed evil , were we prepared to concur with him in assuming that Bank paper might , by possibility , be issued to excess , when he is not prepared to inculpate the Bank , by declaring their issues to be at present excessive . What guide can it be , in the exercise of their trust , to inform the directors of the Bank that we think their issues of notes ought to be limited , if we can not inform them by what principle , or to what amount ? I am sure , were I a Bank director , I should feel utterly incapable , from any thing which ha '' fallen from that honourable member , of judging in what manner I should here after conduct myself , or in what respect I should vary , or depart from , the principles upon which I had hitherto governed my conduct . The only other suggestion , which has been thrown out , is that which fell from the honourable member who spoke last ( Mr. Huskisson ) , namely , that , during the interval of the Suspension Act remaining in force , the Bank should augment its stock of guineas ; that is , that we , without knowing what the extent of the treasure in the Bank now is , should require the directors to go into the market with their notes , at the present advanced 988 price of gold ( for by no other means could they purchase bullion to be coined ) , in order to add to their stock of guineas . The injurious effects which an increased demand for gold must have , upon the present disordered state of the exchanges , the House will compare with the very limited supply it might be possible for the Bank , at this moment , to procure in the market , even at the exorbitant price at which standard gold now sells . That the House has always been reluctant unnecessarily to commit itself , to affirm or deny abstract propositions , I need not remind the Committee—that such a course must be peculiarly hazardous , on such a case as the present , is obvious from the complicated nature of the subject ; but if the Committee should want any special warning to awaken them to a sense of the danger of such speculative judgments , they will find it in what took place in 1804 , in a case similar , in all its leading features , to the present . It is true no attempt was then made to involve the House itself in the decision of the Committee , which sat upon the exchanges with Ireland ; but we can not forget , that , in their Report , the Committee delivered an unqualified judgment , that the extraordinary rise of the exchange against Ireland , amounting at that time to 118 , or about ten per cent . above par , was exclusively produced by an excessive issue of Bank of Ireland paper . And it is the more material to advert to this case on the present occasion , as the Committee , whose Report we are now considering , not only refer to the Report of 1804 , as fortifying their judgment upon the general principles they have laid down ,