I am altogether at a loss to conceive . The ravings of Buonaparté to all Europe of our national bankruptcy , and of our being driven to the use of fictitious paper , were very little regarded ; but , with such an auxiliary as my hon . friend , it is difficult to say how great an alteration in that respect may be produced . * His observations on the credit of our public funds seems to me also likely to be attended with very hurtful consequences with respect to both foreigners and natives . He says , `` If the public creditor does receive his dividend , he is compelled to leave two shillings in the pound , or 10l . per cent . in the hands of the Bank , as lent for the use of the state . He is equally compelled to receive the remaining 18 shillings in Bank-paper ; subject however to the same option of not receiving them at all . A payment in such paper is a virtual deduction from his dividend of three shillings more , or of 15l . per cent . ; just as much a real and a forced deduction , as if it were made directly from 18 shillings of standard money , and under all the powers and penalties of the property act . The public creditor therefore receives 15 shillings in the pound of standard stationary * Something occurred afterwards in the course of the debate , which would have led to a belief that it was Mr. Law 's plan for a Bank in Scotland that was alluded to by Mr. Huskisson in his pamphlet , if that plan , which was never acted upon , had not been entirely dissimilar to the institution and mode of conducting business of the Bank of England . The Scotch plan was for a Bank , the notes to be issued by forty Parliamentary Commissioners , to purchase land , & c. Paper-money to rise 10l . per cent . above stiver . See Law 's account of it in the collection of papers of lord Somers . Mr. Huskisson , in the note at the bottom of p. 135 , alludes directly to the Mississippi scheme . 884 money , and no more . '' May we not here be permitted to ask what the property-tax has to do with this question ; and if not necessarily connected with it , why it was introduced . In a subsequent passage my hon . friend asks , `` Can any one believe that considerate men will much longer look to the public funds of the country as a safe and proper deposit for any permanent provision which they may be enabled to make for their families , if the principles on which the value of our currency now rests , should either be countenanced and supported upon a system , as beneficial to the state , or defended and continued as a necessary evil admitting of no remedy ? '' Considerate men in other countries , as well as in this , have to this hour thought them a safe and proper deposit , and I trust that well-founded confidence will not be shaken even by the authority of my hon . friend . On the subject of the national character he says , `` Whilst our merchants are individually reputed as pre-eminent for good faith and fair dealing , the opinion entertained of us as a nation is , that we are little short of sharpers in trade ; and that whatever we gain by it , is so much lost to those who deal with us . For the countenance given to this opinion , prejudicial to every country , but not least to ourselves , we have , I think , more to answer than the most envious of our neighbours , '' Who we are , is not explained , nor on what ground that opinion is formed by foreigners ( if really entertained by them ) or concurred in by my hon . friend ; it is therefore very difficult to combat