mere substitution 956 of a paper less secure , and of inferior value . But what would be the other alternative ? I beg to state it in the words of an hon . friend of mine , a leading member of the Bullion Committee ( Mr. Henry Thorn ton , ) on his examination before the Secret Committee of the House of Lords in 1797 . He was asked , `` If any considerable proportion of the Bank advances to government had been repaid in the course of the last two years ( suppose to the extent of four or five millions ) , are you of opinion that a reduction in the quantity of Bank notes to that extent could have been made without occasioning great public distress ? `` — '' I am clearly of opinion , that a reduction of Bank-notes to the extent of 5,000,000l . less than their hitherto existing amount , would either produce the substitution of some other paper , nearly to the same , or perhaps to a still greater amount ; or , assuming no such substitution to take place , that it would produce very general , if not universal failures , in the metropolis . '' For this opinion he then gives his reasons , which appear to me perfectly clear and satisfactory . Now I would ask the hon . gentleman—I would ask the House , whether if , in 1797 , while our metallic currency was still abundant , the diminution of Bank-notes to the amount of five millions , would have produced a general bankruptcy in London , what the effect of a proportionate diminution would ' be now ? I would ask them further , whether they are so confident of the success of the plan of the Bullion Committee , so impressed with its benefits , as to think the attempt worth the risk of a general bankruptcy ? Of bankruptcies we have had enough , enough to make the heart ache , and great indeed must be my opinion of the advantages of any measure , deep my conviction of its necessity , before I can consent to run any hazard of extending them further . Having taken this brief review of the Resolutions proposed by my learned friend , I shall shortly touch on those propositions which it is my intention to offer to the consideration of the House , in the event of the rejection of them . The general object of my Propositions is , to show , by a deduction of historical ; facts , that there is nothing in our present situation with respect to foreign exchanges , and the price of bullion , new in its nature ; though in degree , from the 957 concurrence of a variety of extraordinary circumstances , it may exceed what has formerly taken place . It is not , as I have already said , my wish to pledge the House to a recognition of abstract principles , but to record facts , and from them to draw this only inference , that it would be unwise to endeavour , by an alteration in our internal currency , which is in itself impracticable or highly dangerous , to remedy inconveniences which we have no sufficient reason to believe the state of our internal currency has produced . In the place of the first seven Resolutions of the learned gentleman , I mean to propose a general Resolution , stating the right of the sovereign to regulate the legal current coin of the kingdom . In opposition to his doctrine of a fixed and invariable standard of current coin , I am prepared to prove the prerogative of the crown to regulate the standard , by a reference to the soundest legal authorities , and the repeated and acknowledged practice of ages . I must , however , guard against a misrepresentation , in which I find the Chancellor of the Exchequer is involved , as well as myself ; as if I had intended to recommend , and ( which would be much more important ) as if he