a commercial country , where that paper is not I convertible into specie at the option of the holder ? '' To which he answered , `` In this country , if I may judge from experience , I should doubt it ; but if the Bank conducts itself upon the same principles at present when they do not pay specie , as they did when they were compelled to pay in specie , I should think that it might be safely left to the discretion of the Bank . '' And again , `` What do you mean by that experience in this country which leads you to doubt it ? '' `` I mean that in the year 1797 , and some years previous to that , the issue of the Bank notes was not more than 11 millions sterling ; I have seen a printed paper , which has been laid before the House , in which it is stated that the circulation at present of Bank notes exceeds 21 millions ; I am decidedly of opinion that it is more than can circulate with safety to the general circulation of the country . '' With respect to the doctrine laid down by the governor and deputy governor of limiting the issues only by the demand , sir Francis Baring was asked ; `` Do you conceive that the Bank of England will effectually guard against the possibility of any excess in the circulation of the country ( as well their own as the paper of country banks ) if they regulate their issues by the demand for discounts of good bills founded on real mercantile transactions , as the occasions of the public may appear to require ? —It hat 826 been ascertained by long experience , that wherever paper has circulated under , the power or influence of government on the continent , that it has failed . The paper of the Bank of England , has stood firm for above a century , and flourishes at this moment with unabated confidence . The power reposed in the Bank is great ; their paper is the basis on which the best in-rests of the country rests ; it is the seed which serves to produce the whole of its commerce , finance , agricultural improvements , & c. & c. Such a power may remain with safety , so long as the Bank is liable to discharge their notes in specie , because that circumstance constitutes a complete counteraction to any disposition ( if it should be entertained ) to increase the circulation beyond a reasonable and safe limit , and , under that circumstance , things ( foreign exchanges , & c. ) will find their proper level . '' So much I have felt it necessary to say , upon the subject of the evil . If I have succeeded in impressing the Committee with a conviction of its existence , and pointed out its great and primary cause , it will remain for the House of Commons in its wisdom to consider of and to apply the proper remedy . That , which , upon the most mature consideration I could give to this important subject in all its complicated bearings , has suggested itself to my mind , I am prepared to submit to the candid and deliberate decision of the Committee . I am fully aware , that many of those who do me the honour to concur with me up to this point in my Resolutions may differ from me as to the remainder . But notwithstanding any discouragement , which may arise from the defection of those whose support I may hitherto possess , I am not the less persuaded that the remedy pointed out by the Bullion Committee in their Report is the only measure that can be successful . It is undoubtedly a remedy of a description that ought to be administered with great caution , but which sooner or later must be resorted to . At the same time , however , lam free to confess that , if parliament were to stop short ,