commander in chief ; against all whose painful duty it was to execute the law ? If these were the hon . gent . 's sentiments , he did not envy him . The House of Commons had been accustomed to think that , excepting in very strong cases indeed , it was not their province to interfere with military matters ; but the hon . gent . assuming a sort of roving commission , proceeded without scruple to investigate the official duties of the commander in chief , and even went to the extent of using threats and intimidations to effect his purpose . Before he sat down he would say a few words respecting two men mentioned by the hon . gent.—Bellis and Reeve . The hon . gent . chose to declare that these persons were forced out of the country on account of the evidence they had given in Curtis 's favour . The fact was , that when examined on that case , they produced written charges themselves ; and then the hon . gent . expressed his astonishment that the Court did not proceed to an inquiry , which was out of the limits of their power , as for that inquiry they were not convened . The colonel , however , inquired into the truth of these charges , and furthermore , a district court-martial was held upon them ; the consequence of which was , that these two men were convicted of malicious intentions , and sentenced to receive 500 lashes each , a sentence which was afterwards commuted for foreign service ; and this was what the hon . gent . called forcing these persons out of the country on account of the evidence which they had given in the case of Curtis ! 99 With respect to the question which the court would not permit Curtis to put , he had sufficient means of knowing what it was—Curtis wished to ask Bellis whether some other man ( who had not been examined , nor was to be examined in the case ) , had not said something or other ? The court very properly declared that they could not permit such a question to be put , respecting a third person who had not been examined before them , and who was not to be examined . That case , however , was afterwards inquired into . A regimental court-martial sat on the Serjeant alluded to ; he was found guilty , and was reduced to the ranks.—If ever there was a case which , from the beginning to the end , would bear the closest sifting , it was that which the hon . mover had selected for the purpose of proving the misconduct of courts-martial , and the grievances of the soldiery . The hon . advocate general concluded by expressing his gratitude to the House for the patience with which they had attended to him . observed , that if the hon . and learned gent . would be advocate , judge , and witnesss in the same cause , as the hon . and learned gentleman , who had just spoken , appeared to be , it could not be surprising that he should carry every thing before him by the force of his own assertion . This , without meaning any disrespect to that hon . and learned gentleman , seemed to him to be precisely his situation . To the facts stated by the hon . gentleman who brought forward this motion , which were represented as founded only in assertion , the hon . and learned gentleman had replied only by assertions . So that in this respect , both that hon . and learned gentleman and the hon . member who made the motion , were placed exactly on the same ground , with this exception , that the latter undertook to prove and , make good all his assertions . It had been said , indeed , that what had been stated by the hon . mover , was not founded in fact ; but how could that be known ,