1057 of them by the House , was , to report on the causes of the high price of gold . If , therefore , gentlemen wished for a repeal , that was a distinct subject , in his opinion , and ought to have been so brought forward . The hon . gent. , in furtherance of his arguments against the repeal of the Act , instanced the authority of a very great man , sir Francis Baring , who , in a pamphlet published in 1797 , says , `` The situation of the Bank is totally altered in consequence of the drains of gold and silver , and will remain so until the panic has subsided and confidence is restored . Whether the restriction should be suffered to expire , should be renewed , or altered , is a question which can not at present be decided . Upon mature consideration , however , I think it should continue , and I much doubt whether it would not be prudent under certain restrictions , to make Bank notes a legal tender . My chief reason for thinking so is , that public credit ought never to be subject to convulsions , nor to a change even from good to better , unless there is a certainty of maintaining it in that position ; a retrograde movement in public credit is productive of evil consequences , which are incalculable , and , therefore , are averse to the Bank of England resuming their payments during the continuance of the war . `` —It was his most anxious wish that the Bank should return to the old system ; but it was also his firm opinion , that such an experiment should not be risked during the war . On the subject of the difference of exchanges affecting the price of gold , that , in some degree , might be true . The interruption of the intercourse with America no doubt affected the exchange on the continent , as bills could not be readily negociated there . If the removal of the restriction were to be acceded to , he was very apprehensive that it would open the flood-gates , and let all the coin of the country out ; and then there would be little chance of seeing it back . Besides , it was to be remembered that the money was detained for useful purposes , which must be obvious without his naming them ; but if let loose , it would get into the hands of the enemy , and consequently was much safer where it was . The effect of sending out twenty millions of specie in 1801 and 1802 , was to overturn the state of exchanges on the continent . He repeated he was most clearly of opinion , that the restriction ought to be continued during the war , and 1058 should enter his solemn protest against its being taken off sooner . thought it perfectly superfluous in him , after the able discussions which the principle and details of the Report had undergone , to enter at length into that part of the subject which had been so fully gone into . He begged , however , to throw out his opinion , and view of a question , which he conceived of the most extreme importance . His opinions as to the exchange , were certainly conformable to those stated in the Report , and detailed in the speech of the hon . and learned gentleman who had brought forward the question . He certainly agreed that there was a depreciation of our paper currency , for no other term except that of depreciation , could he find capable of conveying his meaning ; his wish , by the use of the term depreciation , being to convey that it no longer bore that value which attached to the precious metals it purported to represent . He did not agree , however , that this depreciation was to be attributed solely to the excess of the circulation of paper , but to the state of trade , and the