the Catholics to do nothing in contravention of the law ; but with respect to any threat as to the Convention Act , not only was that not so , but the thing was never even thought of , or in contemplation . His wish was for information on a subject of such importance , and therefore he must vote for the motion . He was not a person who would countenance an infraction of law , nor did he know that any such existed . said : —Sir ; upon a question of this kind , so immediately connected with the city of Dublin , I should feel it difficult to content myself with a silent vote . Differing materially as I do with those gentlemen , with whom I have hitherto been in the habit of acting , I am the more anxious to be distinctly understood.—Whatever necessity the right hon . gent . might suppose to have existed for putting a stop to those meetings , sure I am that the prevalent conviction upon this subject in Ireland was , that of all modes to be adopted for the suppression of those meetings , that selected by the hon . gent , was of all others the most unfortunate , and least likely to attain the object he had in view . It is evident to every man that such a letter should never have been issued , but after the most mature deliberation , and under circumstances of the most pressing necessity . And when we consider that many of the gentlemen who attend and compose those meetings , are gentlemen dignified by birth , by fortune , and highly elevated in society for character and reputation , a communication should have been made to them by government , in a manner very different , and less likely to widen that breach which so unhappily exists in our country . But what have been the circumstances ? After having been hastily resolved , it is as timidly abandoned . Is this a line of conduct likely to raise the character of the Irish government in the eyes of the Irish people ? We find the magistrates , after going to act on it , enter into a long altercation , and many messages pass backward and forward from the castle , which ends in a paper war between the parties—and the only result from it is , that the unfortunate Circular Letter has gone out 316 into the country as a firebrand , and a rallying point for all the disaffected , and remains a lasting monument of the rashness and imbecility of the Irish government . I shall certainly support the present motion . said , he differed intirely from the last speaker , and saw no reason for changing the opinion he had recently expressed upon a former occasion . asked what were the instances selected by the right hon . Secretary , in proof of the proceedings resorted to by the Committee being subversive of the Irish government ? They voted thanks to lord Donoughmore : Was this the first act subversive of the Irish government ? They next take notice of a poor soldier , degraded and punished because he would not march to a church , where he was to hear a doctrine of which he did not approve . Was this subversive of the Irish government ? No ; but the principles which produced this conduct toward the soldier in question might , and in all probability would , lead to the subversion of the Irish government . Then they take notice of a letter of Dr . Troy , with respect to the Foundling Hospital . But were there any other overt acts of treason ? Yes ; they appointed a Committee to state what were the disabilities of which they complained , and this the right hon . gent . nick named a Committee of Grievances ; and their numbers being reduced to 36 , they wished to increase the number . Another act , subversive of the government of Ireland , was an intimation of an Address