had thought proper to continue in administration with Mr. Pitt , who had been in heart guilty of wishing such an union to take place . Yet it was unquestionable that Mr. Pitt wished for that union in his heart , which his Attorney-General could not possibly reconcile to his notions . It was equally well known , too , that aright hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Canning ) was equally zealous for that union , with the great leader of the party , Mr. Pitt . It was true the right hon . gent . might say that he would not , as Attorney-General , have known more of what was in the contemplation of the great leaders of that day , than the humble individual I then addressing the House : but it was scarcely possible that the Attorney-General should not have known facts , which came to his ( Mr. Whitbread 's ) knowledge , within a few days after they had taken place . In calling the attention of the house to I the circumstances of this period , he must beg of gentlemen to bear in mind that lord Eldon bad been particularly questioned in the Mouse of Lords in 1804 , as to the state of his Majesty 's health . Mr. Addington ( now lord Sidmouth ) had also been questioned in that House by an hon . member ( sir Robert Lawley ) on the same subject . When first asked about the state of the King 's health by that hon . member , it would be remembered , that Mr. Addington said that he thought his best course would be , not to give any answer ; but when pressed for an answer by Mr. Fox , he said , `` that there was no necessary suspension of any necessary act of the executive functions ; '' and when still further pressed by Mr. Pitt , `` that there was no necessary suspension of any of the royal functions ; '' and added , that he stated this , not upon his own authority , but upon the opinions and authority of the physicians ; meaning thereby , no doubt , that he had personally no access to the King . On the 6th of March , the 63 Lord Chancellor slated in the House of Lords , that he had been with his Majesty on the 5th , and also on the 4th , and after having explained to him the nature of a bill then pending , for alienating certain Crown Lands to the duke of York , that his Majesty had commanded him to signify his assent to that bill . On the 9th of March , a commission signed by the King was issued ; and when lord Eldon was asked on that day , whether he had personal knowledge of the state of the King 's health , using a figure , not unfrequent with that noble lord , and which is so characteristic of his eloquence , `` that he would have his right hand severed from his body sooner than desert his sovereign , '' he declared , that he would never think of doing an act so unconstitutional , if the King was incompetent—that he was aware of what he was doing , and would take the whole of the heavy responsibility upon himself . Now , this was what his motion was intended to ascertain , that he should therefore confidently call upon the House to put him in a situation to bring that responsibility to issue . He was ready to take upon himself to say , that his Majesty was at that time unsound in mind , and to a period long posterior—that he was incompetent to his functions—that his reason was clouded , and his judgment eclipsed . Yet whilst the King was still unhappily in that state , lord Sidmouth , on the 26th of March , brought down a message to that House from the King—from the King , deranged as he was in his mental competence , and incapable of exercising any