or be prevented from pursuing that which their conscience represented to them as the best ; yet such practices had prevailed . And here he could not but refer to that admirable letter of lord Harrington on this subject , which shewed that noble earl to be as honest as he was an honourable man ; and which so justly discountenanced such a practice . What would their lordships , who were Protestants , say , feel , and think , of a regulation , by which they were compelled to go to mass , and join in a worship which they were taught to consider as idolatrous ? If their thoughts and feelings would justly be indignant at the idea of such a compulsion , must they not confess that the minds of the Catholics , under similar circumstances ; would , with equal justice , revolt at the idea of such an attempt at oppression ? They would no doubt recollect , that the essence of justice was to do as we wished to be dealt by , and they would act on the principle of that fair recollection . He did not see upon what just grounds any noble lord could object to his clause ; but if it were objected to , he should take the sense of the Committee upon it . The noble Earl concluded with moving a clause to the following effect : —That no Roman Catholic or other dissenter , be compelled to attend a mode of worship of which he did not approve , or to be prevented or hindered from following that of which he did approve . did not see the necessity of the clause , or the propriety of the mode in which the noble earl would 370 have it introduced in the Bill . Previous to the letter to which the noble earl had alluded , and as far back as 1802 , the strictest orders had been issued by the authority of the illustrious person , then Commander in Chief of the Forces , that no compulsion of the nature condemned by the noble earl , should in any case he resorted to , and such , since that period , had been the uniform practice in the army . To insert a clause , therefore , of the nature of that proposed by the noble earl , would be to call in doubt the sincerity with which such orders had been issued , and give countenance to an insinuation that such orders had not been duly attended to , Than such an insinuation , nothing could be more unfounded . Government had , ever since the issuing of these orders , been vigilantly observant of their due and uniform execution , and the circumstances , at least one of them , alluded to by the noble earl , had no reference to the present case , and was not occasioned by a wish or attempt to enjoin any particular place or mode of worship , but was the punishment usually inflicted upon a man who , on the march from the parade , should be found out of the ranks . Such was the case and the punishment referred to by the noble earl ; and it must be obvious to their lordships that it was not in point . acknowledged such to be the disposition and the practice of government both here and in Ireland , but still he did not see the fairness of the noble Secretary 's argument , that , by admitting the proposed clause , that disposition would be called into doubt . Such he could not conceive to be the nature of a legislative declaration such as that proposed by his noble friend . On the contrary , the object of such declarations was not to give rise to , but to remove doubts , if any such happened to exist . He felt how very important was the point now under discussion . Their lordships would not forget that the part of the United Kingdom to which it chiefly referred had long been most productive for the recruiting