, that the most ad visable mode would be to submit some previous Resolutions , expressive of the general opinion , of the House on the question at issue , and which Resolutions might , lay a foundation for a subsequent and more conclusive , series of measures . He apprehended that this would be done in the best manner in a committee of the whole House ; and if the fight hon . gent opposite should entertain a similar opinion , he was desirous of making it immediately an order of the day , that the House should go into a committee for this purpose on Monday the 29th of April . If there should be any objection to this suggestion he begged that he might now be considered as giving a general notice on the subject of his intention to bring on the discussion very soon after the recess . As to the consideration of time , he was extremely sorry that a delay of such duration had taken place ; but he trusted that when the nature of the business in which parliament at its first assembling , had been engaged , was remembered ; and the necessity he was under of attending his professional avocations in the country , he should stand acquitted of blame.—Indeed he could not help thinking that the interval which had thus been suffered to elapse would be far from proving productive of any injurious consequences to the discussion . It had been alledged , that the causes of the present condition of our paper currency were quite of a temporary nature , and it might therefore be well to allow the farce pf this argument to be fairly tried . He had hoped for an opportunity of introducing the question on some day before the recess ; but as the present was certainly too late an hour , and there was no clear day before the holidays , he would propose , if the course he had was approved , 727 to move `` That the Report of the Bullion Committee be referred to a Committee of the whole House on Monday the 20th of April . '' observed , that he felt no objection to the mode proposed by the hon . gent . considering , as he did , that the question ought to be discussed in a Committee ; but , at the Same time , he must remark , that in his opinion , there had been a great and unnecessary delay in bringing forward this motion . He knew that it would not have been regular in any member of 'he House to take the matter out of the hands of the hon . and learned member , who had acted as chairman of the Bullion Committee . Parliament had however , been sitting between nine and ten weeks , and this was the first intimation which the learned gent , had given of bringing that Report under consideration . He had , indeed , before given notice of a specific motion , but this he had thought proper to abandon . The Report had been published five months before the session of parliament , and two more had since passed , during all which time it had excited a deep interest , and had been the subject of very general discussion , and at length the hon . and learned gent , had named a distant day , which would likewise most probably be an inconvenient one , and one on which a full attendance could hardly be expected . trusted that he should be excused in rising a second time , when it was for the purpose of vindicating himself from imputations , the application of which , if just , he should greatly deplore . Was he fealty deserving of blame for not bringing on such a discussion at ten o'clock at night ? ( No , no from the Treasury Bench ! ) —If such an accusation was disclaimed , was it meat to insinuate that he was not prepared for the consideration of the question on an earlier day , than