Resolution was sent up to the other House for their concurrence , to which the Lords immediately agreed ; and it thus became a Resolution of both Houses of Parliament , that they would not alter the gold or silver coin of the kingdom , either in weigh , standard , or fineness . After such peculiar care and attention had been then paid to the standard value of the Com , in both these precious metals , not only by the greatest statesmen , but by the parliament of that time , as well as in all antcedent periods , whenever the subject was adverted to , is it not very extraordinary that we shall now be told that there is no such thing as a standard—that it is a mere creature of 805 the fancy , an imaginary phantom , that has no existence—but that it has crept into the minds and vocabularies of men , who hare lately turned their thoughts to the subject , and had no business to remain there any longer ; such is the doctrine which has been lately resorted to , by many of the ingenious theorists , who have indulged themselves , by writing and publishing pamphlets , for the instruction of that House , and of the public , since the Committee made a Report on the high price of bullion . It was at first said , that no depreciation in the paper currency of the country has taken place , but that ground was found to be untenable ; and those ingenious gentlemen have at last boldly advanced this very extraordinary and monstrous doctrine , that the conduct of all practical men goes to shew , that this is ideal , and that they have all concurred in opinion that there has never been any such thing as a standard , either as to law , weight , or fineness . The first gentleman who published his thoughts upon the subject , did not , indeed , bring this doctrine forward till the second edition of his work , and he then introduced it with a dexterity and delicacy peculiar to himself , and which certainly did no small credit to his abilities , so far as a change of argument went from one broad position , to its direct converse . This gentleman who is certainly a man of eminent talents , was at first greatly puzzled ; but at last he found out what was meant by standard , and hit upon this `` that a unit must be found to make it ; that the interest of 33l . 6s . 8d . three per cents , being 1l . was that unit , and that interest , of course , being paid in a Bank note , it was money of account . '' This is a deduction which goes far beyond the ideas even of any Aristotelian theorists I have ever heard or read of , and in my mind appears to be no standard at all . now , money of account can be called or taken to be a standard , a measure of circulating medium , of a commercial country , which has in all times before been founded on the precious metals as its basis , I can by no means account for . This speculative standard was followed by another still more remarkable , emanating not from a theorist , but a practical man ; and this gentleman has called in , to aid in his fanciful work , all the ingenuity and metaphysical reasoning , he could muster , to convince the public that a Bank note is abstract ; currency . Another author , however , has broached a doctrine still more 806 remarkable ; for he says , that `` standard is neither gold nor silver , but something set up in the imagination to be regulated , by public opinion . '' From these abstract and curious opinions I shall appeal to the law of the country ; and I hope we shall hear from some of the hon . gentlemen opposite , who