. had said , the people of India were not in the situation in which it had been said they were , as they were governed by persons who were responsible for their conduct to that House . After this , however , when they were called to account in that House , that hon . gent . opposed the production of the paper requisite for their information . Not only was it considered right to withhold from the natives of India moral and political information , but it was even thought proper to deny them a knowledge of Christianity . To support a political despotism , they would not let them have the light of that Gospel through which they hoped for salvation themselves.— ( No , from the Treasury Bench ! ) —One hon . gent . had expressed himself nearly to that effect , and the right hon . Secretary himself had seemed about to say so , when the enormity of the proposition appeared to startle him . He was sorry this discussion had taken place , to shew the world the wretched situation of those who were called our fellow-subjects , but who were not so in fact , `` but those ( said Mr. W. ) whom we and our fellow-subjects are despots over . '' He thought this discussion would have been well avoided by the production of the paper . It would have been perfectly harmless , and it must have 474 done good , as it would have justified the marquis Wellesley , or benefitted the country , by shewing what was wrong . explained . He was not for withholding front the natives of India the light of Christianity ; he only wished to keep that from them which would lead to tumultuous proceedings . had understood him to say that to attempt to do away the laws and the superstitions of Hindostan would be improper . thought the arguments of the hon . gent . were by no means sufficient to justify the production of the paper . Gentlemen should remember that the liberty of the press was not withheld merely from the principles of the government , but from the dispositions of the natives themselves . They were in that state that it might do them much harm , though if they were less ignorant it might be expected to be productive of the greatest good . He was glad his right hon . friend had so well explained away what had been said of withholding from the natives the light of Christianity , No such disposition existed , but it was wisely thought that government should abstain from openly exerting itself to further the cause of Christianity , lest they should be represented to the people as attempting to impose upon them a new religion . On all occasions when papers were moved for in that House , he thought a better reason should be given , than that they were desired out of curiosity ; and the paper required by the noble lord ought not , in his opinion , to be given , as if they were to grant it without any substantial reason for its production having been given , they would seem to admit that there appeared grounds for censuring the government of India . supported the motion , and thought no one reason had been given why the paper should not be granted . said , that after the very able manner in which his motion had been supported , it would be unnecessary for him to trespass further on the time of the House , than merely to make one or two observations on some arguments from the other side of the House . He had to make one general complaint of almost all the gentlemen who had opposed him , that they had thought proper not only to impute to him what he had not said , but what he had actually disclaimed . He had disclaimed distinctly , and repeatedly , all 475 intention of claiming for India a perfectly free press . He did not even introduce that