and the Frenchman who has met him there in battle , will not be a more forward and confident invader . The altered tone of the enemy , in speaking of the events and prospects of the campaign , is to me the most decisive evidence of the merits and services of our army ; and might , I should think , satisfy the hon . general ( Tarleton ) himself , that if we are one day or other to have to encounter the enemy on British ground , the transactions in Portugal may at least have contributed to defer 229 that event , so much to be deprecated , to a later period than has hitherto usually been assigned for it . He might be satisfied , I really think , that , if such a day is likely ever to arrive , it would not have been so good policy to lock up the whole of our military population at . home in trembling expectation of the moment , when it was to be called into action by the arrival of the enemy on our coast , as to fit ourselves for that vital struggle , by a system of active and enterprising hostility ; enuring our soldiers to the duties and hardships of war—interposing obstacles to the progress of the enemy while yet at a distance—and combining with the sacred duty of affording assistance to other nations , the most effectual preparations for our own ultimate defence . If we were to have the choice of any one spot in the whole world , where this system could be most advantageously carried into effect , the present theatre of the war is that which we might most prudently have chosen . In the peninsula , for the first time since the French Revolution , France is exhausted by the expences of the war instead of being enriched by its spoils : we have the best authority for this fact ; we have Buonaparte 's own explicit admission of it . In the peninsula France acts at the end , as it were , of a long lever through a line of communications , extended , hazardous , and constantly interrupted ; and requiring scarcely less than another army dispersed along that line to keep up the means of feeding and recruiting the army which is employed in the operations of the war . To us the sea is open—and the distance and difficulty of communication no more than the length and risk of the voyage , which is trifling in the extreme . These are the physical and military advantages which would induceme to choose as the scene of operations between Great Britain and France , the present theatre of war , as by far the most advantageous for England . But it is impossible to put moral considerations out of the question ; to forget the ties which bind us to the common cause of nations ; and which connect the defence of their rights and independence with the separate security of our own . We can not but feel to how great a degree that , which we are doing for others , adds to our confidence as to what we shall be able to do for ourselves . I have said , that the tone of the enemy has been changed . Are not our own feelings 230 at least equally altered ? Let us recollect that period , at the commencement of the war , when we were in daily expectation of some attempt at invasion ; we were all indeed confident , that if the enemy came to attack us on our own shores , we should make a most glorious resistance , and ultimately repel any force which he should be able to bring against us . But the expressions of this confidence we did not scruple to utter , as if they conveyed something of no ordinary spirit and vigour . The wisest and the bravest among us were not ashamed to speak of resistance to invasion as splendid victory . Who is there among us now , that