Graham , for his highly meritorious and gallant conduct on the occasion of the Brilliant Victory gained over the French army at Barrosa , on the 5th of 526 March , 1811 . '' The motion being read , expressed his approbation of the candour , with which the noble secretary had brought forward his motion , and declared himself to be equally anxious to abstain from touching upon any topic which might give rise to a difference of opinion on such an occasion as the present . The noble earl had certainly adduced sufficient grounds for the unanimous vote of thanks in the relation he had given of one of the most brilliant services ever performed by a British army . He could not , however , deny himself the satisfaction of expressing his own most cordial concurrence in the motion . As far as the British arms were concerned , the affair was entitled to the most unqualified praise . If Cadiz was not relieved from the pressure of a siege , it was not for want of exertion on the part of the British army . The affair was of that nature in all its circumstances that promptitude and decision were principally called for , and it was impossible to describe , in adequate terms , the skill and energy with which that decision was formed , or the celerity and vigour with which it was carried into effect . It was never exceeded by any of those actions to which the glorious feelings of national pride looked back with satisfaction and delight . It was certainly a proud recollection for the natives of these islands , that not only their power at sea , when fleet was opposed to fleet , and ship to ship , was so decidedly superior , but that also on land , and on an occasion too , where British troops were placed in a situation , by circumstances not of their own creating , they had also evinced a decided superiority ! The action , he repeated , as far as the troops under general Graham were concerned , was entitled to unqualified praise . But he could not suppose that his Majesty 's ministers were so destitute of discrimination or of feelings , with respect to an effusion of British blood , as not to adopt such measures as would in future prevent the recurrence of such an event as occurred . He would not now introduce topics which might create feelings adverse to the unanimity that ought to prevail ; he trusted , however , that firm representations would be made against conduct that so long had favoured the success of the enemy , and that such a system of vigour and determination would be acted upon , as would evince it was not yet too late for the achievement of complete success . He 527 referred to , and pressed upon the attention of ministers , the dying request of that illustrious officer , who fell in combating the enemy in the peninsula . He trusted that marks of signal approbation would be conferred on the worthy and gallant officer , whose brilliant exploit was then before their Lordships . Promotion with respect to rank was held among the most honourable distinctions in the army ; and he hoped the great military talents and heroic ardour which general Graham had so unequivocally manifested , would be employed in a more extensive and important field than they hitherto had been . could not restrain the strength and impulse of his feelings , without expressly declaring his heart-felt satisfaction at the vote proposed to their lordships . He felt proudly gratified in thus contributing his portion of applause to an officer endowed with such military talents , skill and bravery as general Graham . He had the happiness of experiencing the benefit of these qualities on the part of the worthy general , when he had his professional assistance on a former important occasion . He cordially concurred in the sentiment of the noble earl opposite ( Grey ) , that the victory in question was gained under circumstances