confinement . He approved of this clause , because he thought that from the hour of its enactment the condition of the soldier became essentially improved . He thought that those who had suggested it , and those who had acted upon that suggestion , were entitled to the thanks of the army , for not only bettering its condition , but exalting its character . He was glad of it upon this ground , also , that he trusted , and confidently too , that it would lead ultimately to the total doing away of corporeal punishment ; indeed , there was no obstacle to that desirable object , but those prejudices which must yield in time . When the army consisted but of 18,000 men , the old peace establishment , it might at that period be composed in no small degree of the idler and more dissolute of the lower orders , but now , when it was so increased as to comprehend a great portion of the peasantry of the country , the discipline that might have been fit for the refuse of streets , was by no means necessary to keep in controul men of a different order . He concluded by again expressing his most marked approbation of the clause . was by no means sure that the clause was so unexceptionable . He wished to know the full meaning of the word `` imprisonment , '' was it confinement in the guard-house simply , or in a gaol , or did it mean in the black-hole merely ? thought it better to use the word imprisonment ; without limiting the discretion of military regulations , there were barracks and garrisons enough in the country where there could be no difficulty of setting apart a room for that purpose . said , that in case a guardhouse were the prison , he hoped the imprisonment would be solitary . approved of the clause . The Bill was then read a third time and passed . rose to express his dissatisfaction with the provisions of the Bill , the principle of which he was , notwithstanding , anxious to support . To many of the different clauses of the Bill , he had strong objections . To the first clause in the Bill , that which went to the appointment of only one person to preside in the proposed court , he must particularly object . He should prefer the suggestion offered on a former occasion by a noble and learned lord , that three or four persons should be appointed instead of one ; simply for this reason , that where three or four presided , justice was more impartially and properly administered than where only one presided . Besides , it was well known that the time and attention of the Lord Chancellor were otherwise so much engrossed , that he could not ; indeed , it was impossible for him to give the time and attention it required , to the transaction of the bankrupt business . He should therefore imagine , that if three or more fit persons were appointed to the court proposed by this Bill , the business of bankrupts might be safely transferred to that court , and thus relieve the Lord Chancellor from that weight of multiplied business by which it was evident that the noble , and learned lord must be encumbered . He had also to object to the clause which proposed an oath , in the first instance , to be taken by the debtor , instead of allowing him to give in a statement of his effects , which he might afterwards be called upon to confirm by oath . To take the oath in the first instance , when recollection might not serve him to state minutely and accurately the exact number of his creditors , the sums which were respectively due to them , & c. together with a detailed and correct account of his own estate and effects , would have the effect of making him liable to perjury , or at least to the suspicion of perjury . The