had to ask on the present occasion was , that their lordships would suspend their opinions respecting the measure he might be supposed to have in contemplation , until he should have an opportunity of stating precisely and distinctly the nature and details of it . The noble viscount moved , That the lords be summoned for Thursday May 9th ; which was ordered accordingly . wished to ask the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whether he would have any objection to postponing the Committee on the Bullion Report from to-morrow to another day . The Resolutions proposed by the right hon . gent. , whom he did not then see in his place , ( Mr. Vansittart ) , created the necessity for some farther delay , in order to enable gentlemen to make themselves fully acquainted with their nature and bearing . From the consideration which he had been able to give the subject , and he had paid particular attention to it , he was satisfied , that , as the Resolutions were framed , they were not calculated to convey an assertion of facts according to the evidence . It was , therefore , material that gentlemen should have a better opportunity of making up their minds upon this important question ; an opportunity the more necessary , as some gentleman might feel it his duty to submit to the House some counter-Resolutions , in opposition to those of the right hon . gentleman . For himself , he must say , that he should not pledge himself to bring forward any such Resolutions , though he 782 hoped some other member would . But of this he was certain , that , to the Resolutions of the right hon . gent. , as they were framed , it was absolutely impossible for any gentleman to give either approbation or dissent , except on general principles . On general principles he should be ready to give his vote against them ; but as it was desirable on all hands , that the question should be decided upon the particular merits , he trusted the right hon . gent . would not make any objection to a short delay , for the purpose of enabling gentlemen to come to the discussion with minds fully made up on the subject . was rather surprised to hear this application from the right hon . gent . ; because it must be in the recollection of the House , that when his right hon . friend read his Resolutions , and a suggestion was made as to the necessity of some postponement of the discussion from Monday , an hon . member ( Mr. H. Thornton ) remarked , that having heard the Resolutions read , they did not appear to him to suggest any new idea Upon the subject , or to involve any matters which were not familiar to those who had considered the Report , and that therefore no postponement of the discussion was necessary . For his own part he fully felt how disagreeable it was to defer still farther this discussion , which had been so long hanging over their heads ; but he was at the same time sensible how awkward it would be to hurry on the discussion when any gentleman desired a short delay in order to come better prepared to the consideration of the question . He was of opinion , however , that if the proposed delay , which he understood to extend to Monday next , should be assented to , it should be an an express understanding , that , if in point of fact any counter-Resolutions were to be proposed by the right hon . gent . or any other hon . member , they should be communicated to the House on Friday next , previously to the debate on Monday . With respect to the delay , he rather thought , that , though his right hon . friend was not present , with whom the power of consenting rested , he would have no objection to acquiesce in the arrangement proposed