task to per-form ; and , as he should have to allude to persons against whom he had such evidence as would be sufficient to lead to their conviction , were they to be sued for penalties , or even to bring home to them a capital felony , had it pleased the legislature to make it an offence of that nature , while he made his statement with full confidence of the truth of what he stated , he should , on account of the heaviness of the charge , not mention the names of the parties , nor even allude to them in any pointed manner . The trade was now carried on , not by vessels supposed to be employed in such a traffic , but in the more innocent one of trading in wood and ivory . One ship , the Neptune , belonging to persons who had formerly been large dealers in this trade , had lately been sent on a voyage for the purchase of wood and ivory . After its return , however , two of the men , persons of excellent character , had stated that the captain also took on board thirteen slaves and two boys , who were carried to the isle of Princes , belonging to Portugal . The captain , after this , bought a smaller vessel , and carried on a traffic between the African coast and some foreign possessions , which served him as an entrepot . Another vessel , named the George , but the name of the captain of which he should not mention , it had been confessed by the captain himself had sailed expressly on a slaving voyage . The captain had been heard to express his anxiety to get safely out of the port from whence he was to clear , not doubting that if he did so , he should be sure of sailing without interruption . Three months ago one of our king 's ships stopped a merchant vessel , of which suspicions were entertained , and on examination , the carpenter declared that he had been ordered to fit her out with bulkheads and boards , which are the never-failing symptoms of a slave-trader . On the 12th of December , after the House had expressed its indignation at the attempts to continue this trade , a king 's ship fell in with a vessel which bore the name of the Marquis Romana , but which was in reality the Prince William , an English vessel , the owners of which were well known , and on 236 board of which vessel there were not fewer than 109 negroes . There were others in the same situation , but which he should not mention . He could not help , however , alluding to other two vessels , which passed by the names of the Gallicia and Palafox , it being pretended that they were Spanish vessels . It was made incontestibly evident , however , that they belonged to English owners resident in this country , and were in part manned with English . These vessels were stopped on another ground , and were on the point of being released , when it appeared from the deposition of one of the masters , that they were the Queen Charlotte and Mohawk ; that they were well known to be the property of English owners ; were under the superintendence of English supercargoes ; and that the name of one of the captains was George Woodbine , which he had changed to that of Giorgio Mandesilva , for the sake of carrying on the deception . Not to trouble the House with more instances of this kind , he begged only to call their attention to some letters from colonel Maxwell , and from the judge of the Admiralty at Sierra Leone . These proved , that though the traffic was greatly diminished , and bore no proportion to its former extent , yet that there still existed sufficient to render it highly worthy of the attention of parliament , and that it well became them to consider