form of the oath was , besides , too long , and might be wholly unintelligible to that class of persons , Poor Debtors , by whom it was to be taken . Here , moreover , was an unnecessary addition to the many oaths . Excise oaths . Custom-house oaths , & c. which but too much familiarised people with that sacred and awful declaration , on which 363 was known to depend the life , the property , and the character of individuals . A schedule delivered in by the debtor of his effects , appeared to him to be the more simple and effectual mode , the correctness of which schedule he might be afterwards called upon to confirm on oath . The noble earl also objected to the clause which obliged the debtor to remain in gaol three months before he could avail himself of the provisions of the Bill . He thought it better to allow him immediately to give notice of the state of his affairs , as , in that case , the creditor would have the full advantage of a three months ' notice , while the debtor would not be unnecessarily detained beyond that period . These suggestions he look the liberty of throwing out as expressive of his own opinion , though he would not take the sense of the House on the amendments which he intended to propose . The noble earl concluded with moving his first amendment , that `` three , instead of one fit person , '' be appointed to preside in the proposed court . was not very tenacious of the provisions of the Bill , as they now stood , so as the suggested Amendments did not trench on the principle , or depart from the precedent , on which the Bill was framed and founded . He could see no necessity , at least no immediate necessity , for the appointment of three , instead of one fit person to preside in the court . If one person should be found competent to the task it imposed , why appoint three or four , especially at a time when economy was so necessary , and so frequently inculcated ; for it could not be expected that a person , qualified for the discharge of such important functions , should bestow his time and labour on the discharge of such functions , without an adequate remuneration ? That remuneration must be extended to three instead of one , if three instead of one were to be employed ; and thus the burden on the public would be unnecessarily trebled . As to the objection of proposing an oath in the first instance , he could see no foundation for it . In framing the present Bill , he had constantly in his eye the provisions of former Insolvent Acts , in all of which a similar oath was prescribed . Indeed , without some guard and sanction of that nature , he was at a loss to see how too wide a door might not be opened to the fraudulent instead of the unfortunate debtor , or how the justice that was due to the honest creditor could 364 be fairly and uniformly maintained . The oath , besides , could not make any man liable to perjury , unless where the oath was deliberately and corruptly taken with evident intention to defraud . For these reasons , he thought the clauses of the Bill justified by the motives and the precedents on which they rested ; as far , however , as he could alter them consistently with the views he had taken of their propriety , he would willingly alter them on the better suggestions of any noble lord . He had himself many Amendments to propose in the Bill , and would therefore be the more prepared to listen to the Amendments proposed by other noble lords . complained that he had been misrepresented by the noble and learned lord , and that to many of his objections no answer whatsoever had been given . He would still insist that it