gain supply his troops and enable them to retrace their steps ; what ever be the event , this measure must he beneficial , by instancing the advantage of British connexion , as compared with French assistance . The truth established by this measure may operate not merely in the Peninsula , but throughout Europe , and the world . It may not merely produce the effect of confirming one power , but of animating all powers to resist the despotism of the French ruler , and it must have the effect of proving how falsely England has been calumniated , and how little troth there is in every thing coming from the same source , by which her character was traduced . If in addition to the reasons I have already mentioned , we consider the gratitude we owe to that supper 757 intending Providence who is the Giver of all victory , I think we may not be guilty of presumption , in supposing that this act may be acceptable in his sight , and that , pleased with our offering , he may continue to bestow upon us the blessings and successes we have experienced.—I should think , Sir , that any one of the grounds I have staled , would be sufficient to prevail upon the Committee to come to that vote which it is my duty to propose . But when all are combined , and I am enabled to call for a decision upon their united force , I believe that the difficulty will be rather to resist a too enthusiastic compliance , than to procure a reasonable one ; and that we shall find it a harder task to do enough , than we should to do too much for them , injustice to our own situation . ( Hear , Hear ! ) I am desirous to grant them assistance , according to what was said in another place , not less than is necessary ; but , at the same lime , lam desirous that we should shew them we feel the value of what we grant , and offer it , not as the boon of superfluity , but as the contribution of necessity to suffering . Under these circumstances , and from other considerations which I need not stop to detail , I trust the Committee will think me justified in limiting the vote to 100,000l . which I shall move as a grant to the Prince Regent , to enable his Royal Highness to afford such relief to the Portuguese sufferers as their situation may require said : Sir ; In rising to second this measure , I beg leave to express my concurrence in the sentiments delivered by the right hon . gentleman , and in the vote proposed . It is a measure not less due to the spirit of Portugal , than to the magnanimity and generosity of Great Britain ; it is as consistent with our interest as it is material to our honour . The only regret with which it is accompanied , on my part , proceeds from the reflection , that the vast expenditure of this country should render it necessary to limit the vote to so small a sum . The Resolution was then agreed to unanimously . wished to state , for the information of the right hon . gentlemen opposite , the substance of the Resolution which he should have the honour of pro- 758 posing in a Committee on the 29th instant , founded on the Report of the Bullion Committee of last session . The main purpose which he professed to have in view , was , to embody the opinions of that Committee into his Resolutions , for the adoption of the House . In the first place , he would state in those Resolutions , that it was , from time immemorial , the custom , law , and policy of the country , that the standard should be of the lawful coin of the realm ; that , having thus resolved , then it would be his object to propose that a deviation