the laws and usages of the natives , the House would immediately perceive that it was the bounden duty of government to suppress a work calculated to excite irritation and hostility . Such a restraint on the press was justified by the circumstances of the case , and by the powers entrusted to the government . Differing therefore wholly from the noble lord on the grounds upon which the motion was founded , he must give to it his decided negative , declared , that had any previous doubt existed in his mind as to the propriety of producing the paper moved for by his noble friend , the observations of the right hon . gent . would have completely removed it . The right hon . gent . asserted , that the East India company had a right to bind their servants by their own regulations . This might be true ; but if those regulations were of so paramount a nature that every individual became bound by them , independent of every other consideration or principle , then was it , in his judgment , most necessary that the House should know what those regulations were ; and when it was recollected that they related to India , he thought that circumstance was in itself sufficient to give great reason for jealousy and distrust on the part of the House . He denied that those stated by his noble friend were the sole regulations , as the right hon . gent . seemed erroneously to think they were . Neither did he think it fair of that 468 right hon . gent . to call upon his noble friend to propose better regulations than those now existing . This was not fair ; it was not parliamentary . His noble friend had done his duty in complaining of what he thought was wrong . He should vote for the production of the papers—first , because he thought that they ought to know under what rules and regulations the British subjects in India lived ; and next , because it was necessary , in his opinion , to inquire whether such rules furnished adequate grounds for prohibiting the right of publication of the trials at Madras claimed by the parties concerned . observed , that certainly the noble mover had abstained from directly condemning the government of India , and only wished for the regulations which that government had promulgated . He might ask what right parliament had to demand the rules which the government of India chose to establish for the guidance of their own servants ? The noble lord who had just spoken , however , went further than the noble mover ; and urged , as a ground for consenting to the motion , the injustice and oppression of the Indian government . To accede to the motion , therefore , would be to accede to the proposition , that the government of India had been unjust and oppressive ; and this without any case whatever of public hardship or individual suffering having been made out . There was not an European in India who was not aware of the engagements into which he entered before he entered into them ; and that if he did not choosy to comply with those engagements , the term of his residence in India was at an end . As to the regulations which respected the publication of newspapers , he would ask any one who was at all acquainted with India , whether ah unrestrained publication could there with safety be permitted ? Was this unrestrained publication to be allowed for the purpose of permitting one set of the servants of the Company to illuminate another set of those servants ? Suppose a secretary of the admiralty in this country were to set up a newspaper , for the purpose of discussing the public conduct of a lord of the treasury , could any thing be more absurd ? But perhaps this unrestrained publication of newspapers in India , was for the purpose of illuminating the natives . Was this exactly desirable ? Would it be very expedient