well as over the whole property of the country ? To what an extent of mischief must it not lead , so long as foreign exchanges , and , with them , the price of the precious metals are conversed by the violence of the enemy , should the scale of value with in the country be made to undergo similar variations : yet such must be the case , if the exchanges and the price of gold are to determine the amount of Bank issues . The value of property would become so uncertain , that no man could judge one day what he would he worth the next . The quantity of circulating medium must be so enormously and so rapidly reduced , as to throw every thing into confusion ; yet such must have been the result , if the Bank Restriction Bill had not passed . But why should we throw away the benefits proposed and experienced under that Bill , by voluntarily inflicting on ourselves the mischiefs it was intended to obviate ? That Bill was passed to protect the country against the evils of having its circulating medium deranged by the demand for guineas resulting from internal alarm . It is continued to protect us against a demand for gold for exportation , in its extent equally incompatible with our being enabled either to procure or preserve a metallic currency . I am ready to admit that our present system produces a temporary abandonment of he accustomed standard . In ordinary times , the gold coin is the standard , by which the value of Bank paper , and of all other commodities , is 1001 measured . It is chosen as our standard , because , whilst commerce is free , it is more uniform than any other . It is now , for a time , relinquished , because it has become the least uniform . If gold , in coin , can not be preserved , by force of law , from being melted in ordinary times , when bullion , in its nature equivalent to a bill of exchange , has advanced 20 per cent . how can coin remain in circulation ? So far as guineas , since 1797 , have made any part of our circulation , they have in Great Britain been at par with Bank notes . I mention this as a conclusive proof that Bank notes have not been depreciated ; protesting , however , against the converse conclusion that even a disparity of value between the coin and Bank paper , such as we have witnessed in Ireland , necessarily establishes , for reasons already alluded to , the fact of depreciation . But , when the Restriction Bill passed , the principle of coin and paper being universally convertible ceased . The consequence has been to preserve for better times , in the coffers of the Bank , the gold coin , which would otherwise have been hoarded or exported ; and the effect bas been , to enable the Bank to regulate its issues of notes by the wants of the country , instead of being guided by considerations of mere banking security . But it is said , out of this has grown a great evil , which would not have happened , if the Bank had not been released from the ordinary control of cash payments : their issues have been excessive and their paper is now depreciated . With respect to the first point , it appears to me , that too much reliance has been placed by the Committee , in their Report , on the infallible nature of this criterion , namely , payments in cash on demand , for regulating the due amount of Bank issues . We are ail agreed , that , in ordinary times , this must be the regulating principle , and that , whatever may be its defects or inconveniences , they must be submitted to ; but do not let us overlook their existence , or desire gratuitously to expose ourselves unnecessarily to their operation . My persuasion is ,