voted under their respective heads . With a view to the provisions of the act of last session , the present Estimates had been formed ; and although they might not be completely correct in all their parts , he yet flattered himself that the errors were not very numerous or very material , and that they might be wholly avoided in the course of another year . Having said thus much , he would proceed as briefly as he could through the different heads , stating generally the increase or diminution of charge , and should then hold himself ready to afford any further information on the subject , that might be required by the Committee . The first was the Ordinaries , which he reduced to three distinct divisions ; the first , he meant , should include the salaries and expences of the civil department , together with the expences of the dock-yards , the principal officers , and commissioners ; as also the salaries of the commissioners of the out-ports , and the different officers of 373 the civil department now upon foreign stations ; also the wages and victualling of the ships in ordinary , together with all the civil charges thereunto belonging . The second head should comprehend the half-pay of the navy , and also the military pensions , as distinguished from the civil pensions . The third head should include the superannuation , or the amount of salaries given to officers retiring from the civil department . He should now , before be proposed his Resolutions , shortly enumerate to the House the total expences for each of the two last years in each department , that the Committee might be enabled to compare at once the excess or decrease of each year in each particular branch of the different Estimates , accounting as he went along for the augmentation , where any such had occurred to any considerable degree . First , then , the total amount of the expences of the Admiralty and Navy Offices for this year , amounted to the sum of 176,525l . while those of last year did not exceed 174,087l . leaving an increase under this head for the present year of 2,438l . This increase was owing to the additional salaries and charges in lieu of the fund arising out of the sale of the old naval stores , which fund was now no longer applied to defray the expences of those offices . The increase was also owing to the addition made to the salaries of the clerks . The next head was that of the Dock-yards . The charge under this head , for the year 1810 , amounted to 175,558l . : for the year 1811 , it amounted to 181,782l . Here there was an increase of 6,224l . which was owing to an augmentation of salary to the watchmen and guards in the Dock yards , together with an increase of their numbers . The next head was that of commissioners of out-ports and civil officers on foreign stations . Under this head the charge for the last year was 38,423l . ; for the present , 47,935l . leaving an in crease for the present year of 9,512l . With respect to Officers ' Salaries , 2,510l . went to defray the salaries of the masters-intendant of Gibraltar , Jamaica , and Lisbon ; there was also an additional sum of 2,000l . for the commissioners of Bombay and Madras , 1,000l . each . The charge of ships in ordinary for the last year was 17,679l . for the present , 44,672l . ; this great increase was owing to the paramount necessity of completing certain dock works , and erecting cranes at Deptford , Plymouth and Portsmouth , which were much wanted ; 374 great , however , as was this excess , it was counterbalanced by a corresponding saving in the victualling department . The charge of the Victualling Department for the last year amounted to 131,395l . whereas that for the present year amounted but to 111,163l . making a saving for the present