exchange . It is this state of the exchange , remaining steadily below par , without fluctuation , that proves that some thing besides the beside of trade and payments is at work upon it , and which something is the depreciation of our currency But it appears that the unfavourable course of the exchange , is to be explained by the greatness ; of our foreign expenditure . We are told , that eleven millions were remitted last year to our armies , and seven millions for grain . If this is a good cause for the present unfavourable exchange , an unfavourable exchange ought always to be the effect of a simlar foreign expenditure . But in look back to 1796 . I find , by the report of the Lords Committee of 1797 , that in year 10,649,916l . were remitted to , our armies in Germany , and 3,926,484l . for grain , but so far from the exchanges having become twenty five percent , against , this country as they now are , the exchanges with Hamburgh in 1797 , which is the year to be taken to make the case parallel with present case ( as it is the foreign expenditure of 1810 to which we are referred ) were in favour of London . Wherefore , I feel , that I have a right to argue , that the great foreign expenditure of the last year can not ; be the true cause of the present state of the exchanges . At all events , it is not an infallible cause , whereas no instance can be produced of a depreciation , of currency , which has not been followed by a depreciation of exchange . It has surprized me , Sir , very much to hear gentlemen still contending for the effect of the decrees of Berlin and Milan upon our exchanges . I did conceive the speech of the hon . gent ( Mr. Horner ) had completely settled that point . For if ever a statement was made in this House more conclusive and more triumphant than another , it was this statement in reply to the arguments of those who attributed the unfavourable state of the exchanges to 1042 these decrees . For what can produce conviction , if the facts which he has mentioned concerning the exchanges between Hamburgh and the rest of the continent , can not ? Hamburgh is a place of trade upon which these decrees have had a more mischievous operation than they have had even on our own commerce ; and yet Hamburgh , having a currency of a fixed standard value in bullion , has the course of exchange in its favour with every country in Europe , in which there is a paper currency . But with France , she has an exchange of a few per cent , against her , France haying a currency composed almost entirely of coin . Or what can produce conviction , on this point , if what that hon . member has said can not , respecting the exchanges between this country and those countries against which these decrees haw no operation ? No one can maintain that these decrees have produced the great alteration which has taken place the , exchanges with the East Indies and West Indies , Portugal , Ireland & c , So much , Sir , as has been so ably said to illustrate the had effects of this depreciation of the value of our money ; and so accurate an explanation is given of them in the quotations that I have read from Mr. Harris , that I shall make but a few observations on this part of the subject . But it does so happen that I am able to produce the right hon . gentleman , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , as a witness of its very injurious effect upon our public expenditure . When the army extraordinaries were before the House , it appeared there was a deficiency of the vote of last year , of 700,000l . He said , that the whole