, but their value was daily decreasing . This was , in a great measure , occasioned by the great increase of these metals by the discovery of America . But what occasioned it in a still farther degree was a discovery even more estimable than the metals themselves , the invention of bills of exchange . The circumstance of the precious metals having been , by the invention of bills of exchange , discharged from those uses to which they were formerly employed , had contributed largely to this fall . From his own knowledge , the precious metals never were of less value than at present . Some gentlemen , in endeavouring to find out the standard , had defined it to be the interest of 33l . 6s . 8d . not seeming to recollect that this sum itself must be valued in the same standard . As well might any gentleman , instead of miles and furlongs , take clouds for describing the distance of one place from another , and say that such and such a place were distant from London Bridge so many clouds.—The issue of country bank-notes was to his mind the great cause of the depreciation of our paper currency , and he was surprized that no gentleman had yet referred to that circumstance . He was of opinion that bullion had not advanced in price compared with other artiticles , but that bank-notes were really depreciated . He certainly agreed , that part 1154 of the unfavourable rate of exchange was to be attributed to the state of trade , but the rate of exchange could not vary more than between the comparative ability to pay in one country and in another . Some gentlemen had argued that the guinea was not worth more than a one-pound note and a shilling in this country ; but why was it so ? Because of a penal law which prevented a greater value being given for it . A law might give the same value to any piece of coin , however small , as to a banknote ; but still this would not make this piece of coin of the value of a guinea ; and was it possible that any law chaining two things of so unequal value together , could continue for any long time ? The great cause of the depreciation of paper , as he had already said , arose from the number of country bankers , who , without any capital , exchanged their paper with each other , probably at the distance of 70 or 80 miles , and thus put into circulation a greater sum than the demand rendered necessary . The given value of all the gold in the world must be diminished in the same proportion as the quantity was increased : and paper , of course , must be depreciated on the same principle . If bullion had been sent out of this country , however , it was because it was the commodity we could most easily spare ; and he was not afraid but this country could support itself , though there was not an ounce of gold within it ; and if the circulation of paper could be kept within bounds , we could go on with it as well as with the metallic medium . He was free to say , that the Bank of England notes were not of themselves sufficient for the circulation of the country , and should be happy if any gentlemen could shew him the mode in which country bankers ' notes could be diminished . The diminution , however , he was afraid , could only be effected by curtailing the issues by the Bank of England . If this was done , their paper would rise in value , and a run would be made on the country bankers.—Having gone thus far with the honourable and learned gentleman who proposed the first set of Resolutions , he must leave him , at the last Resolution . The system must be departed from , but it must be done gradually and temperately