on which the prosecution of the Morning Post was dropped ; but if it was applicable to others and applied only to him , it-is surely a presumption of partiality , it is a sort of primâ facie evidence 172 against the Attorney General . More than primâ facie evidence , I never thought of bringing against that gentleman , whom I do not know personally , but whom all I have heard of him ill private would lead me to respect ; but I stated my case , and it has not been controverted . I stated that the number of Ex Officio Informations had increased in a proportion of 8 to 1.—I repeat it then , this amounts to primâ facie evidence , and surely the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , who talks with complacency of prosecuting publishers , printers and proprietors , as well as authors , will have no objection to primâ facie evidence . I only urge it as sufficient for parliamentary inquiry , but to support his doctrines he must contend that it justifies legal prosecution and punishment . I am asked where I learnt that Mr. Dunning 's opinion was against Ex Officio Informations , and I am told , that he did not object to taking fees for them . Pitiful answer to my quotation of his authority ! I care not whether he took fees , or what he maintained or did , as an advocate , but as a member of parliament ( and a better never sat in the House of Commons ) he spoke and voted on the motion of Mr. Constantine Phipps against them , and with him voted , serjeant Glynn , that excellent man Sir George Savile , and Mr. Burke , and no less than 78 of the most respectable members of that time , they voted I believe for the suppression of Ex Officio Informations ; they spoke , I know , against both the expediency and legality of them , and while I disclaim that objection to the mode of proceeding , I can not believe that the origin of a practice is quite so pure , or the principle so obviously sound , as the noble and learned lords would persuade us , when I see such a man as Mr. Dunning , and as others I could mention , disposed to call it in question . With respect to special juries I will say nothing more , perhaps it would have been more discreet to have said nothing , but thus much I must repeat , that as they are in the eye of the law itself less favourable to the defendant in criminal prosecutions , it behoves parliament to be more vigilant , more ready to institute inquiry , and to afford as much protection as the safety of the state will allow to such offences as are exclusively exposed to be tried by the less favourable tribunal . They add a link to the peculiar difficulties with which persons charged with libel have to contend , and when I see the temper in which 173 some men discuss these subjects , when I reflect on the sort of law which is fashionable , which is afloat on these matters , not merely among the vulgar and idle talkers , not in the mouth of heedless and insignificant men , but in that of grave characters invested with authority , I own I urn anxious that all encroachment on the freedom of the press should be jealously watched , and studiously guarded against by Parliament . When for instance I hear of a notion , that libels * may be stopped by an injunction from Chancery ; that publications , by which individuals may think that their feelings would be hurt , may be stifled in embryo at the will of a crown lawyer , in short that the Great Seal may in effect exercise that imprimatur which our ancestors wrested from the crown , and which , revived in any shape would be sufficient to check the progress of all knowledge and to subvert all