of the rest of the country , those individuals who had embarked in improvident speculations ? He was told , and he believed the fact , that there had been few failures of any of our old stable houses : that they were almost entirely speculators who had failed , and who had carried along with them the manufacturers who had entrusted them with their goods . The small manufacturers , however , who had suffered in this way , were to have no relief under this Bill . The Commissioners were not to giant sums under 4,000l . unless on a deposit of goods to twice the amount of the loan . But how were these small manufacturers to do so ? Their goods were already gone—they had been defrauded of them . They could probably give other security , which , if accepted of , they right be enabled to go on ; but no such security could be taken . Here , therefore , was a fundamental defect in the Bill . His belief was , that the commercial credit of the country could not be extricated out of the difficulties in which it was involved , but by a settlement of our dispute with America , and by a peace in Europe . How could the present , difficulties be removed or alleviated by an issue of paper , at a period when the redundancy of paper in circulation was practically illustrated within these few days , by a depreciation of its value . When we could not for our paper get the same quantity of silver which we had been accustomed to receive for it , did not that afford us a practical illusration that our paper was depreciated . The only end which the present Bill could serve would be , to induce the manufacturers to make 495 new goods , and thus to add to the calamity . On these grounds he must oppose the Bill , and take the sense of the House upon it . was afraid , that both the reasons which were supposed to have led to the present difficulties in the commercial world , were to be traced to the same cause ; and that the violent trading to South America , which was supposed to be the principal reason of the present stagnation , arose from the shutting up of the ancient markets in Europe , in consequence of the steps taken by this country , and by our enemy . If this was the case , the present Bill could produce no effectual relief , but only served to put off the evil day . What chance was there of having the ancient markets of Europe opened ? There was surely none . We therefore , by the present measure , only held out to the emperor of France an assurance that his plans had been successful , and thus induced him to persevere in them . The least part of the disadvantage to the country likely to result from the present Bill , would be the loss of the money advanced by the public . We had a far greater misfortune than that to contemplate . By this measure the House prevented the manufacturers and others , who ware the objects of the present Bill , and who now suffered from the glut of the foreign market , and in consequence of being excluded from the markets of Europe , from turning their capitals to other more important sources of internal improvement , from which both the individuals themselves , and the country as a nation , must derive infinitely greater advantages than from any trade or commerce whatever . agreed with the hon . gentleman , that it would be better if commissioners and members of parliament were not allowed to claim relief under the Bill ; but he could not agree with the last hon . gentleman that all the markets were shut . There were still a great many open to our merchants . The grand benefit which the Bill had in view was to keep the operative labourers at work ,