the effect produced upon the exchange by the balance of payments in favour of the country Whose currency is depreciated in the one case exactly equalled , or in the other exceeded , the degree of the depreciation . But though a depreciation of the currency might thus exist without inducing an unfavourable exchange ; a state of the exchange unfavourable to a great degree , and progressively growing worse for a great length of time , is an infallible indication of a depreciated currency . This is all the use that I think it necessary to make of the arguments to be drawn from the exchanges ; and so far as this goes , I can not understand how any one can doubt as to their bearing . We do not doubt with respect to other countries , that a sound or unsound state of their currency influences the state of their exchanges . When we see the exchanges between Hamburgh or Amsterdam , on the one hand , and Russia or Austria on the other , unfavourable in a great degree to either of the two latter countries , we have no hesitation in at once ascribing that unfavour-ableness , in great part at least , to a depreciation of its currency . My right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , has taken what I must think not a very fair advantage of an argument of an hon . gent . opposite to me , ( Mr. Sharp ) when he has represented him as having recommended the general policy of Holland and of Hamburgh as an object of imitation for this country , —because the hon . gent . stated , that by not issuing a paper-money , the currencies of Holland and of Hamburgh had been preserved from depreciation . The hon . gent . certainly did not guard and qualify his statement with all the circumstances which were nevertheless obviously connected , in his mind , with the proposition which he was advancing : but it is quite as clear that nothing but the strong temptation of flying from argument to declamation ; could have led my right hon . friend so far to mistake the hon . gent . 's meaning . The meaning of the hon . gent . evidently was not to holdout Holland as having been wise in its submissions and compliances towards France , and as enjoying the reward of her prudent obedience in a state , of enviable happiness and prosperity . Still less could he intend ( how is it possible that any rational being Could 1108 be for a moment suspected of intending ? ) to extol the prowess of Hamburgh : — '' prowess '' was , I think , the word which my right hon . friend did not disdain to put into the hon . gent . 's mouth , for the sake of making an indignant comment upon it . The scope of the hon . gent . 's argument , I understood to be simply this : —that if Holland , impoverished by an exhausting war , and preyed upon by an exacting despotism , —if Hamburgh , in the very clutches of the French power , —if these unhappy states , stripped of their commerce and independence , could yet maintain their respective currencies undepreciated ; —it would seem to follow that a state of war , however expensive and burthensome , —that stagnation of commerce , —that even the oppression of a conquering enemy , —were not sufficient justifications , much less necessary causes , of such a system of currency as that which ( according to the hon . gent . 's argument ) now existed in this country ; and of which my right hon . friend and others seemed prepared to justify the continuance so long at least as the war shall continue , as our commerce shall be embarrassed , and as our enemy shall persevere in his present system of measures . This is what I understood the hon . gent . to contend : and , whatever might be the worth