, a moral , or a religious subject was suppressed , by any apprehension of a prosecution on his part ? He trusted confidently , therefore , that the House would think that the noble lord had not laid `` sufficient ground for his motion , and that there was nothing in his conduct which called for the interference of Parliament to alter or restrain the power vested in , him , in his official situation . spoke to the following effect : —Sir , I ought , perhaps , to make an apology to the House for troubling them with any observations of mine , after the very able and convincing statement made by the noble lord , who brought forward this question , and after having 581 heard the very lame , defective , and impotent defence of the learned Attorney General , who has just sat down ; but although the reasoning of the noble lord stands in need of no aid , and the weak attempt at vindication of the learned gentleman , requires no answer , still a sense of duty will not permit me to give a silent vote on so important a question . The hon . and learned gentleman , with that dexterity peculiar to his profession , of which he is so great an ornament , has by the studied construction of his speech , carefully evaded all the strong points that would bear against him , and all the material parts of this great question . He has cautiously abstained from touching upon any of the leading points urged so forcibly by the noble lord ; and by the very mode and conduct of his defence has given strength and validity to the charge . Sir , I must confess myself greatly disappointed at the course pursued by the learned gentleman ; because I did expect from him the benefit of much legal re-search and investigation ; a profound exposition and clear statement of what is called the Law of Libel , and of great constitutional principles involved in this great constitutional question . I am also disappointed , that the right hon . and learned Chancellor of the Exchequer , on the same bench with him , and the rest of the gentlemen of the long robe set forth in full array on this occasion , have not given us the advantage of their great legal acquirements , have not thrown the least ray of light to illumine us in the midst of darkness , or afforded us any information to direct our judgment on a subject of this interesting and momentous nature—a subject concerning which so many doubts are entertained , so much anxiety prevails , and with which the freedom of the press , so essential to the freedom of the country , is so intimately connected . The noble lord , in the manly , perspicuous , and comprehensive speech , by which he introduced his motion , has placed the question on sound constitutional grounds , and established his case by authority , by law , and by argument ; leaving us no alternative , but either palpably to abandon our duty , or to accede to his motion ; unless resisted by much more powerful reasons than any that have hitherto been advanced . The manner in which the noble lord has considered this subject , proves the industry with which he has investigated it , and the variety and extent 582 of the information he has obtained . A statement so clear and direct seemed to preclude the possibility of being misunderstood . It is , therefore , the more surprising that the learned gentleman should have represented the noble lord 's argument as in no degree tending to question the legality of the power assumed by the Attorney General in filing Ex Officio Informations . Nothing can be more erroneous ' and incorrect , in my humble opinion , than the learned gentleman 's misconception and consequent misrepresentation of the argument of the noble lord ; who , so far from admitting , as stated by the learned gentleman , the legality