with an impartial judgment , and unprejudiced feeling , to narrate the transactions of recent times , they will , notwithstanding the impressions which the influence of party animosity might have made to the contrary , in taking a review of the transactions of the present reign , conclude , that under no circumstances , and in no times , have the people of any country been more loyal or more affectionately attached to the person of their Sovereign than the people of this country have been , during a long series of years to his present Majesty . If they should only look back to the period of the last 25 years , they would find that the love and attachment of his subjects were not given alone to the King during the interesting period of youth or the prosperous and successful portion of his reign , but that they increased in times of personal affliction and infirmity ; and , instead of suffering diminution , had been considerably strengthened , as his faculties and health had unhappily declined . If , then , the people of this country had delighted in the prosperities of his Majesty 's government—if they had ever felt the deepest interest in the health of their Sovereign—if , in the days of his strength , they rejoiced at his happiness , and in the hours of his affliction and infirmity , they sympathised in his sorrows and mourned over his sufferings , they had a just right to know , that no foul trick had been , at any time during the existence of such respectful devotion to their monarch 's interest 57 and person , practised by his Majesty 's ministers , either towards the King , or towards the people . If he could be able to shew , that according to a statement made by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) on a former night , the King had not had fair play , that neither the King nor the people had fair play shewn them by the administration , of which that right hon . gent . formed a part , he trusted that he should do enough to excite the indignation of that House , and to induce them peremptorily to call for an efficient and full inquiry into the whole of the case . This he would confidently undertake to shew , if that House , by agreeing to his preliminary motion , should put him in a condition to substantiate the charge . It must be in the recollection of the House , that when the calamity had first falden upon his Majesty in 1788 , though there were abundant rumours afloat upon the subject , yet such was the tender affection and ardent zeal of his faithful people , that they could not persuade themselves of the fact , that his Majesty was seriously suffering under the malady given out by rumour , until the truth of the representation was but too fully confirmed by the report of the physicians . When it was afterwards established , by proof , that the King 's mind was unsound , that his mental faculties were deranged , and that he was incapable of personally exercising his royal functions , the two Houses resorted to such measures as they thought proper for supplying the defect of the royal authority . But , on its being announced to parliament by the noble lord , who at that period filled the high office now held by Lord Eldon , that he had it in command from his Majesty to acquaint parliament that he had sufficiently recovered to authorise a confident expectation , that after a short interval he should be enabled personally to resume his royal functions ; such was the delicacy , such the affection and veneration of the two Houses of Parliament towards the sovereign , that though they had made very considerable progress with the measures they were to adopt , they immediately suspended all proceedings upon them , and waited in fond and anxious expectation for the full restoration of his Majesty .