found one , which they thought would answer their purpose ; this was the interest of 33l . 6s . 8d . three percent stock . This new doctrine of the standard amounted simply to this , that whenever an increase should take place in the gold and silver of any country , with reference to other commodities , be the cause of the increase what it would , the Bank should be empowered to issue a quantity of paper , not convertible into cash , for the purpose of preserving the proportion . In order to shew what this standard was , in order to prove that at best it was nothing but an ingenious deception , he would ask one question , and that was , Whether such a definition would not adapt itself to any depreciation of the currency however extreme ? If such a principle was to be avowed , the sooner it was done the better ; for then every man would know in what situation he stood , and be prepared to expect , that in case a depreciation should occur , that depreciation would be remedied by an issue of another description . Admitting then this principle in its full extent , and preserving the due ratio between the price of gold and silver and the issue of paper currency , he asked if this principle would not apply to the doubling of the denomination of our currency ? If the principle was to countervail the increase in the price of the gold and silver by the 979 issue of paper , the sooner such a principle was generally known , the better . But here he could not help asking , though the price of gold was so encreased , was there such a scarcity of gold ? [ Hear ! ] Where were the proofs of this scarcity ? He was aware of none ; but of this he was confident , that where gold was scarce , other commodities must become cheap . Would gentlemen try it by this test ? Was it the fact that other commodities had become cheap ? But if they were to entrust this fearful discretion to the Bank , of countervailing the effects of the rise of the price of gold and silver , he thought that then the best criterion of the required standard would be found in taking the average price of corn for a given period jointly with the average value of labour . Here he read a statement of the average prices of wheat , imported for the fourteen years since the Bank restriction in 1797 . Throughout this period , the progressive rise in the average price of the wheat at stated periods , proved the gradual depression of our domestic currency . Here he must be permitted to notice in passing a very extraordinary statement made by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) who spoke before him in the debate—a statement not more singular in its nature , than contradictory to itself and wholly subversive of the object for which it was made . In his endeavour to account for the rise of the value of all articles in this country without reference to a depreciation of the existing currency , that right hon . gent . had adverted to France , and the apparent rise of prices , which had according to his assertion taken place in that country . Upon this point the right hon . gent . had contended that the price of labour was dearer in France than in England during the last year , and thence inferred that gold was cheaper in France , than in this country . Now granting all this to the right hon . gentleman , he would ask him how he could reconcile such a statement with the fact admitted on all hands that there was a profit of twenty per cent . made by the exportation of gold to France ? It was by no means his intention to insinuate , that the power , to which , he had alluded , of