in Chief they ever had ; and this his last act , so far from raising a murmur , or exciting an envious feeling among his fellow-soldiers , gratified them all . He would venture to say , there was not an officer in , the service but felt a personal reward in 545 the promotion of Graham . He gave praise to the duke of York , and he did so from his heart , because he thought it due ; and after the unwearied attention which he had bestowed upon the army , he could not help saying , that no victory like this could be obtained without reflecting a considerable degree of its glory upon him . With respect to the brave men who had participated in this victory , he felt that the illustrious personage who now held the reins of government would make them his peculiar care . When he said this , he spoke not from an idea that any personal recommendation could sway him so much as his own generous anxiety to distinguish merit ; and he was doubly proud in this consciousness , because he well knew his gallant friend could receive no reward from his victory more gratifying than the knowledge that those he had recommended were attended to . He should now conclude with the declaration , that he never in his life seconded a motion with more heartfelt satisfaction than the present . bore testimony to every thing that had fallen from the right hon . gent , and felt greatly indebted to him for the very able manner in which he had stated it . The right hon . gent . might have added to the other merits of his gallant friend , that to him was to be attributed , in a great measure , the surrender of Malta , and , in that respect , general Piggott did him but justice . He then went to Egypt , where he became the friend of the gallant sir Ralph Abercromby . Sir John Hope , who brought the last accounts from the field of Corunna , reported it to the Commander in Chief , as being the express wish of the gallant sir John Moore in his last moments , that , in the case of general Graham , there might be a departure from the general rule of the army . So far was sir John Moore convinced of the merits of this distinguished officer . The Commander in Chief , therefore , felt himself absolved from all those ties by which the service was in general regulated , and placed him in a situation where his merits might be serviceable to the country . The right hon . gent . had done nothing but justice to the late Commander in Chief , in ascribing to him a great portion of the energy and discipline of our army . He had greatly added to , and encouraged both . But here we owed to the late Commander in Chief , not only the discipline of the troops , but the possession of the Commander also . begged leave to express his cordial concurrence in the motion now before the House . The valour and discipline displayed in the action of Barrosa could not be too , highly rated . He congratulated the House upon the fresh instance of military conduct evinced by the Portuguese troops in that action , by which they had confirmed the auspicious promises held forth by them in the battle of Busaco . He had , upon a former occasion , expressed his doubts of any beneficial consequences being likely to result from the plan then proposed , respecting the officering and disciplining Portuguese troops . That opinion the subsequent conduct of the Portuguese had changed ; and he did not now shrink from avowing that change of opinion , as a duty which he owed to himself as an officer , and to the public . in terms of suitable eulogium , commented upon the skill and bravery evinced by the General and troops , in the action of Barrosa .