difficulty , and need not be a work of time . But , in the interval , as it has been our policy , in conducting the war , to annoy the enemy abroad , rather than await his attack on our own shores , so let us preserve that system of currency which enables us to confine his violence to the continent , and to deny to him the power of interfering with , or shaking this most vital branch of a system , under which we flourish as a nation and through the fruits of which we 1011 contend on behalf of the world as well as ourselves . denied that be had retroceded , or that the Committee had altered their opinion ; and maintained , that instead of bringing forward abstract propositions , he had laid before the ( louse practical measures for them to adopt , replied , that the propositions were indefinite in their nature , and therefore unfair towards the Bank of England . rose principally for the purpose of answering a challenge from his right hon . friend , `` who had commenced the discussion that night . His hon . friend had said , that he was ' not aware of any case in which the tender of bank-notes had been refused , and the payment of coin enforced by law.—Such a case had however occurred in 1801 , on one of the circuits in the court of common pleas ; and it was the unanimous opinion of all the judges , that a creditor was fully entitled to have the payment of his debts made in the legal coin of the realm ; and that it was entirely in his option to reject notes altogether . This was a consideration materially affecting the liberty of the subject . If an individual , after ineffectually tendering bank-notes , was prosecuted for debt and arrested in consequence , what step must he take ? He must either buy gold bullion , at the present extravagant price and send it to the Mint to be coined , or he must pay the debt in silver bullion , for which he must give 6s . per ounce , although in the payment of the debt it would be reckoned only at 5s . 2d . He allowed that the feelings of individuals would , generally speaking , restrain them from resorting to such , an extreme measure towards their creditors ; but such was the law ; and it ought to be recollected that law was framed , not for those who cherished benevolent and honourable feeling , but for the purpose of restraining the bad passions of those who were of an Opposite character . The only alternative Which parliament , had , was , evidently to made notes a legal tender ; but this would be a measure attended with consequences of such an equivocal nature , that no one had ventured to mention , it in the . House without accompanying his notice with a great many qualifying observations . Adverting to the case of De Yonge , who was tried for trafficking in guineas , he entered into an examination of the act on which that prosecution was instituted ; 1012 and expressed his doubt as to the transaction being within the meaning of the act , a doubt which was confirmed by the proceedings which had taken place subsequently to the trial . The cry of Adjourn ! adjourn ! becoming very general , at two o'clock on Wednesday morning the chairman reported progress and obtained leave to sit again . presented a Petition of several persons residing in the town of Paisley and Suburbs thereof ; setting forth , setting forth , `` That the petitioners , in consequence of the depressed condition of trade , have of late been subjected to difficulties unknown at any former period ; and that at present such is the low state of the Cotton Manufactures , that great numbers have been thrown out of employment , and the wages of those that are employed have in general , within the last