. and his friends , —the supposed demand for gold on the continent , —and the supposed necessity for exporting it to set right the balance of our trade , —the first will undoubtedly have an uncontrolled operation , so long as there is no counter-demand for gold in the market at home—so long as the Bank do not purchase , and as no one else purchases here , except for exportation : —the second would , in a natural slate of things , find its limit far within the amount of the balance to be set right ; it would cease to operate , whenever the scarcity of gold , produced here by exportation , and the plenty produced on the continent by its importation , rendered gold less eligible for transmission abroad than any other merchantable commodity . But this limit it can never find , so long as gold is the only merchantable commodity for which the consumption of this country affords no market . Independently , however , of these causes , the difference between the real value of the precious metal and that at which it is rated in our currency , would be itself sufficient to ensure us against the continuance of a guinea , in circulation . Demand on the continent might be counteracted by demand here ; and gold would cease to be a preferable article for transmission abroad , from the moment at which it , like other articles , could be sold for its real value at home . But , imprisoned in the coin , and degraded by its imprisonment , gold has an unconquerable tendency to escape from a situation so unnatural : and it would make its escape from such a situation , even although you did not owe the continent any thing ; and although there were no more demand on the continent for gold , than for any other article of merchandize . But this , I may be told , is the language of theory . Is not the principle , then , recognised by any Sober practical authority ? Let us hear the statute-book itself . `` Whereas it has been a practice , '' says the preamble to the act 14 Geo . 3 , chap . 70 , '' to export the new and perfect coin of the realm for private advantage , and to the great detriment of the public ; and the like practice will continue '' ( adds this theoretical and visionary preamble ) `` while pieces differing greatly in weight , are current under the same denomination , and at the same rate of value.— '' 1102 The persons who framed this act , and . framed it for the express and practical ' purpose of restoring the credit of our currency , could not be ignorant of the penalties under which the exportation of coin was prohibited : yet we see , that in spite of these penalties , they take for granted as inevitable the `` continued '' exportation of the coin , so long as the temptation to export it continues . We see further , that , in their opinion conformity to standard weight is the distinctive quality by which the value of money is to be estimated . We see lastly , that without any reference to demand for gold on the continent '' without any reference to an unfavourable , balance of trade , the certain result of ail attempt to circulate together , `` under the same denomination and at the same rate of value , '' two descriptions of currency , differing in intrinsic value from each other , is to drive that which is of the higher intrinsic value out of circulation . This is , in fact , as I understand it , the whole doctrine of the Bullion Committee upon this subject : and so far from having the guilt or the merit of novelty , we find it assumed six-and-thirty years ago , in the preamble of an act of parliament , as a doctrine established and self-evident . Of this doctrine , thus adopted