to enter into any details before the House . It must be admitted that this precipitate proceeding has given great offence . Is the right hon . gent. , therefore , not called on to justify that proceeding , and why he attributed these ill purposes and motives to the Catholics ? And is he not called on to state what are the reasons which may have so suddenly stopt the accomplishment of these evil purposes ? I confess I can not see how the right hon . gent , can get out of this difficulty . Why , when the government had forborne so long , did they at last interfere ? —Why , when orders were issued , were those orders never enforced ? and why are the Catholic assemblies still allowed to continue ? I wish to know if the chancellor , the judges , and the law officers who are members of the council , and whose authority is deservedly high in the coun- 278 try , were consulted ? I wish to know what accounts were transmitted to this country by the lord lieutenant , whose duty it is to know all these things , touching the dangers existing in Ireland . These are things of the utmost moment to Ireland , and of the utmost moment to the whole empire ; and I will not allow the right hon . gent , to let these subjects go without investigation . I therefore , Sir , move you , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , requesting that his royal highness will order to be laid before this House , a copy or copies of any Proclamation or Proclamations which have been in the year 1811 , issued by the Lord Lieutenant and council of Ireland , relative to the enforcement of the provisions of an act passed by the parliament of Ireland in the 33d year of his present majesty 's reign , intituled , 'An act to prevent the election or appointment of unlawful assemblies , under pretence of preparing or presenting public petitions or other addresses to his Majesty or the parliament ; ' and also a copy or copies of any case or cases which have been laid before his Majesty 's attorney and solicitor general for Ireland , or either of them , by order of his grace the lord lieutenant of Ireland , relative to the enforcement of the provisions of the said act , together with their opinions thereon ; and also copies or extracts of all dispatches from his grace , relative to the conduct of an assembly , described in the letter of the right hon . William Wellesley Pole , principal secretary to his grace , now before this House , as an unlawful as sembly sitting in Dublin , and calling itself the Catholic Committee . '' rose and spoke as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; I am perfectly willing to admit to the fullest extent which the right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) can desire , that he has a right to call upon me for an explanation of the recent conduct of the Irish government . I acknowledge his claim to demand an explanation of those measures to which ha has alluded in the course of his speech ; and I trust that the answer which I am about to give , will prove satisfactory both , to the House and to that right hon . and learned gent . At the same time , Sir , I can not but express my deep regret , that the zeal and eagerness of the right hon . and learned gent . and other hon . gentlemen on that side of the House , have been ardent at to induce them not only to de- 279 mand explanations , but to prefer the most serious charges , at a time when they must have known that there was no person present who could give the explanation required , or who could answer the accusations preferred , I can not but