sufficiently favourable to bring back any large proportion of the treasure sent abroad . But from 1802 to 1809 , the increase did not exceed 3 or 400,000l . ; and I would ask , whether this shewed any disposition on the part of the Bank Directors , to avail themselves , improperly , of the act of 1804 , by which the restrictions bad been continued during the war ? 947 Since 1809 , a further depression of the exchange has taken place , and a greater quantity of coin has gone out of the country , and the consequence has undoubtedly been a considerable addition to the amount of Bank-notes . But will any individual venture to affirm , from his own observation , that this addition has been greater than the public necessity required ? An increase took place last summer , when the failure of several country banks occasioned a demand for Bank-notes for the ? country circulation . That demand has since lessened , and a corresponding diminution has taken place . But , if the natural and obvious effect of an excessive issue of paper be ( as it is contended , and which I by no means deny ) , to increase the price of every article , I must ask how it happens , that the price of the government floating securities , and of the public funds , has not been increased by the increased issue of Bank paper last summer ? In fact , instead of increasing , they have diminished in price , which seems to me to afford a decisive answer to the allegation of excess ; and that there is rather a scarcity than a superabundance of the circulating medium seems further proved by the beneficial effects produced by the recent issue of the commercial Exchequerbills . I now , Sir , come to the particular review of the Resolutions proposed by my learned friend , and it is unnecessary for me to trouble you by discussing them at any considerable length , having already examined the leading principles upon which they depend . To the first I object , that it is erroneous in fact and law ; and I have already stated my reasons for denying that any precise standard of the weight of our current coin exists , or ever has existed , in this country . If I am right in this opinion , it is clear that not only the first resolution must be rejected , but that the six immediately following , must fall with it , as they depend upon the same assumption of a fixed standard of the current weight of coin , and are wholly nugatory and unmeaning without it . The eighth is true in point of fact , and is indeed substantially the same with my second proposition ; but being introductory to succeeding resolutions , which I think equally unfounded in fact , and dangerous in their consequences , I can not assent to it in the place and manner now proposed . 948 The ninth resolution is also true in fact , and perfectly innocent ; but it is of so nugatory and ( if I may be pardoned for the expression ) so childish a nature , that I can not think it would become the gravity of parliament to place it on the Journals . The tenth Resolution I most decidedly object to . It proposes to parliament , to declare that which is not , and never has been , true ; and the declaration of which must have the most alarming effects . It either means that Bank-notes have lost their relative value compared with the current coin which they represent—a proposition which I have already shown to be unfounded ; or it means that the value of Bank-notes should be measured by the price of bullion ; and this is equally untrue . Bank-notes never have been the representatives of any thing but the legal money of the realm , and this they continue to be for every legal and honest purpose , as effectually as ever . To