to be , distinct and imperative ; because , by taking from the Bank Directors that discretion which they are best able to exercise , we should run the risk of doing great mischief in the pursuit of an object , which experience has 953 shewn to be unattainable . There are , undoubtedly , reasons , connected with the concerns of the Bank , why the directors should attend to the course of exchange , but they are not such as uniformly to lead either to an increase or diminution of issues . As long as the management of the affairs of the Bank is left in their hands uncontroled , they will apply their judgment to the circumstances of each case , as it may arise , and act under a sense of responsibility to parliament and to the public , as well as to their own corporation . But this resolution would take that responsibility from them , and where would it place it ? To whom are the Directors to apply for instructions in a case of doubt ? To parliament ? Parliament may not be sitting.—To the Treasury ? I believe no man who wishes well to public credit , would desire to place the Bank under the control of the Treasury . And who will say that either Parliament or the Treasury can be so well acquainted with the complicated details which enter into the consideration of a question of this kind , as the directors themselves ? Perhaps the learned chairman may say , that no such reference can be necessary ; that his rule is meant to be invariable , and that in all cases whatever , when the exchange falls , the issues of the Bank should be contracted . To prove his mistake , it is only necessary to read a sentence of his own Bullion Report : `` Your Committee are clearly of opinion , that although it ought to be the general policy of the Bank Directors to diminish their paper , in the event of a long continuance of a high price of bullion , and a very unfavourable exchange , yet it is essential to the commercial interests of this country , and to the general fulfilment of those mercantile engagements which a free issue of paper may have occasioned , that the accustomed degree of accommodation to the merchants should not be suddenly and materially reduced ; and that if any general and serious difficulty or apprehension on this subject should arise , it may , in the judgment of your Committee , be counteracted without danger , and with advantage to the public , by a liberality in the issue of Bank of England paper proportioned to the urgency of the particular occasion . '' I also object to this Resolution as implying a censure on the directors of the Bank , which , in my opinion , their conduct has not deserved , but which , if supposed to be merited , ought to have been 954 so distinctly expressed as to be capable of a direct answer . On the fifteenth Resolution I shall only say , that I am ready , in the fullest manner , to admit the great importance of the legal convertibility of our circulating paper into coin , not because I think it the only security against an excess of paper , but because it is the only adequate remedy for public alarm . It is impossible to foresee to what extent public alarm may go , or what its consequences may be , in a country in which the circulating medium possesses no intrinsic value . For this reason admit the convertibility of paper into coin to be of the greatest importance , although , while no alarm exists , and credit is entire , it seems to me indifferent of which our circulation may consist , as either will equally answer all the purposes of currency . But though I agree thus far with my learned friend , I disapprove of his Resolution , as directly leading to that last resolution which he has at