payment in 1805 , the year when the war had again broken out . It was a Bank as independent as any such institution in France could be , of the French government . It had a good capital , and circulated notes around the metropolis of France ; which it emitted only in the way of discounts , and , as far as he understood , only on the security of bills at short dates , and of a good character : it thus exceedingly resembled the Bank of England , though inferior in the extent of its transactions . The French government having occasion in 1805 for some advances on the security of what they call their anticipations , a species of security on which it was not consistent with the rules of the Bank of Paris to lend , borrowed the sum in question of some French merchants and capitalists , who then contrived to fabricate among themselves , and proceeded to discount at the Bank , as many securities as were sufficient to supply their occasions ; so that the Bank was the true lender . The object of thus borrowing at the Bank , was to save something in the way of interest ; for if these anticipations had been sold in the market , the price would have been very disadvantageous . The consequence of this transaction was , an augmentation of the paper of the Bank of Paris ; a drain of their cash followed ; the diligences were found to be carrying off silver into the departments , which the Bank , with a view to its own safety , had continually to bring back , with much expense and trouble . The circulating medium of the metropolis had now plainly become excessive . Greater , facilities were afforded for borrowing 908 in that quarter than in other places , and the country wished to partake in those opportunities of extending purchases which the metropolis enjoyed . But the paper of the Bank would not circulate in the departments ; it was therefore necessary first to exchange it for coin ; and the coin being then carried away from Paris , the plenty of circulating medium would equalize itself through the French territory . In England we had country bank paper , which was interchanged for Bank of England paper , and proportioned itself to it ; bat no part of the English paper would circulate out of the country . What therefore the departments of France were to Paris , that Europe was to Great Britain . If large opportunities of borrowing were afforded in London , and over England , by a free emission of paper , there would arise a disposition to exchange that paper for gold , because the gold might then be sent abroad , and it would tend to diffuse over the continent that plenty of circulating medium which we had introduced into our own territory.—It might , perhaps , be thought that the cases were dissimilar , inasmuch as we had an unfavourable course of exchange , and a high price of gold , into which the evil which we suffered appeared to resolve itself . But it would be found that there arose also a premium on silver at Paris , and an unfavourable exchange . between Paris and the departments of France ; and this was proportionate to the expence and trouble of bringing back the silver from the departments . There was , therefore , a similarity in the two cases . The Bank of Paris at length stopped payment ; the government was consulted , the Bank was directed to reduce its paper ; and in the course of three months , having pursued this principle , it opened without difficulty The discount on its paper , or , in other words , the premium on coin , had varied from I to 10 or 12 per cent . ; but after the reduction of paper it ceased . The exchanges of France with foreign countries bad also turned about 10 per cent . against that country . A special commission