that in the year 1804 the paper of the Bank of Ireland was depreciated . I might here ask him in what sense he understands the word depreciated when he so applies it : and he would have to answer me as it has been answered to him , that the Irish Bank note did not then represent the intrinsic value of the coin with which it was interchangeable . This s a most important admission on the part of the right hon . gentleman ; and it has a bearing upon the present question , of which one would almost apprehend he could not have been aware , but which nevertheless he will find it difficult to deny . The premium , as I understand , in 1804 was about 1s . 6d . on the guinea . At that period Irish Bank paper , as interchangeable with English , was at a discount which pretty nearly corresponded with its depreciation in reference to the coin . The premium now openly paid in Ireland upon guineas is from 3s . 6d . to 4s . But Irish Bank paper is now exchangeable with English nearly at par . Whence is it that English Bank paper , which had an advantage over Irish Bank paper in 1804 , when Irish paper was depreciated only about seven and a half per cent , should be now nearly on a par with it , when it is confessedly depreciated almost twenty per cent. ? If indeed English Bank paper has suffered a depreciation to the same amount , this phænomenon is perfectly intelligible : but upon the hypothesis of the perfect 1093 and unchanged equivalency of English Bank paper and coin , it admits of no solution . To my mind , I do confess , here is one decisive proof of depreciation . But , is not the case of the dollar , ( to which I have had occasion to refer with another view in a former part of the argument ) , itself a conclusive proof , not Only of the existence of a depreciation of Bank paper but of the opinion of the Bank , and of the government , that such depreciation does exist ? Why was the Bank note , which was equivalent to four dollars on one day ; worth two shillings less than four dollars the next ? Those who claim to themselves exclusively the title of practical men , take a subtle distinction , and say , that it is not the Bank note which is worth less , but the dollar which is worth more : and they treat as theorists and visionaries all whose faculties do not enable them to enter into this distinction . But however the variation arose , why did the government and the Bank think it necessary to sanction and promulgate it ? —Why ? but because the dollar , being a coin circulating in this country by sufferance only , a currency of convention , would , according to the admission , or rather the declaration of the Bank , under the authority of the privy council , have been driven out of circulation , that is to say , would have been hoarded or melted or exported , if it had not been allowed to pass at the marketable value of the silver which it contains . With this example before their eyes , —with this admission and declaration still recent before the eyes of the public , there are yet some persons who contend , that the disappearance of our legal coin—the guinea—is no proof of the depreciation of Bank notes , in respect to that coin ; but is entirely owing to the balance of trade and of payments , and to the wiles of our inveterate enemy . The Bank note , which , confronted with the dollar , shrunk from twenty to eighteen shillings , preserves , as they affirm , in face of the guinea , an unaltered , and unalterable equivalency.—And what is it , according to their theory , that occasions this peculiarity ? The law.—The law ,