delay ? Do they think I am betraying a secret ? they know but little of the class of men I allude to , if they do suppose this to be the case . The right hon . the Treasurer of the Navy hath this night developed abuses , hath stated frauds and impositions on the British seamen , such as were never before detailed to this House ; and will the Committee shut their eyes to them ? Are they prepared to say , the seamen have not had cause of complaint ? It is immaterial to my present view of the question , whether the cause rests with the agents or with the Admiralty Courts . The interests of the seamen are neglected ; and my opinion still is , that the fault lays with the Court ; but the evils exist , and ought to be cured . denied that he had mentioned 9,000 cases of abuse . He had stated that that number of cases had been registered by him ; that 600 had been carefully investigated , and that some abuses had been discovered ; but none had been attributable to the Admiralty Court . It was impossible for that Court to drag parties forward against their will . In the whole of the cases which he had examined , there was not an instance in which blame was attributable to any officer of the Admiralty Court , much less to the Judge . The 486 Proctor had not been in any way blame-able . The vessels had been condemned the same year they were brought before the Court ; and the only ground of delay was , the fresh claims by officers of the navy , which rendered it impossible to procure the decision of the Court of Appeal sooner . Of all the courts in the world of a similar description , the Court of Admiralty here was the most expeditious ; and its decisions were not only just , but had ex-cited the admiration of the whole world . said , he had admitted that the ships had been condemned in 1799 , but still the fact was undeniable , that , to this day , the seamen had not got their money . , when he considered the nature and tendency of such charges preferred against the Admiralty Court—while he subscribed to the opinion that they might produce mutiny , riot , and blow the world into a flame , as the honourable admiral had expressed it , he could not forbear following up what had been so distinctly said by his right , hon . and learned friend , with a few remarks within his own knowledge . Nobody had charged the hon . admiral with having done any thing unparliamentary ; though he should hope that what was unfair , inexpedient , and dangerous , could not be very parliamentary . But if it was parliamentary to have made the charge , he trusted , unfounded as it was , that it was equally parliamentary to repel it . He really thought that , after the candid , temperate , full and clear explanation given by his right hon . and learned friend , the hon . admiral himself would have felt himself bound to be the first in apologizing for the error into which he had fallen . Considering the consequences that might result from precipate charges of this nature , he thought the hon . admiral would have seen the propriety of making inquiry before he brought them forward in this public manner , and at a time when those were not in the House who could have given the requisite answer . Whatever might be required by strict parliamentary form , he apprehended that this would have been but fair and candid , as well as polite . What was the charge ? Why , that the gallant seamen who had fought under lord Duncan , had been kept out of their prize-money , the reward of their valour , for 12 years , in consequence of the delays of the court of admiralty—and upon this