ought to be taken into consideration . It was necessary to prove that the object of the Catholics was not to petition parliament , but to subvert the government , before the House could formally decide that the proceedings of the Catholics were illegal . But even if they were illegal , according to a strict interpretation of the Act , the House should take into its consideration such circumstances as exist to justify them . The Catholics bearing in remembrance the reception of some of their former petitions , could not fail to be induced to render any new application to parliament as free from exceptions as possible . They remembered that when in 1792 , they presented a petition to the Irish House of Commons , it was rejected , because the House thought proper to consider it as an act of an obscure faction , confined merely to the capital , disavowed by the great mass of the Catholics , ignorant of their sentiments , and incompetent to speak on their behalf . They also remembered what was said upon their petition in 1805 , by a right hon . and learned doctor , that from 19 counties there was not one subscriber to it , not a single man from all the Catholic clergy—and that he asked this question : `` How , therefore , can this petition be said to come from the Catholic community of Ireland ? '' Having such exceptions to their former petitions fresh in their memory , it was natural that they should wish to be able to lay before an administration , which they expected with reason would soon be formed , favourable to their claims , an accurate expression of the wishes of the whole body . But this is not the only circumstance that the House should take into its consideration in justification of their conduct . The Catholics had before them the precedent of their own convention in 1793—the favourable reception of the delegates of that convention by his Majesty—and the approbation of Mr. Pitt , as evinced by the concessions that followed.—They had also the conduct of three lord lieutenants of Ireland to lead them to consider the appointment of a Committee to manage their affairs , as a measure not contrary to law . Lord Hard-wicke—the duke of Bedford , and the duke of Richmond for four years of his administration having suffered the Committee to act in the capacity of a body representing 33 the Catholic community . It , therefore , was most unjust to apply the Convention Act against them without regard to the spirit of that Act , or considering the true motives which governed the conduct of the Committees . So far from deserving treatment of this kind , the general conduct of the Catholics had been such as to merit a very different return . It was impossible for their greatest enemies to sustain their charges of disloyalty against them . They had at all times , and at no period more generally than at the present , evinced their readiness to support the character of faithful and loyal subjects ; and was this nothing in the contemplation of the right hon . gentlemen opposite , when it is recollected in what manner they have been disappointed , insulted , and exasperated by the conduct of those right hon . gentlemen ? Though promised that the union should be followed by the grant of their emancipation , if the statute book is examined , it will be found that no one act has passed to render their condition better than it then was . Though they have presented their petitions to this House , they have been successively rejected , and in a manner , too , and with such language , as almost to take from them all hopes of succeeding.—When , therefore , the House shall take into its consideration all the circumstances connected with the late proceedings of the Catholic Committee—the manner in which his Majesty on a former occasion received an address of a Catholic convention—the exceptions that had been made to former petitions—and the