of 21,600 , and the fourth , at the rate of 24,000. was of opinion , that if Mr. Windham 's plan had been persevered in , it would have prevented the necessity of having recourse to measures like the present . moved to insert words for the purpose of suspending the operation of the ballot , after the passing of the Act , observing , that the ballot was now going on to complete the militia to 92,000 men , its present number being 84,000 , which were negatived . moved to leave out the clause imposing penalties in the parishes for not raising the men within the time allotted . The motion was opposed by the earl of Liverpool , and the House divided on the question that the clause stand part of the Bill . rose , he said , for the purpose of moving an humble address to his royal highness the Prince Regent , in answer to his most gracious communication made yesterday to their lordships , concerning the propriety of affording aid to the people of Portugal . The noble marquis called to the consideration of the House the effects that had been produced in Portugal by the spirit of the people and the troops that had been raised and taken into British pay . A sentiment had been there by created of admiration of the magnanimity , the perseverance , the zealous and ardent constancy , which the exertions of our ancient and faithful ally had , with British assistance , so strikingly manifested . He called to mind the great and costly sacrifices they had made : first in the preparations for an effectual resistance to their invaders ; and secondly , in bearing up with fortitude against what had since taken place , and , in the endurance of their spirit under the wanton cruelty and savage barbarity which had been exercised upon them in the retreat of the French army . He did not think it necessary to urge this subject by entering into details of what had been inflicted and what endured . What he was about to propose was justifiable , not only on motives of generosity to a people in alliance with us , but was due on the sound policy upon which he conceived every one must see that the proposition stood . But he should take the liberty of making a few observations on its general principles . There could scarely exist a doubt , that in such a contest as that in which this nation was now engaged , a fair and full view of its circumstances would justify us in raising a resistance in any part of the continent of Europe against the enemy , when there appeared any prospect of such resistance being efficacious and successful . But there had been much doubt , and experience had-confirmed the opinion , that whatever general principles of policy might justify we ought to know the sentiment of the nation which we were about to assist and encourage : we ought to know that she felt as sincerely and deeply as ourselves-the nature of her situation ; and that she felt that spirit and energy to resist her oppressor which could alone lead to a steady , regular , determined opposition , which could only be expected to be successful by the full view , on the part of the struggling nation , of the dangers and difficulties against which it had to contend . Under these circumstances , he begged their lordships to look at the great exertions of the Portuguese , and to consider that for the purpose of such a defensive war , the first and main-spring of resistance must be found in the spirit of the people themselves . Great exertions were made in the first instance ; but there was one great matter still required ; there was wanted not only the spirit to prepare , but the spirit to endure . See what were the efforts which had been made by the nation . It was not only the exertions of the Ordenanza , nor the numerous and great