body , that no such imputation would be presumed . Would it not be more proper , more correct , and more politic , to infer , even if a violation of law took place , that it did not spring from any predetermined disposition to commit an offence ? It has been said , Sir , that these discussions in parliament have occasioned the irritation that prevails in Ireland ; but it has been well and truly answered by my right hon . friend near me , that unless these irritated feelings have the means of evaporation in debate , they will lead to conspiracy ; that , if the Catholics can not proclaim their grievances , in open day , they will brood over them in caverns ; and what will be the consequence ? Although in imitation of the right hon . gent . opposite , I have already gone beyond the question , I must observe that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had at his entrance into office given a bond , sealed with his honour , that he never would concede the Catholic claims . Who sanctioned this act of the Irish government ? It is most important to ascertain this , that the character of the head of the government here may stand clear , if in reality it is clear , and on that ground I shall vote for the production of these papers ? It is highly desirable that the government of England should stand unconnected with this proceeding , to see whether Mr . Pole has been authorised to carry into execution this civil mode of arrest , or whether he has not been told that he has gone a step too far , and that part of his work must be undone . I apprehend that this is what has actually taken place . Suppose the Committee chose to hold its sittings in England , is there any law to prevent it ? Then why should there be any such law in Ireland ? I am anxious to see how the matter really stands , that blame may rest where it is justly due . . Sir , there is one point on which I wish to correct the hon . gent . He says , that when I came into power I gave a bond sealed with my honour never to concede the Catholic claims . To whom did I give such a bond ? Never , to any one . I most distinctly deny it . I hare , indeed , by the 48 expression of my sentiments in this House , opposed the Catholic claims ; and when I look to the present state of the Catholics , I can not anticipate any change in my opinions . If the hon . gent . chooses to call this declaration a bond , I am satisfied with that explanation ; but if he says I ever gave any other bond to any living person , I must flatly contradict it . I never did . Relying as I do on the wisdom of the Irish government , I feel convinced that they have not acted in this instance without being fully warranted by information . . The right hon . gent . deserves an explanation from me , and he shall have it . I did not mean to impute to him any thing which did not pass in this House . When I said he gave a bond not to concede the Catholic claims , I referred to the manner in which he came into power . The former ministry went out of power because they would not give such a bond . He came in , and of course it was to be inferred , that he had entered into that stipulation , for refusing to enter into which his predecessors had gone out . . I gave no such pledge on my taking power . But those who had left the government were pledged to the contrary , and it was natural to expect that those who had always opposed the Catholic