our money system unequivocally recognized , and with the prospect of our return to the practice of them only not impaired . Of that issue I will not despair . For the rest , I am willing to leave to the good sense `` and good intentions of the Bank , and to the suggestions of the executive government , that gradual retrenchment of the excess of our paper currency , which can 1128 alone correct those evils , the existence of which we all agree in acknowledging . I impute nothing to the Bank for whatever has taken place amiss : I rely confidently on their disposition to amend it . As to the government , I am quite sure , that whatever may be the present feelings of my right hon . friend , no obstinate attachment to preconceived opinions will prevent him from looking at the whole subject with impartiality , or from setting himself with that solicitude which its importance demands to review and to re-consider-all the facts and arguments connected with it , and to adapt his conduct ( his counsel , rather—for it is in that way alone that he can properly influence the Bank ) to whatever may after full deliberation be his own final and sincere conviction . I think that , after full deliberation , he can not be convinced but aright . If I am asked , `` What will you then be satisfied , after all , with doing nothing ? —with leaving things as they are ? '' I answer—We the House of Commons do perhaps as much as at this moment we can do , we do something practical—some ' thing essentially useful and important , if we strengthen , by a declaration of our opinion , the foundations of the money system of the country ; if we re-establish the credit of the true standard of our currency , at a moment when it is attempted to be brought into doubt and disrepute . The Bullion Committee will not have sat in vain , if its Report shall have recalled the attention of parliament to that system , and that standard , which it was never the intention of Parliament to abandon . Nor will this House have misspent its time , if at the conclusion of this long and anxious investigation , it shall give its sanction to the principles of the Bullion Committee , so far as the system of our money and the standard of our currency are concerned , even although it may withhold that sanction from the practical measure which the Report of the Committee recommends . rose , in pursuance of the notice he had given on a former day , to propose to their lordships 1129 a Bill `` to explain and render more effectual certain Acts of the 1st year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary , and of the 19th of George 3rd , so far as the same relate to Protestant Dissenting Ministers . '' The noble viscount said , it was his intention at this time to bring under their consideration the abuses which had arisen in the interpretation and the execution of two statutes , the 1st of William and Mary , and the 19th of George 3rd , so far as the same related to Protestant Dissenting Ministers . No man more than himself respected the rights given to Dissenters by these Acts of Toleration ; but all classes of mankind in this country , the Dissenter as well as the member of the Established Church , were interested in removing those abuses which he alluded to ; for in the proper exercise of religious duties was involved the dignity , the honour , and the sanctity of religion itself . The full advantage and happy blessings of toleration were not experienced before these statutes ; for it unfortunately occurred , that one intolerant party in religion was succeeded by another equally intolerant ; and it was not till the reign of king William that a true spirit of toleration was extended to those whose conscientious opinions led them to