not improper , as the colonel had not given Curtis the opportunity of proving his complaints before a court-martial , as he was entitled to do . This letter was sent by lord C. Somerset to the colonel of the regiment . The colonel , in answer to it , said that he was not aware that any charges could be made out against the quarter-master ; and that as to the breeches , the men were aware that they were ready to be delivered , but that they did not then want them . He also stated , that Curtis came up to him in a very improper manner to make his complaint . The fact , however , turned out to be , that the breeches were not ready for delivery at that time , nor 90 even so late as July . As to the impropriety of the manner in which Curtis made his complaint , the colonel was walking on the drill-ground , when he came up and mentioned it to him . In the case of Governor Wall , the lord chief justice was of opinion , that the man who died of the punishment he received in Africa , had done no more than he had an undoubted right to do , in complaining to his officers of a detention of pay ; and it then appeared to the lord chief justice , that if a colonel was to check such complaints , it would have the appearance of his being a partaker in the plunder . Curtis had made his complaint regularly to his colonel and his general . His colonel was applied to by him to try these charges by a general court-martial instead of a regimental court-martial , but he refused . In a regimental court-martial , it was well known that the officers were more connected with each other than they were in regular regiments , and this might produce a sort of bias . ( No ! no ! from the ministerial bench ) . That they were more connected was evident , and there was no accounting for feelings on such a subject . A general court-martial , on the other hand , was composed of men who were chiefly strangers to each other , and therefore it was a court which appeared more suitable for trying charges against an officer . The prisoner was refused the usual intercourse with his witnesses and with his counsel , previous to the trial ; and even a great coat which he before had was taken from him , and he was obliged to lie on the bare boards . Two other privates , Bellis and Reeve , also gave a statement of other abuses , but the colonel said he would take care of them too . They were brought before a court-martial , and threw themselves on the mercy of the court . They were sentenced to 500 lashes , which was remitted on their volunteering for foreign service . It appeared that at the time of the trial of Curtis , the quartermaster , serjeant Fox , publicly threatened and endeavoured to intimidate the witnesses of corporal Curtis ; and on the steps of the court publicly swore , that Curtis was a d—d rascal , and so was every one who took his part . Another serjeant publicly held out the expectation of twenty guineas and their discharge to any soldier that would prove that Curtis had spoken disrespectfully of his colonel . The charges were , first , for endeavouring to excite discontent and mutiny in the regiment : of 91 this charge he could not find a single tittle of evidence . The next was that of his having spoke disrespectfully of his colonel : it must , however , be allowed , that if he had spoken improperly of his colonel , his Blind was under considerable irritation at the time . He considered that he had been refused the satisfaction to which the military law entitled him . He had conceived himself to be entitled to 100l . and his discharge . For