silver , whatever quantity of circulating medium they thought proper , and when it is considered what temptation they had from feelings of private interest to make large issues , it is extremely important to attend to the new maxims and opinions which the Bank directors seem now to have adopted . And , upon this part of the subject , I must be allowed to say , that the Bank directors appear to me to have been and to be evidently and avowedly unacquainted with the sound principles , which ought to have governed their conduct under such trying circumstances . Their doctrine , as appears in the evidence taken before the Committee is this , that there can be no excess of issue , with regard to their paper , 818 as long as it is demanded ; that the extent of the demand ought to be the only limit ; and that the rate of interest makes no difference whatever in the consideration of the amount to be issued . I beg leave to call the attention of the Committee on this part of the subject to the evidence given by the Governor of the Bank of England , a most respectable individual , Mr. Whitmore . When that gentleman was asked , `` Does not a rise in the value of any species of money or currency mean a fall in the prices of commodities ? '' He answered ; `` I did not mean to state that , nor do I mean to state to the Committee any matter of opinion ; I would rather wish to leave that to the judgment of the Committee , and I am ready to answer any points of fact . '' And again when asked , `` Supposing the currency of any country to consist altogether of specie , would that specie be affected in its value by its abundance or by its diminution , the same as copper , brass , cloth , or any other article of merchandize ? '' His answer was ; `` I hare already said that I decline answering questions as to opinion ; I am very ready to answer any questions as to matters of fact ; I have not opinions formed upon the points stated in this and the preceding question sufficiently matured to offer them to the Committee . '' This was certainly most candid and perfectly intelligible on the part of Mr. Whitmore . But I will ask any hon . gent . whether it is equally reconcileable with the line of strict duty , and deliberate discretion , which ought to have regulated the conduct of the Bank directors under such circumstances ? Surely the head of an establishment , to which the discretionary power of feeding and adjusting the circulating medium , ought not to have been so uninformed upon the first principles of the operation entrusted to his management and should at least have furnished himself with the means of forming a distinct opinion upon so important a branch of the subject ? It was to have been expected that the governor of the Bank and the other directors should be acquainted with the plainest maxim of political economy , that the rise in the value of money or currency is equivalent to a fulfill the prices of commodities . This , however , seems never to have occurred to the governor or the other directors of the Bank , and to this negligence or ignorance on their part may be 819 traced the cause of the excessive issue of paper which has taken place . The Committee are aware that by law the Bank of England is restrained from taking more than five per cent . for their discounts . When the Committee , therefore , considered the spirit of speculation and extravagant commercial enterprise which appears to have prevailed during the last three years , it very naturally occurred to them , that in the hope of considerable profit from such undertakings the adventurers might be inclined to apply for a greater amount of discounts than the natural circulation of the country would