be to employ the manufacturers for the present , and add to that glut '' which was known to exist in the market already . He dwelt on the expectations held forth from the market of South 348 America , which he considered perfectly delusive and visionary , especially as from the present divided state of that country , the returns were likely to be still farther , protracted , and the market to be more disturbed and impeded than before . He cautioned the House not to expect that the money would be soon repaid ; he doubted whether it would afford any relief . thought the difficulty of so serious a nature , that they were bound to do all they could to remove it . He agreed with the hon . bart . as to the propriety of equalizing the condition of parliamentary and private creditors , and ' thought that though the relief might not prove to be sufficient , it was but right to make the experiment . would not say that he was courageous enough to resist the vote at present , but he was anxious to be distinctly understood as not intending to pledge himself so far as to prevent his retracting , if at a future stage his conviction told him that it would be right . Of all those who had spoken , not one had expressed a sanguine notion of the success of the measure . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had declined answering a question which he had put to him the other day , as to whether he was prevailed upon by importunity to accede to the measure , or was converted to it . If he might judge from the speech of the right hon . gentleman to-night , it appeared that he was no convert , but was persuaded by importunity . The hon . baronet ( sir Robert Peele ) had spoken with great feeling , but the question was not whether , they should yield to feeling , but whether , the grant of six millions was likely to be of advantage to the operative manufacturer ? He characterised the Report as one of the most loose and ill digested that ever was laid before the House , and selected some parts from Mr. Gordon 's evidence to prove an inconsistency in his statements . He charged the Committee with not attending sufficiently to the re- ' solutions of the Deputation , and reminded the House that he had originally objected to the formation of the Committee , upon the ground that it was likely to be influenced by too large a portion of feeling . He wished that the Report upon the other Exchequer bills had been received before ' this motion was made , and alluded to the representation of the flourishing state ' of trade in the King 's speech of last session . agreed in one thing with the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , and that was the observation that the circumstance of the measure having been brought into the House should not prevent him , or any one , from voting against it , if upon a further view it appeared not to be beneficial . With respect to the hon . gentleman 's assertion , that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had yielded to importunity instead of being a convert to the measure , he would own that he had not the same sanguine hope as in the year 1793 , but still he thought that it afforded a favourable chance of relief and ought to be tried . Although the most favourable circumstance in the other case did not exist in the present , still there were many favourable circumstances in this case which were not in the other . The market was not now open as it was then , but in 1793 there was a great fall in the stocks , the 3 per-cents . fell from near 100 down to 70 , which produced a total loss of capital which could not be