some time ; but in the years 1800 and 1801 the scarcity of , and great demand for corn , occasioned a great sensation in the exchanges , and a great increase in the price of bullion . The scarcity , however , which was felt in 1800 and in 1801 , ceased in 1802 , and the pressure which it had caused ceased also , or at least was diminished in a very considerable degree . He would now call the attention of the Committee to the eleventh Resolution of his right hon . friend , `` That the average price of wheat per quarter in the year 1798 , was 50s . 3d . ; in 1799 , 67s . 5d . ; in 1800 , 113s . 7d . ; in 1801 , 118s . 3d . ; and in 1802 , 67s . 5d . That the exchange with Hamburgh was in January 1798 , 38 . 2. ; January 1739,37 . 7. ; January 1800 , 32. ; and January 1801 , 29 . 3 , being in the whole a fall of 22 per cent . In January 1802 , 32 . 2. ; and December 1802 , 34. , being in the whole a rise , of about 13 per cent . '' Now , from the history of those five years , and the manner in which the exchanges recovered when the scarcity which had led to the 1075 pressure of them had ceased , he thought with an extraordinary foreign expenditure for the last few years , occasioned by the war in Spain , and expences incurred in the Baltic , the effect produced on the exchanges might reasonably be ascribed to causes similar to those from which the evil was known to arise before . The Committee did condescend to admit that these causes might in some measure contribute to the effect produced ; but they could not deny this : they would not allow them their due weight . The resumption of cash payments was impossible . Gold could not be procured , and if it could , the Bank would immediately be drained of it , without any advantage to the public ; and that proposed as a remedy would but aggravate the evil , and accelerate that it was their most anxious wish to avoid . Under , these circumstances , However , the rational resolution proposed by the Committee was , to do away the Bank restriction , which , acting singly , had before produced no sensible effect , in order to get out of the difficulty ; while those causes which were known to have given birth to it before , were to be disregarded , though they had been felt for three years , and were still increasing in force . If this were rational , he confessed his capacity was not framed to understand it . If such a measure were unhappily adopted , it might restore the balance of trade , but it would destroy the foundation of the country , and render it impossible to continue that contest which all were agreed ought not now to be relinquished . From what had been heard in the course of the debate , it was clearer than ever that what was recommended by the Committee was not practicable ; and if it were practicable , that it would be most ruinous . It had been said , that the proposed line of conduct ought to be pursued , in justice to the public creditors ; but if a proposition were adopted which would ruin the country , he thought it was not very likely that it would then find itself in a situation to do justice to its creditors . The state in which we were placed at present , was one which , if it rendered us unable to do them justice , was one which had resulted from unforeseen circumstances growing out of the adoption of a line of conduct which was indispensably necessary to the salvation of the country . Would it now be justice , with their eyes