the secret nature of the act , from which , by the existing law , it would be impossible ever to make a discovery of it . If the offence could be discovered , the present law was sufficient to convict the offender , and there would then be no necessity of coming to the House for an alteration . He concluded with declaring , that he should vote for the Committee . thought it impossible to look at the subject , without seeing that there was great room far improvement in the election law . It was not sufficient for the House , however , lo be convinced that there was this , that , and the other thing , to censure . They were to look at the question narrowly , and to see that in their desire for improvement they did not introduce an abuse rather than a remedy . He particularly objected to the clause , by which a person was compelled to make a disclosure of an offence in which he himself was implicated . This was lo oblige a jury to give credit to a person so circumstanced , whether he might be swearing true or false ; and , at the same time , to leave the party against whom he complained completely at his mercy . He had only to name a time and place when no person 507 else could be present , and in this way , must be certain of acquitting or convicting as he pleased , and at the same time of himself escaping detection . The remedying the abuses in elections , was a consummation devoutly to be wished ; but , not at the expence of such a Bill as the present . wished to know why the accounts relative to this grant , had not been accurately stated as usual ? replied , that the Estimate was before the House . was happy to inform the right hon . baronet , that the grant of the preceding year had been 25,000l . of which sum 2,875l . remained on hand as the surplus . The right hon . baronet knew very well what the grant was composed of , and he also knew very well that the expences this year for special commissions , & c. were great . It had , therefore , notwithstanding the surplus remaining , been deemed expedient to take the same sum for the present year . expressed himself dissatisfied with the statement of the hon . gentleman . He declared that he was not to be put down in the discharge of his public duty by the tone and manner of the hon . gent . which did not result altogether from his official situation , but was in some degree a family inheritance.— ( Order , order . ) thought it was hard that the hon . baronet should accuse him of arrogance after the attempt which he had made to satisfy his inquiries . He trusted , however , that the Committee would be 508 convinced that he had fully explained the subject . The Resolution was agreed to . The next sum proposed was the annual grant for Civil Buildings in Ireland . said , that the sum usually voted under the head of Civil Buildings was 25,000l . and the general opinion was , that this sum was expended on a few public buildings , and upon the houses of the lord lieutenant and the chief secretary . The sum expended however amounted very often to double the sum granted . In order to correct this evil , he thought it necessary that the estimates should be framed in a different manner , and he had given directions that they should state distinctly the different services for which the money was required . The papers therefore now before the House , contained a detailed estimate of the probable expenditure of the Board of Works for the year 1811 , distinguishing each building in which works were to be performed , viz . the castle , the law courts , public offices , and other public