received a letter from his Lordship expressive of his resolution to oppose the erection of any theatre in the city of Westminster . Under these circumstances it was impossible that the Drury Lane Proprietors could proceed . A negociation followed upon the subject with lord Dartmouth , the result of which was , a final settlement , that the dormant patent should not be acted on , and that the running patent should continue in force 21 years . These were the sole and uncontroulable causes of the delay in rebuilding Drury Lane Theatre . He had observed , that with respect to the present application , there had been some popular arguments used in the Petition , which were omitted entirely in the Bill . It was represented in the former , that the New Theatre would be established on the principle of opening at the old prices , and of furnishing correct , moral , and rational entertainments . These objects , however , formed no part of the Bill . He was aware , that he should be charged with defending a monopoly , and he was perfectly sensible of the just odium in which monopoly was generally held . But 498 on a sweeping principle of this nature , the monopoly of the East-India Company , lord Gwydir 's mooring-chain monopoly , & c. should be all abolished . So far as his own individual interest was concerned , he would willingly surrender , it to the public ; but what he must contend for was , that it was contrary to the whole spirit of legislation to interfere with any charter or patent , without providing adequate compensation . He must say , that the present Bill took a most colossal stride ; and while it placed one foot upon the chartered rights of the city of London , boldly trod with the other on the ancient prerogatives of the crown . The Bill as it was now framed gave the right of building the new Theatre either on the scite of the Mansion-house , or Guildhall , or the Royal Exchange ; but he believed the people in the city were prepared to resist so dangerous an innovation . He would not detain the House further than to say , that it was evident that the present application would never have been made , but for the discovery in another place that the royal prerogative was opposed to it . , after expressing the high opinion which he had ever entertained of the genius and talents of the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , observed , that there were two grounds on which the motion submitted to the House might be supported . The first was the great recent increase of the population of the metropolis , and the second , the great and notorious embarrassments in which the property of the Drury-lane proprietors was involved . He believed the neglect of rebuilding that Theatre arose solely from inability . Convinced , however , as he was , that it would never again hold up its head , yet , if there was every reason to believe the contrary , the argument for a new Theatre would be equally strong . As to what had been said of the prerogative of the crown , it could not be contended that it was not necessary for the subject matter of prerogative to be as ancient as the prerogative itself . The number of play-houses was originally limited by Act of Parliament , to prevent the licentiousness which their number was supposed to encourage . If the evidence should now be the other way , an Act of Parliament must be the proper mode of establishing a different regulation . At the period of the Usurpation , all stage-plays were prohibited ; at the Restoration they were opened again ; and , as appeared from Mr. Hume 's History , much licen- 499 tiousness followed . In order to restrain this licentiousness in some measure , two exclusive patents were granted—one of them to sir William Davenant ; but the Grown