sell with safety ; that is chiefly occasioned by the want of payment for the goods sold : that will in some measure come round in the course of twelve months , and then the manufacturer will have his own capital again . `` That there has been a very considerable supply of this sort of manufactures sent to the peninsula , which was in a great measure with a view to their being sent to the Spanish colonies ; that the same failure of payment happened in some degree , in respect of those goods , as those sent to South America ; that one considerable house in London connected with this trade , which stopped or made a pause within the last two or three weeks , had sent a great quantity to Cadiz ; and they informed the witness that the last account they had was , that the goods would all be sold in this and the next month , by which means they should be able to make a handsome dividend to their creditors ; but their bills having gone back on the manufacturers , they are depressed in the mean time . `` That there had been a great fall in the price of the manufacture ; that when he left Glasgow , there were some articles of manufacture which had fallen perhaps 40 or 50 per cent . ; but he understands from communications since that , the fall is 254 greater , because the distress is become more general . `` With respect to the failures that had happened , there are several houses which will probably pay very large dividends ; and indeed there are several of the houses in Glasgow that he alludes to , which stopped payment , have undertaken to pay their creditors in full in a certain time ; one who had more than 200,000l . of bills out , has undertaken to pay his creditors in 3 , 4 , 8 , 12 and 16 months , and probably he will do it , but in the mean time the manufacturers can not command a shilling of this money ; that the failure of these houses , before he left Glasgow , had amounted from one to two millions ; one house ( the same to which the witness alluded before ) has failed since that time for 519,000l . which they have undertaken to pay in full . `` That the failures of the export houses , certainly arose from their having gone greatly beyond their capital , having exported goods to a far greater extent ; but he understood many of those houses were not without capital , and some even had large capital , but being disappointed in the markets , it was found that they could not make their returns so quickly as their bills became due ; there are houses of that description in Liverpool , and some in Glasgow . '' Being asked , as to the amount of failures on the present occasion , as compared with those in 1793 , he said , The proportion of failures will be always something in proportion to the extent of the trade , ( which has increased wonderfully since 1793 ) and of course the failures now are to a much larger amount than they were at that period . ' Your Committee having given this full extract from the evidence of Mr. Garden , have to state , that it was in general confirmed by the evidence of Messrs . I. and R. Mackerrell , and Mr. Henry Fulton , muslin manufacturers at Paisley ; and that evidence in a great degree to a similar import was given to the Committee by Sir Robert Peel . With regard to the state of the manufacturers in Lancashire , he stated , that the price of goods had fallen 40 , 50 , and in some instances 60 per cent.—that the greatest manufacturers had been obliged to reduce the quantity of their work by one-third , others one-half , and others again had been obliged to discharge their workmen altogether ; and