calculated to produce , would never more be thought of . The first introduction of draughting from the militia was on the occasion of the expedition to the Helder , and it was then thought fit to accede to it from the extraordinary circumstances of the time . Who could then have supposed that it would have become a general system ? All the objections which were then urged , of converting the militia officers into recruiting officers for the army , and of the insubordination it would occasion in the militia , were now got over . They were now never thought of . Nobody would ever think now of urging the necessities of the country in favour of the measure . His great objection to this measure was , that it put an end to all the benefit naturally to be expected from the plan of Mr. Windham , who had the art of infusing his own spirit into whatever he undertook . The present system was distressing and grinding in the highest degree on the lower orders . contended that it was necessary , in the present situation of the country , that the army should be kept up to its greatest and most efficient force . He wished , therefore , that gentlemen who opposed the present Bill would propose some substitute for it which would be equally effectual . At the same time he entertained no doubt , from past experience , that there would be no necessity for resorting to the ballot within the time mentioned by the hon . gentleman . It might be asked then , why not agree to the clause proposed to be introduced by the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bankes ) ? He would tell them why . He was afraid the introduction of such a clause would induce persons disposed to enlist to suppose that the ballot would necessarily take place at the end of two years , and would prevent them from entering till then , when they might expect greater advantages to arise to them . As to the idea of discipline being destroyed by this measure , this was greatly exaggerated , and officers of the 670 first eminence had declared , that any regiment into which one-seventh of raw recruits had been introduced , could be in a state to meet the enemy within three weeks . As to the plan of enlisting for limited service having been abolished , the fact was not so , but an option was allowed of enlisting for limited or unlimited service , and not one fourth of those enlisted chose to avail themselves of the former , though the difference in bounty was only one guinea , being five guineas for limited and six guineas for unlimited service . contended , that these constant leaps which the militia were made to take , were calculated to produce , and in fact had produced insubordination in the militia . It would be a great deal better to put an end to this species of force at once . , supported the measure ; and was of opinion that a seventh taken annually from the militia for the regular army might be supplied by beat of drum , and without resorting to the ballot . He had witnessed many volunteerings from the militia , and he never knew them interfere with the discipline of the militia regiments . proceeded to call the attention of the Committee to the Ordnance Estimates for the present year . The Ordinaries were considerably greater than they were last year , arising principally from the transfer to this head of service of several articles from the Extraordinaries , particularly the Artillery Drivers , Waggon Train , & c. He had endeavoured as much as possible , to follow a similar plan to that adopted in the Army Estimates , as being the most likely to make his statement intelligible to gentlemen who had been accustomed to attend to the Army Estimates . As the Estimates , however , were so transposed , it would not be necessary for him to compare them with