? What so common , what so reasonable as seeking for the evidence on which the propriety of measures one wishes to recommend must necessarily rest ? What is there unmanly in this ? Have I disguised my objects ; have I not rather detained , and , I fear , wearied your lordships with the detail of them ? I think , indeed , that , even without concurring with me in those objects , the House should procure the information I ask for ; but I have not concealed what is my view of that information , or what are the measures I should ground upon it . In this , then , there is nothing insincere , nothing indirect . If the learned lord objects to it on that score , he must object to proceedings in Parliament without end . Did he never read a remedial statute ? Does he suppose that the abuses which such statutes correct , that the grievances which such statutes remove , `` re not ascertained before they are recited 168 and acted upon ? and why , when I have a measure of remedy and precaution in view , is it unmanly or indirect in me to move for the proof of the evil which I endeavour to correct ? It is by the statute of William and Mary ( which , though the noble lord once denied the existence of it , I make no doubt he is now well acquainted with ) ; it is by the precedent of that statute that I wish to be guided . That statute states in the preamble , that `` vexatious prosecutions on criminal informations had frequently occurred of late , by which parties had been put to great expence , & c. & c. '' And then proceeds to provide such measures as might prevent the recurrence of the abuse . So I , who mean to recommend to your lordships some legislative measure in consequence of the increased frequency of one particular description of prosecutions , the Ex Officio Informations , think it neither indirect nor unreasonable to call for information of the numbers of such informations that have been filed of late years—to this object the motion is confined ; and while I have in view some further regulation , I begin in the first instance by laying my ground , and ascertaining the facts on which the propriety of that regulation must rest . The noble and learned lord further says that he has paid painful attention to my speech , and found it , as he foresaw it would be , a continuation of my former argument , a mere nondum finitus Orestes , as he is pleased sarcastically to term it . It is a pity the noble lord 's memory should be as treacherous as his attention is unavailing . In spite of the one he has misapprehended , as your lordships must all have seen , every word I have spoken this night , and I can assure your lordships that in the exercise of the other , his statement of what passed three years ago is as incorrect , is as directly the reverse of what I did say , as his representations of my arguments this night.—The discussions on the Bill of 1808 are fresh in my recollection ; they made a deep impression on my mind , a deeper , perhaps , than the noble and learned lord could wish , or was aware of ; there were circumstances in those discussions not easily forgotten . The noble and learned lord interrupted me on that occasion to deny the existence of a law , to which I was referring ; a law which , in spite of such interruption , still , remained and remains unrepealed on the statute books ; a law which the noble and learned lord who first denied 169 its existence , and then maintained its desuetude , actually executes every term , or if he does not execute , is impeachable and punishable for a neglect of his judicial duties . I remember these things