coin , in comparison with gold in bullion , that was an assertion to which he could by no means accede . What was the extent of the difference , or under what circumstances it might be increased or diminished , was another question ; but that there was a difference between gold in coin and gold in bullion , was a point upon which he could hardly think it possible to entertain a doubt , as long as the present system of our coinage laws remained in force . It might be argued , that that system was a bad one , and that it 1069 ought to be changed . Some gentlemen had advanced that opinion in effect , if not in terms . They thought that it would be wise and politic to remove all the impediments which the laws at present threw in the way of the exportation of our coin . If the legislature were to adopt that opinion , and to repeal all the laws now existing upon the subject , and if the guinea were to circulate abroad precisely for the same value that it did at home , in that case , and in that case only , would the proposition be true , that there was no difference between gold in coin and gold in bullion . But the question , as it appeared to him , could only be properly decided by taking the facts as they did really exist , and not as some gentlemen might think they ought to exist . Now , what were the real facts of the case ? This country was under the necessity , from the nature of the war in which it was from necessity engaged , to carry on extensive military operations abroad ; and those military operations required that a considerable quantity of gold should be sent out of the country . By the law , as it now stood , gold in coin could not be applied to this purpose , because that law prohibited , under severe penalties , the sending it abroad . If , then , gold must be employed , and we could not send it in coin , it followed of course that we must send it in the shape of bullion . This circumstance created an increased demand for bullion , and therefore gave it a higher value than gold in coin . Was it , then , true , that gold in bars and gold in coin was of the same value ? His hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) certainly had advanced that opinion , and seemed to think that gold was natural money , and of the same value in whatever shape ; but the fact was , that coin was not of the same value abroad as bullion , because it could not be exported ; and bullion was not of the same value at home as coin , because it was not a legal tender . He therefore contended , that there was no proof before the Committee that the paper of the Bank of England was depreciated in the sense in which he understood and had explained that term ; that was to say , that the Bank note bore the same relative value to a guinea , that it always did , for all the purposes for which a guinea was legally applicable . If the paper of the Bank , which was only intended for internal circulation , was equal to the guinea considered only with a view to internal 1070 circulation , for which it was also exclusively intended , then most assuredly the Bank paper could not be said to be depreciated in value . All , therefore , that his hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) had said about the superior value of a light guinea to a heavy one , which appeared so very ingenious to an hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Parnell ) , had , in fact , no bearing upon the real question . Because , if a guinea from the deficiency