person infers from this statement , that I depreciate the vigour , the talents , and the courage of the gallant officers and soldiers of my country , and raise those of our enemy into a state of superiority , I will give him a direct denial . My examination of military records and my personal knowledge in the field , both enable me to approve the conclusion which proceeded from marshal Villars , after a long experience and many severe conflicts against the British , that `` he would prefer the command of 2,5,000 national English , to 30,000 of any other nation in the world . '' I only make these statements , as I am supported by facts , to prove the small degree of vigour in this vigorous administration , and the madness of our continental experiments . With the account of the fall of Almeida , strong insinuations of treachery against some officers of the garrison , and rumours of a conspiracy at Lisbon , reached this country . As to the particular points of the supposed infidelity , or of the magnitude of the conspiraey in the capital of Portugal , we are not in possession of any documents to enable us to decide with propriety . But the history of the world affords a general solution to similar reports under similar circumstances . All historians have described the effects of invasion and overthrow , and have naturally and invariably shewn , that a people ceases to possess confidence when they can not obtain protection . The early and unexpected surrender of these fortresses , Ciudad Rodrigo and Almeida , must have produced disagreeable sensations in the 202 minds of our allies , and instantaneously occasioned those military movements which they had not anticipated . It had been represented , both in Lisbon and the camp , that the defence of two fortified places , well stored and garrisoned for a siege , and within the reach of one day 's march of the allied army , would have augmented the enemy 's difficulties so as to have occasioned a retreat , or that the protracted defence of those fortresses would have called in aid the periodical rains of the country to defeat the entire design of the French . The stores found in the fallen citadals must necessarily have been of great utility to marshal Massena , and the ground occupied by the enemy obliged lord Wellington to retrograde with the allied army . Notwithstanding the evidence of our senses upon this occasion , the inhabitants of Great Britain were overpowered by the rhapsody contained in the Ministerial Journals , on every mention of Lord Wellington , by their self-important reasonings upon military subjects , and by their positive affirmation that he had not commenced a retreat . The treasury of England , at this particular juncture , `` appeared to be the magazine of news , where invention framed the fable of the day , and credulity stood ready to receive it . '' It would be superfluous to enumerate the different towns , villages , and mountains , that were occupied by the allies , or the rivers that were passed between the frontier of Portugal and the neighbourhood of Coimbra , which Stands almost in view of I the Atlantic ocean . During this state of anxiety and expectation , the Park and Tower guns , and the Gazette , proclaimed the victory of Busaco . The reports of that repulse of the French , which have hitherto reached this country , contain such scanty information , that the whole transaction , as a military transaction , except the repulse , appears enigmatical . We know that the British and Portuguese troops were formed in line on the ridge of Busaco : that the French army approached the valley , which lay contiguous to the position of the allies : that two detachments climbed the rocks and commenced their attack upon two points : that the assailants were repulsed with considerable loss : and that marshal Massena did not renew his attempts , but immediately made a movement , which