a banker to the projected work . He begged , though irregular , to ask any hon . member for the city if this were not strictly true ? declared that the city of London had no intention of countenancing the erection of this theatre within their liberties . resumed : he hoped this would satisfy the House for the present . If ever the question came to be discussed again , it would be on the ground of compensation to the patentees , and not to wrest their property from them with the unfeeling hand of iron injustice . Even all the wild patents granted by Charles 2 , had been taken away only on compensation being made , and they would never deal more hardly by a patent for which a valuable consideration was given.—He had troubled the House at this length , as he was most anxious for the interests of the proprietors and renters of the theatre , who had lost so much , and every feeling of honour and sensibility prompted him to advocate their cause . For the truth with which he had done this , and the earnest exertions making to re-establish the property , he had only to refer to his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , whose character stamped the transaction , as he would never lend himself to any untrue or delusory statement . asked , if the city of London had not a theatre already ? answered in the negative . The Royalty theatre was not within the liberties of London , but in the Tower Hamlets . did not think that sufficient grounds had been stated for the postponement . explained ; and after a few words from gen. Phipps and Mr. Hellish , the House divided , when there appeared—For the second reading 23 ; For the amendment 80 ; Majority 57 . The Bill was accordingly lost . said , he held in his hands a Petition from a Mr. Luson , formerly Clerk of the Checques in Sheerness Dock- 1148 yard , who , after having served more than thirty years , was removed from his office for what , at most , could only be accounted negligence—and was now literally starving . He had frequently applied to successive Boards of Admiralty to examine his case , without success . At the same time that he brought forward this Petition , he would not follow it up with any motion , but would merely recommend to the Board of Admiralty to take the case under consideration , and afford the poor unfortunate individual , who bore an excellent character , some part of his former salary . The Petition was then read , setting forth : `` That the Petitioner was entered as a clerk in the navy office in February 1777 , being then in the 34th year of his age ; and in September 1788 he was promoted to the appointment of clerk to the rope yard in his majesty 's dock yard at Chatham ; in the month of December following he was appointed clerk of the survey of Sheerness dock yard , and succeeded to the appointment of clerk of the cheque in the same yard in October 1791 , in which situation he continued till the 22d of October 1802 , when he was dismissed by the navy board 's warrant , in pursuance of a warrant from the admiralty board ; and that the said warrants did not impute to the Petitioner any personal criminality or misconduct , but assigned , as the grounds of his dismissal , certain instances of negligence or remissness resulting from the incompetence of those clerks whom he found in his office , for which their lordships held the Petitioner to be responsible ; '' and praying for relief . then moved , that the Petition do lie on the table . observed that the Petition was not subscribed by Mr. Luson , and asked if the hon . bart . was prepared to say that the Petition was of his hand writing , otherwise it could not be received . having