not to interfere with the growing prosperity of that country . '' But where was the proof of that growing prosperity ? Was it to be found in the fact , which he defied the right hon . gent . to disprove , that the whole of , the revenue of 53 Ireland fell short , by a million sterling , of I the payment of the interest of her funded debt , without expending a shilling towards her establishment ? Had that been occasioned by their speeches ? As well might it be said , that the difficulties under which this country at present laboured , were occasioned by inflammatory speeches delivered in that House , as that the misfortunes of Ireland were attributable to such a source . The people of Ireland felt their situation ; let not that feeling be pushed too far , lest it might induce those who were at present well affected to the connection with England , to consider it as any thing rather than a benefit . With respect to what had fallen from an hon . member ( Mr. Fuller ) he was not surprised at his mistaking a point of order ; but certainly the assertion , that , 30 years ago , the people of Ireland turned the arms with which they had been intrusted , against this country , astonished him not a little . It was another proof of the little attention paid to the history of Ireland . At the time to which the hon . member alluded , so far from any seeds of rebellion existing in the country , the parliament of Ireland suffered a considerable portion of the military establishment to be sent abroad in the service of Great Britain , while the volunteers , who were now branded as traitors , kept the enemy from the shores of Ireland . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , that , in the conduct pursued by the Irish government , the law was with them , and he pledged himself to the fact . But he ( Mr. Ponsonby ) could not so readily agree that the law was on their side ; and , for that reason , he wished to have full information on the subject . The act which was to be enforced specified the particular kind of meeting which came within its meaning— '' If any individuals met under certain circumstances , then such meeting should be deemed an unlawful assembly , and the persons constituting it be guilty of a high misdemeanor . '' Now the information he wanted was , whether the bodies mentioned in the Circular Letter were really about to meet for the purpose of considering the propriety of presenting their petition , and for no other object ? Because the last clause said , `` That the provisions of the Act shall not extend to the right of petition . '' Therefore the mind and intention of those persons should be ascertained . If the letter sent round to the Catholics was merely colourable—if it was only a pretence to cover other views 54 —then he would agree that those who were assembled under it might be deemed guilty of having met unlawfully . But they ought to know how the facts really stood before they attempted to give a decisive opinion.—The Circular Letter of the lord-lieutenant denominated the Catholic Committee `` an unlawful assembly '' —before a single person appeared to have been elected , in the manner specified by the Act . The whole proceeding had been grounded on the letter addressed to the Catholics throughout Ireland , although , perhaps , no act had been done , nor any persons associated in consequence of it . Certainly some satisfactory evidence should have been first obtained before the measure was resorted to . It might be asked , `` Would you , then , permit the illegal act to be committed , and not endeavour , in the first instance , to prevent it ? '' Undoubtedly , not . But he would have proper information , and