of his argument , it surely was not open to the imputation which my right hon . friend found it convenient to attach to it ; as if the hon . gent . had been guilty of the egregious absurdity of proposing for the imitation of this country , the political courage of the Dutch , and the military prowess of the Hamburghers . I am not , however , disposed to deny the assertion , which my right hon . friend has grounded upon this argument , that inferences are not to be conclusively drawn from the establishments of other countries , whether political or commercial , to our own . The principles of public credit are so much better understood , and so much more religiously observed in this country , the line of separation between the financial operations of the state , and the concerns of the national Bank , confounded too often by arbitrary governments , is here so distinctly marked , that it can not be doubted but many general propositions are true of paper currencies abroad , which would be utterly inapplicable to the system of the Bank of England . The depreciation of the Austrian paper money , there fore , which has been cited 1109 and commented upon by my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Huskisson , ) is not precisely an example ; it is not a counterpart of our actual situation : but it does afford a most useful warning ; it shows how rapidly paper money sinks in value , when once power has been in any degree substituted for confidence ; and how tremendously , when once the first impulse has been given , the force of the descent accumulates and increases . The depreciation of Austrian paper was not , in its origin , like that which we are now discussing ; there was , in its origin , something of discredit , of a distrust ( that is ) of the solidity of the funds upon which the paper was issued . If solidity of funds , however , were alone sufficient to keep up the credit of a paper , even the assignats of France would not have fallen so soon and so rapidly in value . The rulers of France by whom that paper money was coined , affected to be surprised at the depreciation of securities , resting , as they contended , on foundations more solid than those of the Bank of England—and calculated , like the paper of the Bank , to promote the prosperity of the country in which it circulated . Well and wisely did Mr. Burke , when , in the language of an orator , and in the spirit of a prophet , he foreshowed that series and succession of calamities , which the principles of the French revolution , in all its parts , must inevitably produce—well and wisely did he describe those essential qualities of the paper of the Bank of England which constitute its real value . `` They ( said he , speaking of the National Assembly ) imagine , that our flourishing state in England is owing to Bank paper , and not the Bank paper to the flourishing condition of our commerce , to the solidity of our credit , and to the total ex- , elusion of all idea of power from any part of the transaction . They forget that in England not one shilling of paper money of any description is received but of choice ; that the whole had its origin in cash actually deposited ; and that it is convertible at pleasure , in an instant , and without the smallest loss , into cash again . Our paper is of value in commerce , because in law it is of none . It is powerful on change , because in Westminster hall it is impotent . In payment of a debt of 20l . a creditor may refuse all the paper of the Bank of England . Nor is there among us a single public security , of any quality or nature whatsoever