is not—whether we shall continue the war in the Peninsula with all our heart , and with all our might ? Who doubts , who dissuades that determination ? That point might have been assumed , without hazard of contradiction . But my right hon . friend argues that point , as if it were disputed : and assumes without argument that which it was necessary for him to prove : namely , that to the continuance of the war , and of our successes in the peninsula , it is essential that the present system of our currency should remain unchanged . Just as fairly might I assume without argument that a change in our currency is necessary to this same purpose of continuing ; the war ; and then retort upon my right , hon . friend his own expostulations against fettering the energies , and cramping the exertions of the country . In either case the point which alone is in dispute , remains to be decided . Why is the continuance of the present 1084 system of currency essential to the continuance of the war ? Is it because that currency is in a sound state ? or that , being depreciated , a depreciated currency is the best instrument of foreign exertion ? Which of these two propositions is it that my right hon . friend intends to maintain ? I ask this question with the more earnestness , because throughout the whole of his speech , long , able , and eloquent as it was , I watched in vain for any sentence which distinctly expressed an opinion upon either of them . I did not hear him affirm that the currency was sound ; I did not hear him admit that it was depreciated ; he always stopped short of this affirmation and of this , admission ; and if any distinct proposition could be collected and embodied out of those topics with which he endeavoured to cover these simple questions , it seemed at most to amount to nothing more than this—that it was best to goon as we are , avoiding all inquiry on the subject . To that proposition ( if that be the proposition which my right hon . friend means to maintain ) —I answer , that it comes too late . The period for acting upon that policy passed by when the House consented to the appointment of the Bullion Committee . To the question , how shall our military exertions be best supported ? I reply—By supporting the credit of the country ; by ascertaining the soundness of our currency , if it be sound ; —by ascertaining the degree of its defect , if it be defective ; with a view in the one case to apply a remedy so far as a remedy may be applicable ; and it '' the other to fix and settle the public opinion , which of itself is no small ingredient in the financial resources of a state . I have no right , and certainly full as little desire , to impute to my right hon . friend that he is avowedly the advocate of a depreciated currency : but this debate would end most unsatisfactorily for the public as well as for the House , if it were to end without its being clearly understood on what precise grounds my right hon . friend thinks the present state of our currency such as it ought to be.—First whether he thinks it is not depreciated ; secondly , whether , admitting it to be depredated , he considers the depreciation as incurable , and therefore only would take no step to cure it ; or thirdly , whether he concurs with those who see in that depreciation a fertile source of wealth and blessings to the country ; —these , 1085 after all , are the points in dispute : —and these points my right hon . friend appears to me to have studiously avoided . Even in that part of his speech in which he approached the nearest to the question of depreciation , my right