he said , he did not conceive there was any necessary suspension of the regal functions . The foundation of this statement was the assurance of the physicians , that his Majesty was competent . Mr. Pitt , whose confidence in the existing government of that day , would not be suspected to be particularly marked , did on that occasion 74 most successfully contend against the opinions of the gentlemen opposite . He deprecated any unnecessary communication to parliament , because he considered ; that the practical result of such communication would be the unavoidable suspension of all public business then in progress in parliament He declared that the question ought to rest with the servants of the crown , and as they had the evidence of the physicians on the competence of his Majesty , that they were bound to make the communication when they thought it necessary . Mr. Grey afterwards came down and urged the subject . And lord Sidmouth then stated , that his report of his Majesty 's competency was founded , not on his own observation , but on the opinions of the physicians . Mr. Grey , upon this , said no more , than that if this state of things continued much longer , he should bring the subject before the House in a more regular form . Would this have been enough if it had been thought that the silence of ministers was so criminal as the hon . gent. , with no better evidence , now pronounced it to be ? With respect to what took place in 1801 , too , he must contend that parliament must have been aware of the nature of the King 's malady ; for lord Sidmouth , whom it was in contemplation to appoint to the situations of chancellor of the exchequer and first lord of the treasury , vacated his scat on the 12th of February upon the Children Hundreds , and returned to that House again , and was thanked as a private individual . It must have been , then , perfectly obvious that his Majesty was indisposed , and there could have been no doubt as to the nature of his malady . On the 27th of the month of February , in that year , while-the bulletins were in existence , Mr. Nicholis gave notice of a motion on the subject , which was received , however , with so much indignation , that it was got rid of without consulting the proposer . Such was the feeling of parliament on this subject , to which ministers naturally attended , in considering what was the line of their duty under such difficult circumstances . He had already stated , that no act of government had been done at the time of the indisposition in 1804 , till the 5th of March , when a bill passed relating to Crown Lands . The Chancellor wailed upon his Majesty on the 4th and 5th . It would be recollected that he was the 75 highest officer under the crown , peculiarly competent to judge in a case of this kind , and sworn to give honest and faithful counsel . The physicians were examined at that time , and told that it was intended to explain to his Majesty , and to discuss with him the subjects of several bills then ready to receive the royal assent . They said his Majesty was perfectly capable of doing this . The deliberate judgment of the Chancellor after two conversations , the one on the 4th of March , the other on the 5th , was , that the King was perfectly competent . On the 9th of March the royal assent was given by commission to several bills . One of these was the Mutiny Bill . Now , if his Majesty was thus competent , as upon the evidence of the physicians , as well as the judgment of the Chancellor , they had every reason to believe , what would have been the situation of ministers if they had suffered the Mutiny Act to expire ? They might