testimony of a similar advance in Prussia . Though these prices in Spain , France and Prussia , were calculated in silver , and though the value of silver in proportion to gold has been gradually decreasing , still the just inference to be drawn from , them is , that the real value of gold has fallen very considerably ; because the decrease in the value of silver as compared with gold throughout Europe , does not appear to be greater than in the proportion which 1–15 bears to 1–16 . There is some difficulty in accounting for this fall in the value of gold , because there is no evidence of the produce of the mines having of late been greater than usual . The only ostensible circumstance that has happened to account for it is the universal substitution throughout Europe of paper money for coin . This , probably , has produced a considerable effect in diminishing the demand for gold , and in sending , an unusual great quantity of it into the bullion market , because gold coin is that whose place is first supplied by paper The right hon . gent. , the Treasurer of the Navy , has computed the stock of gold coin of this country before the restriction of cash payments in 1797 , at 35 millions ; of these he says , there are not three remaining . Now as the whole annual supply of the gold , mines of all the world is only 2,215,283l . * , the addition of 32 millions of gold bullion from these countries only , to the ordinary and regular stock brought to market , must have produced a very considerable effect in lowering its value . It has appeared in the course of the debate ; that the Bank paper , in Austria amounts to eight millions sterling , and that of Paris to 4 millions : we have also been told , that the quantity of paper , circulating in Sweden , Denmark , Russia and Portugal * See Appx to Bullion Report . 1029 is so great , that it is at a discount of from 20 to 80 per cent ; from all which facts it is evident , that a new mine has been opened , a paper mine ; which , by so extensively supplying the place of gold , must have produced a considerable effect in lowering its real value . If , Sir , the facts and reasonings which I have advanced warrant this conclusion , I conceive I have established one of the greatest importance towards a correct decision of the question before us ; because the position on which pearly all the arguments that have been urged against the report of the Committee , both in pamphlets out of doors and speeches here , is an assumption that the price of gold has risen , and not merely risen but risen very excessively . I see the right hon . gent . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , does not allow the accuracy of my conclusion , that he seems to hold it very cheap ; he can not , however , overturn it by a mere expression of his disapprobation of it , because the argument is not a fanciful one of my own invention , but one drawn from the very highest authority upon the subject immediately under our consideration . When the right hon . gent shall favour the Committee with his sentiments on the motion before us , if the shall think proper to attempt to overturn the conclusion that I have come to , that gold has fallen in value , he certainly may be able to do so , but he will only be able so to do , by shewing that the facts which I have stated concerning the prices of corn are not correct ; because , in order to controvert the reasonings I have made use of upon them , he will have no less a task to perform than that of confuting the greater part of the ablest and most approved doctrines to