of that power so exercised , has so effectually contended , throughout the whole of his speech , that such a proposition can not , even by implication , be deduced from any part of the argument , still less be founded on any positive admission of the noble lord . On the contrary , the whole force and tenor of all his reasoning went directly to establish the very reverse of this admission , though from that modesty usually accompanying unassuming merit , he contented himself with stating the law of the case doubtingly . But every gentleman who heard him , must have evidently seen , that the impression upon his own mind was decidedly against the legality of this power , which legality the learned gentleman is pleased to state , as having been admitted by the noble lord . As , therefore , the noble lord 's argument was so clear and manifest , I did hope that the answer of the learned gentleman would have been equally clear and direct in combating it ; and that we should have been favoured with the reasoning of a legal mind , interesting at least from its ingenuity , even though it might not have proved satisfactory and conclusive . So far , however , from gratifying these expectations ; so far from meeting the case fairly and broadly , as laid down by the noble lord , both in law and in principle , the learned gentleman , either from misunderstanding or misconstruing the noble lord 's statement , has reduced this great question to a very narrow compass , and left wholly unanswered the constitutional part of the argument , as well as the strongest parts of the statement , more immediately directed against himself . Sir , the whole drift and undisguised design of the noble lord 's reasoning was to question that which the Attorney General presumes to have been admitted—namely , 583 the legality of his ill exercised power . The motion was brought forward with no other view than to expose , not merely the abuse of a power which might or might not be unconstitutional , but the existence of an illegal assumption of power , the evils of which had been aggravated by the lengths to which it had been carried , and the gross partiality with which it had been exercised : and yet the learned gent . has not scrupled , at the outset of his speech , confidently to assert , that the legality of Ex Officio Informations by Attornies General was assented to by the noble lord . But I maintain , and shall be corrected , if I am mistaken , that the whole tenor of the noble lord 's speech went to establish directly the reverse—a speech , from the soundness of its constitutional principles , from its strength of argument and fact , well deserving the serious attention of the public , and requiring a very different answer from that which it has received . The learned gent . appeared to be exceedingly angry at being suspected of being interested in his fees of office , though the noble lord had studiously disclaimed fixing upon him any such imputation ; and undoubtedly in his career of ambition the actual fees are but a very secondary consideration . But that we can , therefore , deduce the purity , the disinterestedness , and the absence of motives of filthy base lucre , or of improper bias on the mind of the Attorney-General , is a proposition too ridiculous for a moment to admit . Unquestionably , 6s . 8d . and 13s . 4d . fees are much beneath the notice of a gentleman looking to all the wealth and honour the crown has in its power to bestow . But how one can suppose the motives , instigated by filthy lucre , are weak in proportion as the temptation is strong , or that the bias arising from the hope of immeasurable gain should be less powerful than that arising from the comparatively trifling consideration of fees , is to me quite incomprehensible