equally biassed on this subject . The present First Lord of the Admiralty , ( Mr. Yorke ) found out , in the course of the last session , that the Press was intolerably licentious , and complained to this House of a placard reflecting upon him . In consequence of this complaint , the individual against whom it was brought ( Mr. Gale Jones ) suffered a confinement in Newgate for several months . When the right hon . gentleman brought the complaint forward , he stated that he felt nothing personal on the subject , but had been actuated solely by his regard for the credit and dignity of the House . In the first instance , I gave the right hon . gentleman credit for the assertion ; but I am free to confess , that since that time my belief has been greatly shaken . And the circumstance which led to that disbelief on my part , was , that those who felt so keenly the regard that was due to the credit and dignity of the House in one instance , have not felt it incumbent upon them to take the same steps to assert its dignity in other cases which appear to me still more glaring , not only when individuals , but when , large bodies of the members have been abused in the grossest and most indecent manner by those papers who support the cause of the present Ministers . The Morning Post , in its observations on the conduct of a Minority in opposing an adjournment , ( in which opposition I believe it will now be confessed that they were right ) abused in the grossest manner all the members who voted in that minority . It is as follows : With very few exceptions , there was displayed in both Houses , on this occasion , a most creditable and becoming sympathy , and the conduct of Lord Moira and Mr. Sheridan , who on all occasions of real national importance are ever actively to be found at their post , is entitled to our best commendations . In the House of Lords , notwithstanding some observations from Lords Grenville and Grey , to the justice or necessity of which we can by no means subscribe , the question of adjournment was carried 568 as we have already observed , nemine disstntiente ; nor would there have been any division in the Commons , where the Opposition were unwilling to expose the weakness of their numbers , had not Sir Francis Burdett , after some reprehensible and insidious insinuations , relative to the exercise of the Executive Power , entrapped Mr. Whitbread and some others , who to hide a still greater shame , and wear the semblance of consistency , found themselves compelled to vote with the mischievous Baronet . We are not , however , displeased at the patriotic expedient to which the worthy Sir Francis has thus had recourse , as it serves to shew how contemptible are the numbers of those whose nature is debased by the vile views of faction , and whose unmanly feelings and ungenerous hearts forbid as it were their sympathy , in a case , which to the everlasting honour of the country he it related , so deeply interests the best feelings , and fills with keen solicitude the fond bosoms of a people , who in duly appreciating his virtues , prove themselves deserving of the best Monarch that ever adorned a Throne . `` —Such language as this , Sir , is endured in the Morning Post , because that paper is in the habit of lending its support to Ministers , and no one of those members who , upon other occasions , have discovered such a lively regard for the credit and dignity of the House , considered this as a case deserving of their notice . For my own part , Sir , I do not feel at all hurt by such expressions of the Morning Post . Of me , that paper is at all times at liberty to speak in whatever way