, composed of a general who has out-generalled theirs , and troops by whom their troops have been subdued . As to the effect of this campaign on the enemy , what his feelings must be , after all his boasts and threats against the British army , may be easily conceived . What the effects may be internally on France , I will not pretend to predict . How far their discomfiture in Portugal may put an end to the delusion , that extent of dominion is extent of strength—how far it may open 771 the eyes of the French to the intolerable and disgraceful tyranny by which they are at present oppressed , future events will disclose . With regard to the rest of the world—to Europe it will be an useful lesson , pointing out the only road to security . I avoid saying any thing on the probable effect which our success may have in another part of the world , but I can not close my mind to the expectation of an impression being made by it in the highest degree favourable to the interests of this country . Sir , it was impossible to suppose that it could be the divine intention of Providence long to permit the continuance of that system of oppression and usurpation under which Europe has so long groaned . It may , perhaps , not be presumptuous in us to hope that we may be the instruments of delivering the world from its thraldom . It is not impossible in the dispensations of Providence , but that in that very peninsula in which the tyranny of France has been so cruelly manifested , she may receive her death-wound if not her grave.—But to revert to that which is our present business , namely , to give our thanks and applause to those who have put us in such a situation to talk this language . All we can do on this occasion is only the commencement of my lord Wellington 's glory . For , as long as a vestige of the present eventful times remain on record—as long as it shall be congenial to the heart of man to be gratified with military glory acquired not in ex tending the ambitious projects of a tyrant but in resisting tyranny and defending the oppressed—as long as execration shall follow the contemplation of violence and injustice—as long as praise shall be deemed due to the most zealous and patriotic exertions in a righteous cause—so long shall The character of lord Wellington be venerated by posterity , and be embalmed in The memory and gratitude of mankind . I move , Sir , '' That the Thanks of this , House be given to lieutenant-general lord viscount Wellington , for the consummate ability , fortitude , and perseverance , displayed by him in the command of the British and Portuguese forces , by which The kingdom of Portugal has been successfully defended , and the most signal and important services rendered to his King and country . '' Mr. Canning and lord Milton rose together , but Mr. Canning having first caught the Speaker 's eye lord milton gave way . then said , that , in rising to second the motion of his right hon . friend , he felt some difficulty in deciding whether he should content himself with merely seconding the motion , leaving to the House the impression which the speech of his right hon . friend had made , and which indeed the contemplation of the question was calculated to produce , or preface the declaration of such intention by the expression of his sentiment upon the subject to which the motion referred . In the situation in which he was placed , he felt it equally difficult to decide whether to speak , or to be silent . To speak , because he could but imperfectly echo the sentiments which the House had just heard , and in which all must concur ; to be silent , because strongly as he felt those sentiments in his own breast it was almost impossible to repress the