one of the burthens imposed on individuals by the system of British jurispru- 639 dence ; and none of us are quite so fond of our duties as we are of our rights . Indeed every man who has ever had the painful task of prosecuting , imposed upon him , must too well know , that it is not one of the pleasures of life . This is true , with reference even to the more opulent part of the community , and to those who may have leisure ; but with the lower orders , the sense of the evil is aggravated by the expence and loss of time , the removal from their families , and other inconveniences.—These very irksome and uneasy circumstances apply equally to witnesses . Indeed they apply also in great measure , even to the jurymen , and to all who either preside , assist , or in any way attend the administration of the laws . And yet my honourable and learned friend hopes to increase generally , throughout the community , the sum of human happiness by multiplying the causes by which happiness is destroyed . The object of the Bills of my honorable and learned friend is to encrease the security of property , by lessening the amount of depredation on property . But property itself is but one mean of happiness , and it is in vain we vender that mean of happiness more secure , if , by so doing , we subtract a greater amount of happiness in another place by the operation of other causes . I , however , distinctly deny that his Bills would have the effect of rendering property more secure ; for I am persuaded they would at once render property less secure , and men more miserable , —It should never be forgotten , that even a multitude of mild punishments might produce a greater sum of human suffering , and a greater diminution of human happiness , than a small number of severe punishments , without more effectually obtaining the end proposed , which end is the prevention of a species of action materially injurious to the community , and not an infliction upon the agent of so much Suffering , as a retribution of so much moral guilt . I am perfectly ready to admit that there may be prosecutors who decline to prosecute , and witnesses who keep out of the way from the motives assigned by those who support the Bill . We know that motives of this kind influence even large bodies of men , where external depredation is the subject matter of their reasonings , and not merely an internal depredator . * This may be an evil . * Alluding to the opinion of the Quakers as to war . 640 It is , however , far from so great a one as is imagined , and it is counterbalanced as the law now stands , by more than a commensurate good . For it does not follow , because our system is such , as to induce many not to prosecute , that property is therefore less secure than it would be under another system , which should induce every man to prosecute , who happened to be able to detect a depredator and to possess sufficientlegal evidence against him . Nor , Sir , do criminals reason or act in the manner which has been imagined . As the law now stands , the person who feels the disposition working in his mind to commit the crime , endeavours to calculate the extent of his danger . He finds his views very indistinct . He seems ignorant of the objects which surround him . He finds every where confusion , uncertainty , and obscurity . A kind of darkness seems to envelope him . The terror of the law swells in his imagination . The haze magnifies it . He can not measure its size or shape . When we know the extent of a danger , how much of our apprehension immediately disappears ? Let any man look into his own