supporting those opinions , I think it would rather be presumption in me to feel assured than to doubt on the subject ; nor am I convinced by the authorities quoted on the other side . There is Sir Bartholomew Shower 's argument which is 560 published in his works , and that is reckoned great authority in favour of this practice . Now , in the first place , I must observe on that , that it is at best but the argument of counsel , and an argument never used . Next I must notice , that this argument was drawn up in answer to objection urged against what ? Informations ex officio by the Attorney General ? No . The case for which this argument was proposed was the case of an Information , not at the uit of the crown but of an individual , for a trespass ; and accordingly the whole of the cases quoted in the argument are of the same nature . It contains a long and elaborate list of Informations , and carries them up to the time of Edward 3rd ; but out of all these cases I think there are but two , which appear to be at the suit of the crown ; one is in the time of Philip and Mary , and was an Information filed by the then Attorney General ( Griffin ) against Plowden and others , for absenting themselves from their duty in parliament . It certainly does not appear that the defendants ever objected to the mode of proceeding , and Mr. Plowden was himself a lawyer of eminence ; but I think that the case does not appear distinctly enough to build much upon it . The other is a more remarkable one ; it is that of an Information filed ex officio by the Attorney General in Charles the 1st 's time , in the King's-bench , against sir John Elliot , Mr. Hollis , and Mr. Valentine , for seditious words spoken in this House ; and yot it does not appear that they objected to the proceeding . This is assuredly a strong case , inasmuch as the Star-Chamber had been lately abolished ; and this proceeding by ex officio Information , had been one of the proceedings complained of in that court ; and in this case the defendants were sufficiently keen and eager to take advantage of any thing that might tell in their favour . But on the other hand it is to be observed , that they pleaded to the jurisdiction of the court altogether , and relied upon that plea ; and I think it by no means improbable , that they thought that it might in some degree tend to weaken that plea if they took the other objection . All the other cases , as I said before , mentioned in Shower 's argument , relate to Informations at the suit of individuals ; and it is evident from the decision of Lord Holt on the case , that the argument was meant to refer wholly to those of that description ; for he Jays it down ; that Informations can not be disputed , and 561 argues in favour of their existence from the end of the Act of the 18 of Henry 8 . Nor is it quite clear that that Act refers only to such Informations ; for it gives penalties , part to the King , part to the party , suing in any Court of Record , `` by '' bill , plaint , '' & c. wherein `` no essoin , '' wager of law , & c. is allowed , '' and wager of law never lay to the king 's suit . It is clear therefore that both the argument and the decision refer only to Informations at the suit of individuals . However , I said before that I did not dispute the legality of them in toto ; but simply the legality of such an use as has lately been made of them ; and here I have the authority of