a current value founded on the public confidence in the Bank , and this value I firmly believe , and have distinctly stated in my third proposition , that they possess as much as ever . Even in current coins , as I have shown , in the instance of the silver coins , the current value is by no means regulated by the intrinsic or metallic value , and this applies as much to the purchase of bullion as to any other transactions . And I contend that , for all legal and authorised transactions within the kingdom , even such purchases of bullion , Bank-notes are considered and accepted as equivalent to legal coin . My learned friend , indeed , denies them to be equivalent to coin in public estimation . Now , I should like to know in how many cases he has himself found them not equally available for all the purposes to which coin would have been applied ? But before I proceed in this discussion , I should be glad to put a question to an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Huskisson ) . a leading member of the Bullion Committee , who has written with great ability on this subject , and which , though a little irregular , he will , perhaps have the goodness to answer , as it may save much time , viz . in what sense the term depreciation , as used by the Committee , is to be understood ? For it appears to me , that , in this controversy , the word depreciation is used by those who assert its existence , in different and even incompatible senses . They sometimes appear to mean that Bank-notes have lost a part of their current value as compared with the legal coin which they represent ; and this is the obvious and popular meaning of the word , end the only one which is intelligible to the greater part of mankind . But sometimes the meaning seems to be , that Bank-notes , although passing current at an equal rate with the legal coin , have lost a part of their value as compared with all articles of purchase . I hope the hon . gent . will answer , that the word is to be understood in the latter sense , because he has told the public , `` that the value of the gold contained in a guinea , in its state of coin , and when used as currency , is only one twentieth more than that of a pound note * ; '' and if so , I shall not only * Question stated , p.39 . 928 think it less necessary to enter into a length of discussion , but , which is of much more consequence , I shall consider it as a very important point decided in favour of the public credit of the country . If the hon gent . can not be induced at present to give an answer to my question , I must trouble the Committee by arguing the case both ways . It can not , indeed , be expected that I should bring direct proof of the negative . It is for the Committee to prove the depreciation of our currency , in whichever way they choose it to be understood ; and if they mean it in the first and obvious sense , namely , that Bank notes are become of less value than legal money in ordinary transactions , it seems particularly reasonable to hold them to strict proof of the fact , because it is not only most important and alarming , but because , in the first instance , it strikes me as contrary to every day 's experience , and it seems to be a fact which , from its nature , can not be doubtful or concealed . When we are told that a Bank-note of one pound is only worth 17s. , it seems obvious to answer , that no man has ever hesitated to give us 20s . for it , either in