'' He answers , `` Unquestionably . '' `` What is the principle by which you 950 regulate the issue of your notes ? `` — '' We always keep assets enough in London , consisting of stock , Exchequer-bills , and other convertible property sufficient to pay the whole of our notes in circulation . '' `` Supposing that the amount of the notes of the Bank of England were to be materially diminished , is it your opinion that the notes of country banks would take their place ? —As a matter of opinion , I should imagine , that in those parts of England where Bank of England note '' circulate , if they were to be withdrawn , their places would be immediately filled up by the notes of country banks ; and I would illustrate this opinion , by the example of the county of Lancaster , where the notes of the Bank of England are the chief circulation for small payments . '' `` Is it your opinion that a country bank regulates its issues in proportion to it '' deposits of Bank of England notes or specie ? `` — '' We regulate ours by the assets we have in London ( as I have before stated ) to pay them , without much reference to the quantity of Bank of England notes or specie which we have , although we always keep a quantity of both of the latter in our coffers to pay occasional demands made in the country . '' Such is the evidence of Mr. Stuckey . But what is the conclusion drawn by the Committee ? No other than this— '' That so long as the cash payments of the Bank are suspended , the whole paper of the country bankers is a superstructure raised upon the foundation of the paper of the Bank of England . '' I proceed to the twelfth Resolution , and admit , as every one must , the general truth of the fact which it affirms , though I must observe , that the words , `` a considerable period of time , '' are too vague , and ought to be made more definite , if it could be proper to admit the Resolution . But forming a part of a series of propositions , such as we have before us , it is impossible for me to agree to it , and standing alone , it would be nugatory and Unmeaning , and therefore unfit to be placed upon the Journals . The thirteenth Resolution is really most extraordinary composition . Pressed by the force of undeniable facts , the learned gent . can not avoid admitting that `` the adverse circumstances of our trade , together with the large amount of our military expenditure abroad , may have contributed to render our exchanges with the continent of Europe unfavourable . '' 951 This concession to fact and common sense is indeed made with great caution and evident reluctance ; but it amounts very nearly to giving up the question . My thirteenth and fifteenth Propositions are little more than an expansion of this part of the Learned Chairman 's Resolution . Admitting , as he does , the effect upon the exchange , of the circumstances alluded to , by what scale can he measure the precise degree of their operation , or avoid agreeing with me , that they may have produced the whole of the depression we observe ? No , says the remaining part of the Resolution ; '' the extraordinary degree , in which the exchanges have been depressed for so long a period , has been in a great measure occasioned by the depreciation which has taken place in the relative value of the currency of this country , as compared with the money of foreign countries . '' Here then is a completely new sense given to the word depreciation . I have already troubled you , Sir ( I fear too long ) , on two kinds of depreciation ; a depreciation , compared with legal coin , and a depreciation compared