his Majesty . The Judge Advocate was also the adviser of the court . It happened in one instance within his knowledge , that there was an argument on a point at a Court Martial , between the Judge Advocate , who was the prosecutor , and the counsel for the prisoner , and the court being about to deliberate upon the point , strangers were ordered to withdraw , and the counsel for the prisoner was , of course , obliged to retire , whilst the Judge Advocate remained . He thought in such 368 cases it was scarcely possible for the Judge Advocate to do his duty . His object , therefore , was to propose that every warrant constituting a Court Martial , where there was no private prosecutor , should also appoint a prosecutor , distinct from the Judge Advocate . observed , that the practice generally was to appoint a prosecutor , if there was no private prosecutor , and that at all events the Judge Advocate had no right to vote at the court . He would , however , make inquiry , and consider the noble earl 's suggestion . then suggested the expediency of altering the clause respecting the period of bringing offences before Courts Martial . At present it stood that no Court Martial could be held respecting any offence which appeared to have been committed more than three years before . This time , he thought , was , in some instances , too long , and in others too short . He proposed to reduce it to a year , with respect to Courts Martial summoned by subordinate authorities ; that it should be three years with reference to Courts Martial directed by his Majesty , giving a larger period , extending to five years , in distant parts . promised to make inquiry , and to consider the suggestion by the next stage of the Bill . thought the period of a year would be in many cases too short , as evidence could not probably be obtained , particularly respecting matters of account , within the time . rose to propose a separate clause to the Bill , of the justice , policy , and propriety of which , he was confident that every noble lord must be sensible . The clause which he should have the honour of moving would go to rescue a very numerous class of men from the most despotic tyranny , the most desperate oppression which was ever attempted to be exercised over human beings . Their lordships must be aware of certain circumstances which , from their recent occurrence , it was unnecessary for him to state , which made the adoption of the clause he had in view , not only expedient , but absolutely necessary . Their lordships must bear in mind , that nearly the half of the British navy and army was composed of dissenters from the established church , that those dissenters amounted in number to four or five millions of persons , if not more ; and that the House must be sensi- 369 ble of the serious consequences that might ensue from any severe and unjust measure that should affect so large a class of the community . He would not now repeat the expressions and distinctions made use of in discussions of this topic by the Noble Secretary of State . It was his wish and intention to keep clear of every thing irritating and exasperating . It should , in his humble opinion , also be the wish and study of ministers to abstain from all measures of an irritating and exasperating nature , and it was with a view to afford them an opportunity of manifesting such a disposition that he should move the clause he had prepared . Could their lordships perceive any thing more cruelly tyrannical , more insultingly oppressive , than that a large class of men , the Roman Catholics , for instance , or any other description of dissenters , should be compelled to adopt a mode of worship of which they did not approve ,