race of old English merchants , who never could persuade themselves to go beyond their capital , was superseded by a set of mad and extravagant speculators , who never stopped so long as they could get credit ; and that persons of notoriously small capital had now eclipsed those of the greatest consequence ; so that speculations now took place even in the lowest article of commerce ? In this way had commerce become a sort of wholesale gambling , such as had never before been seen in this country . The state of our circulation was such as fully to justify these observations . In the present state of this country no good could be done by encouraging speculation . He wished that relief should be afforded to the manufacturers , but if any person could , on application , and giving personal security to the satisfaction of the commissioners , receive any part of the sum to be advanced , and , instead of applying it to relieve himself out of the particular embarrassment in which he is at present involved , engage it in general speculation , the only effect of the measure would be , to aggravate the evil which it was intended to remedy . Part of the sum so to be issued might even get into the hands of great speculators , who might use it for the purpose not of diminishing , but of increasing the risks to which they had been already exposed , in the hopes that they might thereby extricate themselves entirely . He saw nothing to secure us against overtrading , even with this sum so to be advanced , or that the relief would be actually given where it was due , and where it was really wanted . If so , the present measure would only go to add six millions to our circulation , and to raise the price of all our commodities . He wished his right hon . friend to consider if means might not be devised for confining the relief to those only who required it . If not , what security had we that a person obtaining part of this sum on credit might not employ it in speculating on the pubic 341 loan of the year ? At a period such as the present , when there were such fluctuations in the markets , if the distribution of this relief was not properly looked into , there would be found gentlemen who would avail themselves of the measure to ground on it new and more hazardous speculations . When individual confidence was at the height , that formed a ground for an increase of the circulating medium ; but when there was a glut of commodities in the market , such an increase was carefully to be guarded against . If not , we must goon from bad to worse , without ever getting at the root of the evil . Looking at the Report , therefore , he was at a loss to find what the parties meant by saying , that the country banks had no means of making any further advances to assist the manufacturers , as their property was already sunk in bad bills ; while the merchants and manufacturers had their property sunk in exports to South America , for which they had had no return . These seemed to him rather as arguments against the conclusions come to in the Report , than in support of them . He had thus thrown out what occurred to him as doubts on this important subject , hoping that they might be removed in the course of the discussions , which the measure would not fail necessarily to receive in its future stages through the House . stated , that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not recommended the proposed measure in a full confidence of its success ; all that he had urged was the probability of such relief affording a reasonable chance of recovery from the present embarrassments of the commercial classes . His hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson )