such a Parliament should be established here ? How could they be satisfied that their discussions would be confined to subjects purely relative to their own particular situation ? The Catholics , although not permitted to sit in that House , had many friends within those walls . Many of their advocates were among those most distinguished for talents and respectability . They were also supported by a large party of noblemen and gentlemen , who heretofore had assisted them in framing their petitions . With these advantages he thought it quite unnecessary to adopt any other mode for the attainment of the object of their wishes . He thought the Irish government were entitled to the thanks of the House and of the country for their conduct in the present instance . Had the measure taken been longer deferred , all efforts to avert the threatened evil would in all probability have proved vain , and a body of men might have assembled , who would have given law to the kingdom . observed , that the hon . baronet who had just sat down had said , the case was one which admitted of no delay , and that the government of Ireland was entitled to the thanks of the country for the measures which had been pursued . Now , if it was a case which admitted of no delay , how happened it that nothing had been done till the 12th of February ? The letter had been published in Ireland at about the middle of January , and much discussion had at that time taken place on the question , whether or not it would be best to withdraw that letter , and submit the subject to the aggregate meeting . That letter had been published in the newspapers . How then could it be unknown to the Irish government ? Was it not known that lord Castleross , son to lord Kenmare , bad come from a distant part of the country to sit as a member of that Committee ? With such information , how was it that the government of Ireland , having paused from the middle of January to the 12th of February , should at length issue such a circular order on its own responsibility ? How was it that the information received by government could be such that it ought not to be communicated to 36 The House , while it was of such a nature as to warrant so extraordinary a proceeding as that which had taken place ? The right hon . gent . had deprecated the tone in which Irish matters were discussed . On this subject he would say , as he had often said before , that those who were aggrieved had a right to complain ; and when a disposition was manifested , as at present , to oppress the people of Ireland by reviving obsolete laws to deprive them of their rights , it became those who considered themselves as the guardians of those rights to speak with warmth—and they were the best friends to this country who earliest called the attention of the House to their grievances , and pointed out the mismanagement of ministers . With respect to the duke of Richmond , he was in some instances entitled to much praise , yet had Ireland many insults to complain of . Was not the making of one learned gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) a right hon . gent. , immediately after he had been denouncing the whole body of the Catholics as traitors—the passing of an act to curtail the means of educating their clergy—the appointing an hon . gent . to a high ostensible situation , who was particularly obnoxious to the Catholic body , & c.—Were not these galling insults wantonly offered to the Catholics of Ireland ? As to what had been said of the system of toleration which was acted upon , and the conciliatory spirit evinced by ministers , he would say that , if seeking to act on such a principle , they must necessarily insult the Catholics , by placing in a