Bill being brought in . objected to the measure , as likely to throw additional expence on the candidates , whether voluntary or involuntary , who might hereafter be put in nomination . He knew not how far the principle might be extended , and thought it his duty to oppose it in the first in-stance . spoke in favour of the Bill.—Leave was given to bring in the Bill . said , his view of the measure was , that it would have the effect of causing less animal food to be produced than was raised at present , while we had no prospect of receiving a foreign supply . He hoped the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , would be cautious how he took any step which might , by possibility , tend to injure the agricultural interest . He thought he had not the best information on the subject ; and was of opinion the House-ought to . go into a committee on the question , to see if they could not devise some plan more likely to be beneficial and less dangerous than that which had been proposed . He concluded with moving , That the second reading should be postponed to that day six weeks , in order to give an opportunity for further consideration . said , that the effect of the measure would be to give the West India planters an advantage over the growers of foreign barley . The question was , whether 33s a quarter was a fair protecting price for the agriculturist or not . The English-distillers , it was true , were apprehensive that spirits would be brought from Scotland ; but he had reason to believe , that such , improvements had taken place in the revenue of that part of the United Kingdom , as would prevent any irregular or illegal proceedings . thought the Bill should go no further until enquiry had taken place . It had been said , that the measure was only temporary ; but that part of it was permanent which went to introduce sugar in competition with grain in the distillery ; and it was to that he had objected . The principle upon which government used to act was to give the corn grower a monopoly , with only one exception ; the exception was , when a scarcity was dreaded . The evidence before the House ' was altogether against the measure , for every one of the three committees appointed had expressed themselves unfavourable to it , and all persons connected with distilleries had remonstrated against its adoption . For these reasons he wished it should undergo the consideration of six weeks , before the scale was arranged , which was likely to produce so 688 great an effect upon the whole agriculture of the country . did not know what new evidence could be called before the Committee , and therefore could not accede to the proposition of delay . As to the measure , itself , he wished that no reference whatever had been made to the price of sugar , for there should be no such thing as balancing the colonial and agricultural interests . The agricultural interests should be maintained and preferred ; but if it was necessary to get a supply from some other quarter , he thought it not unreasonable that we should take from our colonies rather than our enemies . It had been said that they were now departing from the ancient policy of the country , which was to prevent sugar from coming into competition with grain ; but he would deny that that was the policy . There was nothing to prevent them from coming into competition before . He therefore should vote for the original motion . said , that if the agriculturists should possess the monopoly , they were bound , in consequence , to show that they were capable of completing the supply . So far , however , were they from manifesting that ability , that to the amount of 4,000,000 had been imported since 1772 , and of 7,000,000 in