took place before the breeches were wanted . The reason of this was , that they were contrived to coincide with the period when long furloughs were granted , and when therefore it was easier for the men to make up their daily allowances than at a time when they were with the regiment . Whether this practice was judicious or not , he would not now stop to inquire ; but at least it was not liable to the imputation of severity or oppression . He would further state , that in his opinion , when Curtis quitted the colonel 's room , he went away perfectly satisfied of his mistake with respect to the shoes , and satisfied also that an inquiry would be made as to the breeches . What was the issue of that inquiry ? That Curtis had antecedently gone to the paymaster , and obtained his own breeches ; that afterwards ( in ignorance of this circumstance ) , the whole had been drawn for , but that Curtis 's having before obtained his being found out a third pair was refused him . Curtis , however , wrote to the general of the district that the colonel did not chuse to redress him . Was this a true representation of the case ? This was on the 26th , and he had been with the colonel on the 25th . He knew that it was possible that a person might forget , on the 26th of a month , having seen another on the 25th of the same month ( Hear , hear ! ) He knew it was possible that a person might forget having had any conversation with another on the preceding day . ( Hear , hear ! ) But was it possible that this was the case with the man in question ? The court , who were the best judges , thought not . The hon . gent , how-ever , controverted the court 's decision . He declared , that in his opinion the evidence was not sufficient to convict Curtis on the particular charge preferred against him . In this observation the hon . gent . seemed to forget the comparative disadvantage under which he laboured : he collected his information from written evidence ; the court from parole evidence . The court were on their oaths ; the hon . gent , only dealt out most gratuitous assertions . Curtis was brought to a regimental court-martial for wearing brown cloaths , and for being absent more than a mile from his quarters ; an offence which he committed on leaving the colonel 's room on the 25th , The hon . gent , could * * * 95 not have been so long in the army without knowing , that for such an offence the colonel of a regiment might reduce a non-commissioned officer to the ranks without any trial at all . By a regimental court-martial , however this man was tried , and by that court-martial he was sentenced to be reduced to the ranks . He then denied the jurisdiction of the court , and demanded to be tried by a general court-martial . It was worth considering that this demand of Curtis 's , or this appeal , as the hon . gent , called it , was not an appeal which related in any way to the subject of clothing , but simply to the offence of having been absent from quarters . Subsequently to this period ( about the 4th of July ) charges were sent in to a general court-martial , and Curtis was brought before that court to be tried on them . It was true , as stated by the hon . gent , that Curtis ( and that in a manner not at all decorous or respectful ) expressed to the general court-martial a wish to be tried on his appeal from the judgment of the regimental court . The general court-martial , however , had not the power to try on any charges except on those upon which they were convened to determine .