instead of exporting their spirits . There were not spirits equal to two days distillation in the whole of that country ; so that these distillers had a sale for their spirits which amply indemnified them for the duties they paid . The duty was altered from 5s . 8d . to 2s . 6d . per gallon ; but they were not on that account entitled to a drawback of 3s . 2d . as they now claimed . The utmost they could claim , by his calculation , was 4½d . per gallon ; but he saw no reason for making any allowance whatever . If any drawback were to be allowed , it might with equal propriety be allowed to all the other holders and dealers in all foreign spirits , a thing which would be extremely impolitic . In looking into the Journals , he found five petitions presented upon this subject formerly , and after it was discussed they were rejected . It was indeed contrary to the practice of the right hon . gent . himself , when in 1795 he brought in a bill into the Irish parliament for encouraging the brewing of beer , by taking off the excise duties , but there was no drawback allowed for the stock on hand . Under all these circumstances , he considered that there was this solid objection to the motion ; that there was no document produced to shew that any investigation whatever was necessary . He thought such a question should go through a committee of the whole House , before such a motion could be made . thought that it was but 116 justice to allow a diminution of the duty upon the stock on hand , as well as that to be distilled . His complaint was , that there was no interval of time left for them to get rid of their stock . If there were only two days consumption of spirits in the country , there was surely the less difficulty in doing the necessary act of justice . As this was an age of precedents , they ought upon this occasion to follow that of the Tea Commutation Act , by which the duties were diminished , but a period of three months was allowed the dealers to dispose of their stock on hand ; and it was on that account that no allowance of drawback was given to them . If the distillers had no other mode of redress but by petition , it was leaving it in the power of any financial minister to withhold his consent , on account of his being the individual who imposed the hardship complained of . He therefore agreed in the propriety of the line that had been adopted by his right hon . friend , as the proposed address prayed for an investigation , and not merely that money should be paid them . said , that in his opinion there was no ground for compensation whatever ; for , in the first place , the distillers had proved no loss . These distillers had enjoyed a monopoly ; and it did not appear that they had not sold every gallon of their spirits as high as ever they could have done , had there been no alteration of the duty . had no doubt , that if the House agreed to the motion , they would be able to decide what was the amount of the loss these distillers had sustained . In 1783 , when the duties upon French wines were equalized , the holders of these wines had a drawback granted to them , and such ought to be their conduct in the present instance . He did think the matter ought to be investigated by the House , as many failures , he understood , had taken place in consequence of the losses they had sustained . repeated his objection to the mode of proceeding , as contrary to the established rule that had existed for a century . The identical case had already been submitted to the House in the form of