of weight was put completely out of circulation , it lost its character of coin , and thereby became bullion ; and then , for the reason he had just stated , it would acquire an additional value . Much had been said about the word `` standard , '' and some gentlemen on the other side had discovered a strong desire to be facetious upon the subject . Now , if he were asked what he understood by that word ? he should say , that he did not consider gold as a standard or silver as a standard ; but he understood gold and silver bound down by law to a particular and relative value with each other ; not gold alone , but gold tied down to a given relation to silver , which also made part of the general standard . And here he begged to make an observation or two with regard to the literal accuracy of the first proposition of the hon . gent . If the House were called upon to record a solemn statement of the law of the country , they ought , undoubtedly , to take care that that statement was accurate . Now , the assertion in the Resolution was not strictly true ; it asserted , `` That the only money which can be legally tendered in Great Britain , for any sum above 12d . in the whole , is made either of gold or silver ; and that the weight , standard , and denomination , at which any such money is authorised to pass current , is fixed , under his Majesty 's prerogative , `` according to law . '' This was not , strictly speaking , the law ; because silver to the amount of 25l . was a legal tender , though it was not of standard weight . Now , as 999 out of every 1,000 payments in this country did not exceed that sum , it would be most improper for parliament to record upon its Journals as a truth , a proposition which was erroneous in such an immense majority of cases . Gentlemen had talked about scales which regulated the silver and gold coin . But with regard to silver , there was no law which said that a shilling should not be current when it was under the standard weight ; on the contrary , up 1071 to the extent of 25l . it might by law be circulated , if not of standard weight . But there was another point to be observed with regard to silver . It was legal to tender , to any amount , shillings at 5s . 2d . an ounce , yet the price of silver in bullion was 5s . 11d . an ounce . He mentioned these as facts which certainly ought not to be lost sight of in the consideration of the present question . He knew how much the patience of the House was exhausted , and therefore he would confine himself as much as he could to the most important points of the case . The really important question , then , for parliament to determine was this , What ought they to do , what , under all the circumstances of the case , would it be wise and politic for them to do ? This at least was his view of the object to which their deliberations ought to be directed ; and he thought he acted with wisdom in referring to the conduct of our ancestors in circumstances which were considered to be similar to the present , as a guide for our conduct under all the difficulties of the country . He did not differ from those gentlemen who maintained , as an abstract proposition , that a diminution of Bank paper would have a tendency to diminish the balance of exchange ; it would probably produce that effect ; but it would be at the expence of the most dreadful calamities to the country . The case of the French Bank , at a former period , had been referred