so that no notice appeared to have been taken of the former paper for six weeks . But , according to the information which he possessed , the government of Ireland knew nothing of that paper till within a short period of the issuing the proclamation . Although the letter of the Catholic secretary bore date the 1st of January , he believed it was not circulated till a much later period , and therefore the observations on the conduct of the Irish government did not seem to be entitled to much consideration.—The hon . gent . had also mentioned , what he conceived an unfortunate coincidence in the appearance of the letter of the Irish secretary , at a time when the news of the Regent 's appointment had newly come to Ireland ; and he took from thence an occasion of paying a well-deserved compliment , as he believed , to his Royal Highness . Every man who wished well to the interests of the United Kingdom , ought to feel warmly for the interests of Ireland ; and the illustrious person at the head of the government must be supposed to feel for those interests more warmly than other individuals could be supposed to feel . The introduction , however , of every circumstance of this nature , must not only be considered peculiarly unfortunate at this time , but at all times . It was also to be deplored , that gentlemen , who , he believed , had the glory and prosperity of their country sincerely at heart , should so often indulge in a tone and temper calculated 25 to produce the greatest mischief that could possibly happen to Ireland . He did not , however , mean to say , that the hon . gent . who preceded him , was to be included in the description of gentlemen to whom this charge applied . rose and said , that he could not suffer this question to be decided without briefly delivering his sentiments upon it . The tranquillity and interests of Ireland were so intimately connected with the subject in discussion , that he could not reconcile it to himself to give a silent vote on this occasion . It appeared to him most clear that all questions connected with the state or interests of Ireland , were most materially important to Great Britain . The interests of the two countries were reciprocal . Great Britain could not exist without Ireland ; nor could Ireland exist without Great Britain . Fully convinced of this truth , he always felt disposed to discuss subjects of the present nature with that temper which had been recommended by the right hon . gent . On this principle it was , he stated , that in his opinion , the parliament of this country was called upon particularly to watch over the interests of the Irish Catholic ; because , having no representative in that House , he was a kind of minor , over whom that House was an honourable guardian . It appeared to him to be peculiarly necessary , that in every measure of the government , the utmost tenderness should be manifested towards the Irish Catholic , and that this idea should be constantly present in the minds of government—namely , that the Irish Catholic should be maintained in the possession of all the rights which the law had left him . If the legislature ( contrary to the opinion which it was well known he entertained on the subject ) determined not to give the Catholic the whole of his demands , at least it should be the care of the government not to perplex , diminish , or degrade the liberties and rights which he had obtained . He contended that it was a fundamental principle of British and imperial policy , that the communication between the Catholics of Ireland and the parliament should be free and unembarrassed . It was therefore that he condemned a measure which tended to obstruct that communication , by recurring to an act generated in spleen , and which , if not repealed ,