then he would be justified in acting . He however defied any person , even the right hon . gent . opposite , to prove them an illegal assembly , by any act they had performed . He knew not on what circumstance the Irish government relied , to make out the charge of illegality against them , and the House should be in possession of the most complete information before they sanctioned it.—There was another part of Mr . Pole 's letter , which directed the arrest of individuals , and ordered their commitment , unless bail was given . He had not made up his mind as to the legality of such a proceeding ; and he would ask , what had been done by those persons that could clearly decide whether their conduct was or was not illegal—and whether Mr . Pole was or was not justified ? They only asked for information to guide them on the subject . But the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , that if the extracts moved for were granted , they would not answer the end proposed . Now , he ( Mr. Ponsonby ) did not know that . And perhaps some parts of those extracts , which the right hon . gent . considered of no importance , might , on examination , appear to be worthy of particular attention . He had also stated , that when the business was fairly examined , the Irish government would be found , not only borne out in point of law , but decidedly supported on the ground of expediency . But when he made that assertion , did he bring forward documents to prove it ? He told the House that the Irish government were completely justified in what they had 55 done . But why did he not accompany that declaration with proofs of the fact ? No , the House were called upon to decide on the subject , with what had been already laid before them , coupled with the mere declaration of the minister . But he would not trust to the assertion of any minister , in the present alarming situation of Ireland . And if more information were not granted on the subject at some future period , the House must come to a decision on the conduct of the Irish government , with the little they had procured . It had been observed , that the manner in which the debate was conducted would be productive of mischief in Ireland . Before that was asserted , he wished the British part of the representation would pay more attention to the affairs of Ireland . It had been common to leave that important business to the hands of a very few Irish members , which he conceived was improper and unwise . It would afford a sensible pleasure to the Irish people , to behold the British members studying their interests ; and no act could ever make Ireland a contented country till her affairs were more particularly attended to . As long as the present system was persevered in , she must continue to be a source of jealousy , suspicion , and weakness . rose , in consequence of the notice which he had given a few days ago , to submit to the consideration of the House a matter which , he no doubt , would be regarded as highly interesting to the feelings , and of the greatest importance to the interests of that House , and of the country . This position , when he should state what he had to offer to the House , would not , he trusted , adroit of doubt or contradiction . When future historians , after the party heats and political animosities of recent times , have been consigned to that silent oblivion to which the animosities and feuds of former periods have been already consigned ; when these historians , removed from the period , and uninfluenced by the circumstances under which the events they will have to record have taken place , shall come