but because he thought it was highly important that they should possess a weight and respectability which such a provision alone could give them . was more strongly convinced than ever that his doubts on this subject were well founded , and that the measure would be highly injurious to the community . The present distress was of a complexion entirely different from that of 1793 . It arose from over-trading , which was not then the case . The probable termination of it was most uncertain . He had no doubt that when the time for the repayment of the loans advanced should arrive , the parties would come down to the House with an application for the extension of the period of payment , on the ground that the markets for their commodities were more firmly closed than ever . Thus they would be involved in still deeper ruin , having been tempted by the proposed measure to engage in additional speculations . The injustice of the assistance which the Bill went to afford , appeared to him to be manifest ; as he was persuaded that when the period of payment arrived , that period would be extended , and that this operation would be repeated until the whole sum originally advanced would ultimately be lost ; the consequence would be , that Parliament would visit on the public—on unoffending and innocent individuals—the errors of inordinate speculators , then informed the House that it was his intention to extend the advantages of the Bill to all places where the ware housing system was carried on . He also observed , that with a view to carry into effect what was evidently the intention of the antecedent Committee , namely , to allow the borrowers to have the benefit of the dividends before the payment of their instalments , he should propose that the payment take place 15 days later than the period recommended by the Committee , Instead , therefore , of the 15th or 16th of January , he should propose that the payment be made on the 1st of February . He proceeded to read the names of those whom it was his intention to propose as commissioners under the act 419 —He then adverted to the clause suggested by an hon . gent , by which the commissioners should be precluded from participating in the benefits of the act ; and observed , that after the selection of the persons whom he had named , it was not likely that the necessity of such a clause should occur to him . Although he did not mean to propose such a clause , yet , if the hon . gent , thought it would be more creditable to the commissioners that a provision of that nature should exist in the Bill , and would propose it , he should have no hesitation in acceding to the proposition . He then moved to fill up the blanks in the manner which he described . was very willing that the manufacturers should be assisted , but conceived that the proposition of the right hon . gent would give too extensive facilities to speculation . He was anxious that the advantages of the Bill should be confined to the manufacturing interest ; and if he could frame a clause to that effect , he should certainly submit it to the Committee . , if the right hon . gent . were to propose such a clause , would certainly oppose it . The object of granting relief to the manufacturer would not be obtained , unless the means were afforded to the merchant of discharging his debt to the manufacturer ; `` or would the proposed measure benefit those who had inordinately speculated . No man would be relieved by it , who could not shew by the deposit of the articles , on the security of which the loan was to be advanced , that he had been successful in his speculation . contended that in many cases when the merchant obtained a loan , he would employ but a small part of it in the payment