. He reminded the right hon . gent . that he had disclaimed any such intention ; but speaking of the events of the campaign , it was as impossible to avoid mentioning the commander in chief , as it would be to perform the tragedy of Hamlet , omitting the character of prince Hamlet , or to represent Cato , leaving out the most important character , Cato himfelf . rose and said , Sir , had not I conceived it to be generally felt and understood on all sides of the House , that this was not the fit opportunity for going into the discussion of the character and merits of the late campaign , I should have offered myself to the attention of the House at a much earlier hour . But , although what I still conceive to be the prevalent understanding on this subject , will operate to prevent me from going into any detail upon it , at the present moment , yet after what has fallen from the hon . general opposite ( general Tarleton ) in his last speech respecting the state of the war in the peninsula , I should consider it an abandonment of my duty , and should reproach myself for having acted an unworthy part , if I were to omit to state shortly the opinions which I entertain upon that most interesting and important question . The share which I personally had in originating those measures which have committed this country in the peninsula against France , renders it necessary for me , as well in vindication of my own conduct , as in justice to the principles by which the present ministers have proved themselves to be still actuated in the maintenance of the contest , to express my unaltered approbation of the system which they have continued to pursue . When 225 ever the arduous contest shall have been decided , whether it terminate adversely or triumphantly for the allied arms , I can not but consider myself as deeply implicated in the issue , and I the rather take this occasion of putting in my claim to answer to this House and to my country for the part I have had in this system of measures , while the result is yet unascertained : because if that result shall be , as I trust it will be , honourable and successful , I should appear after the event , to be claiming a participation of the credit to be derived from success , without having fairly exposed myself to a share of the blame which may be attached to failure . As to the general policy of maintaining the contest in the peninsula , it is , in my opinion , not only true courage but true wisdom in Great Britain to avail herself of all means and opportunities of encountering the enemy , which may defer to the last the occasion , if that occasion is to arrrive , at which , we shall have to fight the battle upon our own shores . In this view , I must contend that the operations of the campaign , even if considered as merely respecting the war in the peninsula have been eminently advantageous . The enemy has at least been kept in check ; and we have not only been gaining time , which , in a war of such a character as this , is no small gain of itself , time for the working of chance in our favour , but our military means and the military discipline and efficiency of our allies have been greatly augmented . The period of our final and separate struggle is deferred : and the probabilities of success in it , are multiplied in our favour . This at least is the fruit of the campaign . In drawing his picture of the operations , which have taken place from the commencement of the peninsula war to the present moment , the hon . general thinks he has said every thing , when he has declared , that those operations commenced near Madrid and have