gentleman , I am able to refer the Committee to the work of lord Liverpool for evidence of the authority of this author , who says , when comparing his opinion with that of Mr. Locke , respecting the standard of money , that the practice of all governments in every age has coincided with the opinion of Mr. Harris.—This author says , `` In all countries , there is established a certain standard , both as to fineness and weight , of the several species of their coins . In England , the silver monies are to contain 111 parts of fine silver , and 9 parts alloy ; and 62 of those coins called shillings , are to weigh a pound troy : That is , the pound troy with us , contains 11 ounces , 2 penny weights of fine silver , and 18 penny weights of alloy ; and of a pound troy , of this standard silver ; our money pound called the pound sterling , contains 20/62 parts , or the pound sterling is 20/62 of 111/12 of a pound troy of fine silver . And this standard hath continued with us invariably , ever since the 43d year of the reign of queen Elizabeth . The standard of our present gold coins , is 11 parts of fine gold , and I part of alloy ; and 44½ guineas are cut out of a poundtroy ; so that a guinea is =1/44½ of 11 ounces of fine gold . `` * Under the head of `` The standard of money farther explained , '' he says ; `` It is carefully to be observed , that by the standard of money , is always meant the quantity of pure or fine metal contained in a given sum , and not merely the degree of purity or fineness of that metal , but the fineness and gross weight are both included . Thus , the standard of a pound sterling is 3 oz . 11 dwts . 14 22/31 grains troy of fine silver , which is equal to 3 oz . 17 dwts . 10⅔ grains of silver 11 oz . 2 dwts . fine , which is our standard of fineness . The standard of a shilling is 73 29/31 grains troy of fine silver , or 80 28/31 grains of silver 111/12 fine . The standard of our money , strictly speaking , remains the same so long as there is the same quantity of pure silver in the respective coins having the old or given denominations , though the coins may be varied by making them either of finer silver and lighter , or of coarser silver and heavier . But such de- * part 1. p.53 . 1032 viations from the old method of coining would be imprudent , as it might create suspicion of some unfair dealings , and would answer no good purpose . On the other hand , the standard may be debased or lowered either by coining the several species lighter but of the old fineness , or by retaining the old weights and making them of coarser silver , or without altering the respective coins by making a smaller number of them go to the pound sterling , which is our unit or money standard . And by debasing the standard , I everywhere mean the lessening of the quantity of pure silver in the pound sterling , or in the respective specie which by law is ordained to make up that sum , without regarding the particular manner in or by which they may be done . * '' He gives the following definition of the pound sterling : `` In England , accounts are kept or reckoned by the pound sterling ; which , as hath been before observed , is a certain quantity of fine silver , appointed by law for a standard . It is according to this standard that the public revenues are established , lands are let , salaries , stipends and wages settled , and universally all sorts of contracts both public and private are made and