much less as rash and dangerous . When he applied the term slovenly to , the letter of Mr . Pole , he by no means intended to impute any blame to that gentleman . The fault was not with him . Perhaps a little more care and caution in the drawing of it up might have removed all room for cavil ; at least it might have saved many of the observations which had protracted unnecessarily the present discussion . He thought it would be , therefore , going a great deal too far , to accede to the motion . was willing to acknowledge the candour and the fairness with which the noble and learned lord had spoken of Mr. Secretary Pole 's Letter , but he could not concur in the inferences which that noble and learned lord had drawn from the statement laid down by him . He should not now go into any detail of the arguments which might be urged on the present occasion . He would content himself with asking whether , by the mere act of being present at such an assembly , without voting , or otherwise concurring in the business of such a meeting , could subject a person to the penalties of the act ? The noble and learned lord would not surely state the affirmative . Yet , by virtue of Mr . Pole 's Letter , any man , merely for the crime of simply being present at such an assembly , was liable to be arrested and imprisoned . Their lordships would no doubt feel themselves bound to record on their Journals their marked disapprobation of such an interpretation of the law , and of the dangerous measure which had been grounded on it . He could not help considering such a stretch of power resorted to in Ireland , as a fresh proof of a disposition hostile to every measure and demonstration of conciliation towards that country . When duly considered , how monstrous must it not appear ! What , make three millions of our fellow subjects liable to be arrested and imprisoned at the will of a Secretary of the government ! How would such a doctrine sound in the ears of Englishmen ? How would they relish such a practice ? What clamours would be raised in England , if not three million , but three hundred , nay , if thirty persons were to be so arrested , and thrown into prison ; such was the difference of opinion between the 699 inhabitants of these two parts of the empire—such the different temper of the law as administered respecting them ! He should therefore support the motion of the noble earl . thought that Mr . Pole had been dealt rather harshly by during the course of the debate . He was , however , confident that no measure had been adopted by that gentleman , nor the letter in question written by him , without the advice and approbation of the law officers of Ireland . It was therefore hard to impute to him only , whatever blame might be thought to attach to the letter , though , no doubt , Mr . Pole must take his due share of responsibility for the measure . As to the intention of the Convention Act , he would confidently say , that it was not levelled against the body of the Roman Catholics , but was passed at the close of a session , and chiefly directed against the meetings of the United Irishmen , from which improper proceedings were to be apprehended at that time . disclaimed any intention of treating Mr . Pole with harshness or disrespect . There would be an end to all responsibility , and parliament itself would be completely useless , if no responsibility were to attach to a person for any measure which even bore his signature , and thus openly avowed the approbation and sanction of such measure by the person who adopted it . declared himself to the same effect . again explained , and said , that surely nothing could be