not price which limits the quantity of our exports ; it is the risk and difficulty of introducing 999 them into the continent , where they sell at an advance of more than 100 per cent . What then must be the result ? either that our imports must be reduced , or the precious metals be sent out as that export which can most easily find its way to the continent . Is it not obvious that this must drain the country of its bullion ; that , in proportion as the stock in hand ( a very inadequate resource , even including the fraudulent aid of our coin ) diminishes , the price must increase—and to what extent ? I can assign no other limits than the premium a rich and powerful country will pay rather than be denied the means of luxurious enjoyment , or the means of assailing the enemy , and of defending itself . If , as a nation , we are content to pay 25 percent , rather than be deprived of the wines and brandies of the continent , or be restricted in the quantity of naval stores we require for both our public and private demands ; or abandon the cause of our allies , and our own on the field ; is it difficult to understand why the price of bullion rises , without referring it to a fall in the value of Bank notes ? And , if the rise is such as the exchange now indicates , is it not certain that the coin will be melted and exported ? The result seems to be , that , although in ordinary times—time even of war , your gold coin , protected by laws , the efficacy of which is now wholly incompetent to struggle against the existing temptations , may maintain itself in circulation , and the banking system of the country proceed in its accustomed course , subject only to those slighter checks , which never can justify recourse being had to a bill prohibiting the Bank from issuing coin ; yet that , in other times , and especially such as we live in , we have no option , but to counteract the system of the enemy by one of corresponding energy . If you do not , the Bank must either shut up , or contract its issues to such an extent as to give an artificial value to the paper currency , from its scarcity , equivalent to the advance of price on gold . This may check the gold from going out of the kingdom , but at what sacrifice ? at the risk of that convulsion to which , lowering suddenly , the value of all property within the country , to an equal amount , must necessarily lead . The Committee have laid it down that the Bank ought to be guided in the amount of their issues by the state of the exchanges and the price of gold : this must mean that they are to counteract 1000 the influence of the exchange by this means , and to keep our currency , as it is said , upon a level in value with the currency of the states of the continent . If this is to be done , the quantity of circulating medium is not to depend on the internal wants of the country ; it is not to be kept up to its accustomed amount , with such additions , from time to time , as the augmented extent of our transactions may require : but it is to be regulated with reference to our external intercourse , and to exchanges influenced by the power of the enemy . If such a principle were acquiesced in , I apprehend the controul of our circulating medium would at once be surrendered to the enemy . Could you hold out a more powerful motive , to the ruler of France , to multiply his restrictive efforts against our trade , than to suffer him to suppose that he possessed a decisive influence over our internal currency , as