. He was for passing the Resolutions of fact , and then al lowing the matter to lie over till next session , that they might see whether a body , in whose honour the House and the country ought to have the fullest reliance , 1155 nd who best knew in what manner the etrograde motion might most easily be accomplished ; the Bank Directors , might not themselves take some preliminary measure towards a remedy for the evil . If they did so , then the House would be relieved from any farther interference ; if they did not , then it would be the incumbent duty of the House to take such steps as should arrest the evil , while it was capable of being arrested . as he had been a member of the Bullion Committee , was desirous of briefly troubling the present Committee , lest he should be supposed to have concurred in the recommendation of measures , which , in his opinion , would , if adopted , prove highly injurious to the country . In the whole course of his experience , he had never known a report which differed so much from the evidence of those who were examined by the Committee from which it proceeded . He distinctly denied that , considered with respect to domestic purposes , paper had experienced any depreciation , although he admitted that , with respect to our foreign relations , it had done so . He denied also , that the unfavourable state of the exchanges was attributable to the over-issue of bank notes , and referred to a paper in the Report in order to shew , that at former periods the exchanges had net been operated upon by that cause . The fact was , that the balance of payments , which was considerably against Great Britain , was the real cause of the unfavourable state of the exchange . We could not , as in ordinary times , force our exports , and set the exchange right in that way . As to the remedy of the evil , he thought it would fee most unwise to declare that the restriction should cease at any given period ; because , when that period came , it might be found impolitic or impracticable to terminate it . The despondency of those who thought differently from him on the subject , reminded him of an expression used by the late Mr. Fox in 1797 , when the Restriction Bill passed . Mr. Fox then said , `` that he must be a very sanguine mart indeed who did not believe that public credit would be ruined if the Bill continued in force six or eight months . '' A similar result would , he was persuaded , attend the predictions of the hon . gentlemen who anticipated such evil consequences from the present system . observed , that after the length to which the discussion had 1156 gone , and the nugatory result to which it was likely to lead , he would not have risen , had it not been , that the subject appeared to him to require attention in one or two points of view , in which it had as yet not been considered . He really thought , that , after what had been said by the hon . gent . ( Mr. D. Giddy ) who had spoke last but one , they had at least got the length of being convinced that two and two made four ; and that the exchange against a country could not for any long time fall beyond the charge of transporting the precious metals . In a proposition so simple , he thought that gentlemen on all sides should have been agreed . But from what had been said by the hon . member who spoke last , he found that this was by no means the case : for , according to that hon . gentleman 's view of the question , they not only were at issue upon the general result , but as far as ever from