it was impossible for it to have been argued between that time and this , there having been no opportunity since ; the one term being ended when the question was put , and the next not begun when the subject was again brought forward . He was not aware the prosecution had been dropped , and expected the point reserved Would be argued In the ensuing term . White on his legs , the House would perhaps allow him to reply to a charge preferred against him some time before by the noble lord , for dropping a prosecution against a Mr. Collier for printing a libel . He had now the satisfaction of saying—satisfaction for himself , as it enabled him to repel the charge—that he had heard the next day , that Mr. Collier had been tried at Lancashire and convicted . observed that the statement of the learned gent was irrelevant ; and was proceeding to offer Some farther remarks , when spoke to order . He was surprised to hear the noble lord complain that the statement of 725 his learned friend was irrelevant , when the whole of what had fallen from him was completely so , and when he was proceeding to speak a second time , though he had no right to a reply . insisted that his con duct was perfectly regular . remarked that the noble lord had a right to ask a question , but not to make a second speech . said he had a right now to say what the right hon . gent . had refused to let him say before on the former question . requested the noble lord to sit down . It was not regular for a member so to rise . The House was to decide , whether or not its laws should be neglected . thought it was not the law of the House , it at least had been the practice , as he had instanced on one or two occasions . He gave it as his opinion , that the noble lord was entitled to suck an indulgence from the practice of the House . He meant no disrespect to the Speaker , but left it to him and to the House to decide . replied , the rule of the House was one thing ; its indulgence another . If it was their pleasure , they could then indulge the noble lord . In some instances such , indulgence might be more inconvenient than at others . would be very sorry the noble lord should be refused an opportunity of replying to any thing he had said . did not intend to detain the House , The Attorney general had said , that he had charged him with having dropped the prosecution instituted against Mr. Collier , and had seemed to triumph over him on the occasion . The noble lord denied ever having preferred such a charge . assured the noble lord , that if , on a former occasion , he ( Lord F , ) had corrected the misapprehension on his part , he ( the Attorney General ) Would not have brought forward the subject on the present occasion ; but as he did not correct him when he mentioned the circumstance before , he had no idea that he had misunderstood the noble lord . stated , that having understood , that his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Abercromby ) had given a notice in his , absence of his intention on that day to fix the period and declare the mode in which ; he proposed to bring forward this discussion , he now rose to state what appeared , to him to be the most expedient course of proceeding . In the first place , as to the mode , it had been his earlier intention to move for leave to bring in a bill for , the repeal of the Bank Restriction Act . He found since , on consulting with some gentlemen , to whose experience of parliamentary business he was bound to pay the greatest deference