a temporary measure . Our commercial distress can not be imputed to the stoppage of payments in cash 894 at the Bank , as proofs of our rapidly increasing prosperity during the first twelve years of that suspension have been annually laid before Parliament , and through that channel have been made public . Our commerce did not suffer till measures were adopted by the inveterate enemy of this nation , such as were never practised before in any civilized country on earth . How long the nations of Europe will endure the tyranny under which they are suffering , still more severely than our commerce does , it is very difficult to calculate : the violence , as well as the injustice of . it , with the extent of the misery inflicted upon the inhabitants , may induce them so far to burst from their chains , as to open channels of trade to satisfy wants of the most urgent nature . If I have shewn satisfactorily to the Committee , that the Report is not only full of errors , but is contrary to the whole of the evidence , with the exceptions before alluded to , which exceptions , if attended to , strengthen the case against the Report ; that the Bank , with the best inclination to procure gold , could by no possibility obtain it ; and that , if they could procure a large supply , the public could not derive the most trifling advantage or accommodation from it , unless the price could be reduced ; I may venture to hope that the learned gent . will not prevail with this Committee to concur with him in the resolutions he has proposed , to compel the Bank to pay in cash at a stated period , even if he shall be disposed ' to make that a later one than eighteen months . No one can be more disposed to give the members of the former Committee the fullest credit for the purity of their intentions than myself ; they are well entitled to the most favourable construction of their motives ; but , carried away by opinions previously formed , they seem not to have been aware of the effects likely to flow from an adoption of their opinions . I feel this most strongly , and am persuaded the worst enemy of this country could not propose a measure more likely to be injurious to its best interests in a commercial view , than that which is now under our consideration . Gamier , a minister of Buonaparté , was the first who held out an expectation of the depreciation of Bank-notes : and every other minister since him has invariably dwelt upon the ruin in which this country must be involved by our Bank paper losing its 895 credit : I trust we shall not be instrumental in aiding their speculation . It is now thirteen years since I ventured to represent `` that on Great Britain rested the hopes of returning happiness , independence and security among nations ; —that she was the bulwark against the flood which threatened to overwhelm the world . '' That bulwark , God be praised has stood firm ; —my anxious hope is that it may not be shaken ; and my earnest intreaty to the Committee is , that whatever injury it may suffer , may not be the work of our own hands . said , that however ably , as well as fully , the learned gent . who opened this discussion , had treated the subject , he conceived that there were some important points which required amplification ; and he should prefer entering on these , to the examination of those numerous and smaller questions respecting the accuracy of the report of the Bullion Committee , on which the right hon . gent . who preceded him had principally dwelt . A time would come , when the respective merits of the several propositions intended to be submitted by different members would be brought into minute discussion , and an answer to the right hon .