his motion , and having made his protest against the principle , he might oppose it in a future stage . was convinced of the purity and justice of the noble earl 's disposition , which had led him so often to bring this matter before the House . He meant no sort of incivility to that noble earl , for whom he had so much respect , and he might say friendship ; but he must repeat , that all his experience and observation convinced him of the impropriety of passing such a Bill . The clause by which six months ' imprisonment might free the debtor from his obligations was particularly obnoxious . He , therefore , using a common phrase , would only say , that he had nothing farther to add ; but that he now wished to wash his hands of the business . His own time and attention I would , perhaps , be better directed to the 1173 discharge of his various duties in another place . As for the Report of the Committee on the Journals , he knew very little of it , and he believed that to be the case with many other noble lords . He concluded by observing , that with respect to the tendency of that document , his noble friend might have the consolation offered to a person , who expressed in his latter days some apprehension lest his writings should do injury to posterity , when the friend of that person bid him be easy on that subject , for nobody had ever read them . It was then ordered that the motion be withdrawn , and the House went into a Committee . said , he did not approve of the present Bill , though he approved of the principle en which it was founded . The noble earl then suggested several amendments to the Bill , particularly one altering the time of confinement . opposed this Amendment , as being contrary to the general intention of the measure . observed , he should not divide the House , because it would inform the public of their empty benches . Indeed , the House was so thin that he should not press his Amendment ; but there was great defect in the machinery of this Bill , and the expenses were so great that it appeared to him like an oyster when it was opened ; for the lawyer would eat the inside himself , and one of the shells would be left for the debtor and the other for the creditor . The noble earl , after suggesting some other defects , said , he should leave the Bill in the hands of the noble and learned lord , who might cook it as he pleased , but if he did not admit some alterations , it would not be cooked at all to his taste . suggested the propriety of avoiding debate , and for the present to let the Bill proceed through the Committee . said there was one defect—it did not punish the parsons—the parsons would by this Bill be freed from the confinement imposed upon others . The Bill then passed through the Committee . intimated the difficulty of the present Bill passing into a law and as there was an expectation justly entertained by debtors , he recommended the propriety of introducing a common Insolvent Debtors ' Bill . said , it would depend how the House disposed of the present Bill ; but he could assure the noble lord , there was not that difficulty of execution apprehended ; and it would operate as a Bill of Insolvency , for most of its provisions were exactly similar to those of the last Insolvent Debtors ' Bill . said , he supposed he had sufficiently explained in his notice of yesterday the object of his present motion , which was to provide a substitute for the duties in the Distillation Bill , that lately failed in the other House . He had to propose that a duty should be imposed on spirits distilled from grain , equal to