In the first place , the ordinary recruiting ; the produce of which , however , must be confined within certain limits ; for when the price of labour , which our extended agriculture , manufactures , and commerce occasioned . was considered , it was not to be expected that many would anticipate , in the profession of a soldier , such paramount advantages as would induce them to quit the peaceful occupations of civil life . He would state the probable produce of the ordinary recruiting , therefore , as low as 11,0 men . It was true , that in the year 1810 , the returns amounted only to between 9 and 10,000 men ; this was in a great measure to be attributed to the obstacles 194 which the regular recruiting had to encounter last year from the ballot for the militia in the latter part of the year , and from the expectation of the ballot in the former part of it . In some years the produce of the ordinary recruiting had been as high as 19,000 men ; but in the present state and circumstances of the country , he would not feel justified in calculating upon so large a result . From the foreign recruiting , taking the average of the last two years , it was fair to expect 4 or 5,000 men , making with the regular recruiting altogether about 16,000 men , which , it was likely , would be obtained by voluntary inlistment . To devise some mode of supplying the deficiency between that number and the number of casualties , was the province of government . It had occurred to them , that it would be advisable to recur to the means which experience had shewn to be so successful , namely , to allow a certain portion of the militia to volunteer into the line . The militia establishment was 92,000 men , of which the effectives might be considered to be 84,000 , added to which there was due by ballot 5 or 6,000 men . Considering , on the one hand , the amount of the regular force which under any circumstance would be kept in this country , and on the other , the great security to the country arising from the local militia , which was every year increasing in discipline , it might be stated , without fear of contradiction , that the present establishment of the regular militia was greater than the national defence required . It was proposed to reduce it to the old establishment , namely , 70,000 for the two islands ; and for this purpose to allow a number , not exceeding 10,000 , to volunteer into the line . Tins measure was the less objectionable , as from the effective state of the militia , a new ballot would not be necessary until the end of the year 1812 . His lordship expressed his persuasion that when parliament reflected on the number of men which had already been raised in this manner , they would be of opinion , with his Majesty 's government , that it was the best method which could be adopted to meet the casualties , and the least likely to interfere with the ordinary recruiting . On the resumption of the House , it was his intention to move for leave to bring in a bill for this purpose . If leave were granted him , he should , after it had been read a first time , move that it be printed , in order to give ample 195 opportunity for discussing the various provisions which it would contain . His lordship concluded by moving the first resolution . rose and spoke as follows : Mr. Lushington , I return my thanks to the noble lord , for the clear manner in which he has stated the Estimates of the current year ; but , although they contain circumstances of great moment , I shall call the immediate attention of the committee to a subject , growing out of this branch of the public service , which I consider