, or to what decision they should come ; but he had laid before them the materials on which to judge , and having so done , he should give , he hoped , a fair and dispassionate vote . notwithstanding the very able and convincing speech of the noble lord , felt it a duty to himself , implicated as he was by the charge of the hon . gent . 77 up to the time of the change of lord Sid-mouth 's administration , to say a few words on the subject . In the first place , he entirely agreed with the noble lord , that the noble lord and himself , and all the confidential servants of the crown of that day , were equally responsible for the act charged by the hon . gent . as criminal ; for although it might be true that lord Eldon , or lord Sidmouth , by virtue of their office , might go to his Majesty when the other members of the cabinet were excluded , yet the act alluded to was not done without a full communication with all the confidential servants of the crown , and without their unanimous concurrence as to its strict propriety . The noble lord 's account of the facts was perfectly accurate . His own recollection had been aided by a reference to memoranda similar to those referred to by the noble lord , and he had no hesitation in saying , not only that the course adopted in 1804 was justifiable , but that , if it had been abstained from , the government would have proved them- . selves not only deeply criminal , but wholly unfit to retain their situations . He had listened with the utmost attention to the hon . gent . who had made a distinct charge against lord Eldon by name , and an indirect charge against all the other members of the cabinet in 1804 , to hear what kind of a prima facie case he would make out ; and he confessed he was astonished to find , that at a distance of seven years from the transaction , the hon . gent . had not been able to adduce a single new fact . He defied any one to say that there was a single circumstance stated by the hon . gent . which was not generally known in 1804 If , therefore , the hon . gent . was doing his duty in bringing forward this subject , he was at a loss to account why he should produce a charge at so great a distance of time in preference to the period in which it took place , and when it was recent in the memory of every man . He thought that this being a charge to which a certain degree of criminality attached , after so long a period had been suffered to pass away , some facts should be produced , which would shew , or tend to shew , that certain circumstances of an underhand or suspicious nature had taken place , and through the interest and influence of his Majesty 's ministers had been acted upon . Why did not the hon . gent . bring forward this charge on the evidence of Dr. Heberden , before the Committee of the House of Commons ? The reason seemed 78 to be , because that physician 's evidence on the cross examination produced many answers which were illustrative of his whole opinion , and explained the different periods between the 12th of February and the 25d of April , when his Majesty was so far better , as to be capable of transacting business to a certain degree . The hon . gent . had not , therefore , acted fairly or candidly , either by the House or by ministers , in giving the preference to Dr. Heberden 's examination before the House of Lords . The evidence taken before the Committee of the House of Commons , was what the hon . gent . should have referred to . And what was that