all in public estimation , it must be by a support growing out of terror , by 977 an estimation proceeding at that moment from a consideration of a pending judgment . If this were once settled , public estimation would soon shew what it really was . In every part of the country , there were already two prices . ( No , no , from different parts of the House . ) Mr. Huskisson stated , that he had undoubted proof of the fact . He had in his pocket a , letter , printed and addressed to Members of Parliament , by a person intimately acquainted with those matters ; and that letter stated , that two prices were prevalent in the country , and that the usual premium for guineas was half a crown . But was it not undeniable , that in Ireland , there were clauses in many of the leases for payment in gold ; and that guineas were bought at a premium for the rent , and must not the landlord make a difference in those leases and tenants ? He would now repeat , and seriously repeat , the question of the last speaker on a former night , was there any real standard of payment ? He did not mean the question ludicrously , but was intitled to an answer , because not one hint of such a thing was given in the pamphlets which undertook to answer the Report . The authors of these pamphlets had hitherto eluded studiously or rather declined this question , nay , so careful were they of committing themselves upon this point , or so anxious not to encumber themselves with the perplexity of such a consideration , that even the word was not mentioned in their publications until it was pressed upon them too repeatedly to be overlooked ; and then it was disposed of by an expedient as unsound as any other part of their favourite system . The real question was whether Bank notes or coin were to be considered as the standard ? The Committee had a right to an answer upon this point ; if gentlemen would have it that Bank notes were the standard , they should say so ; they should describe the guinea as the twenty-one fortieth part of a two pound note ; and if they did not think so , it was equally incumbent on them to avow the sentiment . For some understanding should be had upon a matter so essential to the discussion and the understanding of the question . In the variety of opinions , or if he might be permitted to retort the expression , of theories resorted to upon this head , there were some theorists who wrapped it up in a sort of mysterious obscurity , who considered the standard as something not corporeal , 978 and talked of abstract currency in a manner peculiarly congenial to their clear and lofty conceptions ; but while they talked of abstract currency in so suitable a strain , he would ask , Did any one ever hear of abstract payment or of an abstract dinner ? Most of those gentlemen on the one side of the abstract standard were in the service of government , and it would be worth their while to consider how they would be satisfied with an abstract payment of their salaries . ( Hear , hear ! A laugh . ) It was absurd to talk of payment in any other manner than by the coin of the country . But the reasoning of those gentlemen was not always so decidedly in favour of their own principles ; they were obliged to admit that if the currency was compared with what was called the standard it would appear to be depreciated ; and from the consequences of this admission they endeavoured to escape , by saying , that it was a virtual , and not a real depreciation . This distinction was of the same school with the abstract payment . Aware , however , of the inconvenience of proceeding without a standard , they