of his debt to the manufacturer , and particularly to the small manufacturer . It had been urged by an hon . gent . that the capital of the manufacturer was in many cases locked up , and that the receipt of Exchequer bills would enable him to manufacture such goods as were in demand . Very different , indeed , appeared to him to be the merits of the merchant and the manufacturer . The merchant having bought goods on credit from the manufacturer , sent them to South America . If the speculation proved successful , it was profitable to the speculator ; if unsuccessful , the loss fell on the manufacturer . Was this the character entitled to assistance ? And yet he was persuaded 420 that , under the proposed plan , this description of men would absorb the greater part of the six millions that were to be issued . wished the Bill could be better adapted to the case . The natural course of proceeding appeared to him to be , to give a preference to those who were particularly oppressed . In the first place , to give priority to goods as a security over personal security , and then to some description of goods over others , namely , British manufactures primarily , and then colonial produce . In the present depreciation of goods in the market , he thought the public would run no risk by advancing 75 per cent upon them instead of 50 per cent . When goods were the security for a loan , he conceived that the addition of personal security would be embarrassing . He repeated , that by advancing money in the first place to those who possessed the greatest quantity of unsaleable goods , the most effectual relief would be given to the parties the most deeply distressed ; but that by advancing money generally , and without distinction , but a small portion of it would reach those whom it was essential to relieve . was of opinion , that the preamble of the Bill might recite what was the general intention of parliament on the subject , and thus serve as a guide for the conduct of the commissioners . He certainly was desirous that the manufacturers should be the persons chiefly benefited by the proposed measure , although he was not for limiting the advantages of the measure so exclusively to the manufacturers as had been recommended by the hon . gent . thought any recitation in the preamble , of the view of parliament , might tend to create difficulties in the execution of the trust to be reposed in the commissioners . The committee would be aware , that among the commissioners whom he had named were several of those gentlemen who had been most active as commissioners in 1793 . On that occasion the commissioners had proceeded by framing general questions , to which all applicants for relief replied on oath , and thus underwent such a severe scrutiny , as to repel many improper applications . He conceived that it would be proper to compel every applicant to declare for what-purpose he wanted assistance , in order that the commissioner might know they granted money 421 for proper objects ; and he was convinced , that the best security which parliament could have for the proper distribution of this sum of six millions , was the wisdom and discretion of the individuals in whom the power of distributing it was to be vested . repeated his anxiety for the lesser manufacturer , who , he was persuaded , would not be paid , or , at most , paid but in part by the merchant , after the latter had obtained a loan for that purpose . Great difficulties would take place also in the due appreciation of the value of the goods which were to be pledged for the payment of the money borrowed . said , he held in his hand some Resolutions of the merchants of Liverpool , declaratory of their intention to apply to parliament for the aid of a million . He