few private individuals—which stigmatized that assembly as an unlawful one at one period , which had obtained at another the distinct and unqualified sanction of government . It was a statute which held out to an Orange Party , set on by government , an invitation to arrest and imprison his Majesty 's Catholic subjects , and converted into willing assistants one part of the people for the purpose of subjugating the 17 other . Nothing could be more injudicious than the enforcement of this act , for the purpose of preventing any discussion on the petition , when the government knew not what the result of the discussion might be . But the strong hand of authority had been ineffectually placed upon it as an extinguisher . He observed that his Majesty 's ministers were inclined to smile at his statements , and to treat them with derision and contempt ; but he would tell them that he would be heard , when he pleaded in that House the cause of Ireland and of his Majesty 's catholic subjects . He did not often obtrude himself on their attention ; but when he did address himself to them on a subject of the most vital importance , he saw with indignation the disposition which was manifested to treat it with insulting derision or culpable indifference ! — ( Hear , hear . ) He would again repeat his assertion , that this act ( this `` religious act '' he might term it ) was one which would call upon all the Catholics in Ireland not to do any unlawful acts , but to vindicate their characters , and to express their opinions upon the points in question . It had been stated by a noble earl opposite , that the Letter of Mr. Hay , though dated on the 1st of January , had been mysteriously circulated , and was not known to government for tome time , but was acted on as soon as known ; but this was a point on which he was prepared to meet that noble earl ; for he happened to have an extensive correspondence in Ireland ; and he had received a letter , dated the 12th of January , which contained a paragraph , specifying the measure which had been adopted by the Catholic Committee , and inclosing printed copies of the proceedings of that Committee , together with the circular of Mr. Hay to the different counties of Ireland ; and this was the secret document with which his Majesty 's ministers , and the Irish government , were unacquainted until the 12th of February ! He would let them still farther . into the secret , and inform them , that he had been consulted by the Catholic Committee ; and that he had represented to them that they had secret enemies , and that , in short , the whole government , on both sides of the water , were adverse to their cause . He had told them not to give themselves the trouble of obtaining signatures in the different counties ; for it would not alter the nature of their case , nor give additional strength to their claims , which were already known 18 and recognized . He had told them that all the forms of justice would advocate their cause , which was acknowledged by all but those whose political tenets were to wage eternal enmity with the Catholics.—The noble lord concluded by supporting the motion . said he rose , pursuant to notice , to move for such papers as might have a tendency to throw light on a late-measure adopted in Ireland . Had he understood that the production of these papers would be conceded , he should have felt it his duty to abstain from in anywise entering upon the question ; but as this was not the case , he conceived it necessary to say a few words , to induce the House to accede to his motion . The House were aware that an act had been performed by the Irish government , calculated to excite in Ireland