object of that night 's debate . said , he should not feel it necessary to trouble the committee at any length upon the financial part of the estimates—the outline of the intended services had been explained with great clearness by the noble lord ( Palmerstone ) , and the votes proposed seemed to be regulated with all due attention to economy , consistent with the efficiency of the army upon its present high scale , in point of numbers . The only estimate to which he was particularly desirous of alluding , was that which went to reduce the annual training of the local militia from 21 to 11-days . The share to be had in creating this force , the interest he personally felt in its well-being , and the conviction impressed on his mind , that the permanent security of the empire rested on its improvemen 214 and conservation , made him very reluctantly acquiesce in any retrenchment which might have a tendency to impair the discipline , and consequently the efficiency of this great system of national defence ; but whilst he acknowledged his repugnance to the proposed change in a military point of view , he was ready to admit that there were grave considerations which operated the other way , arising from a due attention to public expence , and the general convenience of the men serving . In this state of things , as a friend of the measure , he thought it best to submit to the change , as an experiment . The local militia bad hitherto found in the country nothing but friends . He thought it would be prudent in its advocates not to attempt to strain a string which so happily had been wound up to its present pitch . If we had been obliged to relax in the number of training days , which originally appeared to him necessary , he had the consolation to observe the institution flourish in a degree far beyond his hopes , from the universal zeal and spirit with which the nation had carried it into execution . All distinctions of party had been lost in the common effort ; to that patriotic spirit he was willing to trust for preserving and improving this force , even under the proposed modifications , satisfied that there was but one common feeling in parliament , and throughout the country , that the efficiency of this institution must be upheld , and that so long as it was effectually sustained , the security of the British empire was placed beyond the reach of danger . then proceeded to notice the concluding part of the secretary at war 's speech , which related to the recruiting of the army . It was that branch of the subject on which he had come down , desirous of calling for that information which the noble lord had so fully imparted to the House . To those conversant with army details , it must have been obvious , without reference to returns , that carrying on operations abroad on the scale we now did , the waste of the army , even from the common casualties incident to troops in the field , must very considerably exceed the resources of ordinary recruiting . In looking to what it might be necessary to do , he was ready to acquiesce in the principle laid down by the noble lord , that adverting to the magnitude of the force which the country now happily possessed , the object to be aimed at was rather to keep 215 up , than augment the present numbers of the army . It having fallen to his lot officially to propose to parliament all the onerous measures which had taken place since the year 1805 , for levying men , it was gratifying to him to find , that these efforts had achieved the great object to which they were progressively directed ; that the zeal and perseverance of the nation , in cheerfully submitting to these burthens , was rewarded by the powerful army which they now possessed , unexampled before in any period