the produce of the French islands . From the moment France lost all her West Indian possessions , she could have no interest in allowing of such importations , and they were in consequence more strictly excluded than before . It had been urged by the right hon . gent . in support of the measure he recommended , that , as it could do no mischief , it was worth a trial ; and that if no harm was to be apprehended , whilst much good might follow from its operation , it was the 336 duty of Parliament to adopt it . But for his own part , he could not consider the experiment so perfectly harmless , or the measure so obviously safe thought it might possibly do good , and he wished it might ; but it appeared to him impossible to return to that state from which they had been unfortunately led by their folly , in a way so very easy and free from danger . That spirit of enterprize which had led to such fatal consequences ought to be discouraged , that something like a stop should be put to such wild and unprofitable speculations . The right hon . gent , had told them that the money to be advanced would not in all probability be lost to the public . He did him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) the justice to believe he would endeavour to name such Commissioners on the occasion as would do their duty , and look well to the application of the money ; but when the House were called upon for 6,000,000l . in Exchequer bills , just after they had funded 12,000,000l . and when they reflected that all the circulating medium at present in the country was paper , it was their duty to consider how far they ought to countenance such extensive issues of paper money . He thought it was their first duty to narrow , as far as might be , the circulation of paper . Whether or not they had now reached that period at which it would be proper to put an end to it altogether , and restore the proper circulating medium , was a question on which he would not venture to decide , but he thought they ought to do something towards putting a stop to the extension , at least , of the paper circulation . It was a painful task to refuse solicited relief to sufferers , who suffered not for their own misconduct , but for the imprudence of others.—Feeling this , he would not take the sense of the House on the subject , but having made these few observations which he had thought it his duty to make , he should abstain from further opposition to the measure proposed . Doing this , he might not act strictly up to his duty , as he thought the principle of a tendency rather to do harm than good ; but under such circumstances as the present , he had not resolution enough to oppose that which afforded any thing like a chance of alleviating the distress of those who claimed their assistance . said , it was not his intention , in what he should say , to question either the amount of the sum proposed by 337 the Report of the Committee , or the extent of the hardship under which the manufacturer laboured . He begged it to be believed , that , in the observations he should have to make , nothing was farther from his mind than to bear hard on those who were affected by the present state of the commercial credit of the country , particularly on the manufacturers , who were now , by the existing state of things , deprived of a market for their commodities . That class of persons was peculiarly entitled to the protection of Parliament , because from the situation in which they stood they could not have brought the calamity upon themselves by their imprudent and unjustifiable speculations , as they did but execute the orders they