hands of his right hon . friend ( hear , hear ! from the Opposition . ) He would wish to hear what objection could be made to this statement , but as far as his parliamentary experience went , there was no example for such a proceeding . said , that that which appeared lately a compact on all sides , had now become a party question . These parties did them no honour . Their time was too much occupied with them ; and he deprecated any dispute as to the trivial matter who was to nominate a Committee , which the House would take care was properly named . said , the hon . gent , was right in thinking that these party tricks did them no credit . He bowed to the chair ; but having expressed at some length his dissent to the proposition of the right hon . baronet , it was only through mistake that he deemed it unnecessary to say `` No , '' as early on putting the question as he ought to have done . He concluded by giving a direct negative to the motion . was for the appointment of the Committee as early as possible , as if it was put off , the opportunity for this important investigation would come too late to be of service to the country . put it to the feeling of the House , if it was not the general custom , when government were willing to take the necessary steps , that the measure should be left in their hands . He was not for delay , nor for a Committee altogether Irish . He wished for the collective sense and wisdom of the English also , as this was not a question solely affecting Ireland , but the empire at large , as if Ireland could not pay her loans , England must . On these grounds , he would move the previous question , as a mode not of objecting to the motion , but of getting rid of a course which he must say was like taking the question out of the hands of the person who originally proposed it . did not wish to press the nomination of the Committee , on the understanding that it would be done in about a week from this time ; but whoever named it , the country was indebted to the right hon . baronet alone for bringing the important topic under consideration . read the names he meant to propose , to shew that he had not been guided in his nomination by any thing 439 like party feeling.—They were these : Mr. Foster , Mr. Perceval , Mr. Ponsonby , Mr. Bankes , Lord Castlereagh , Mr. Parnell , Mr. Huskisson , Mr. Tierney , Mr. Tighe , Mr. Grattan , Colonel Barry , Mr. Leslie Foster , Mr. Shaw , of Dublin , Mr. Wellesley Pole , Mr. William Elliot , Mr. Rose , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Henry Thornton , Mr. Nicholas Vansittart , Mr. William Smith , Sir John Newport . would rather have the Committee nominated to-night than agree to any injurious delay ; but he saw no evil that could result from the short period proposed by his right hon . friend . In a measure on which his hopes were so sanguine , he did not wish that the House should as it were be taken by surprise , sordid it appear to him to be quite parliamentary to take the proposition out of the hand of the person most responsible . rose , pursuant to a notice which he had given a few days before . He reminded the House he had then stated it to be his intention to move for leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the 39th of his present Majesty , which at present was felt very heavily by printers , publishers , and others connected with the press of this country . He hoped the motion he intended to make would meet with no opposition , when his