expected to be able to continue this system ? Whether they expected to be able , by their Convention bills and similar measures , to govern that country ? He should be sorry if any thing he might say could have the least tendency to excite a spirit of discontent among the natives of Ireland . He was fully aware of the embarrassing situation in which he stood . On the one hand , it was possible he might be supposed to wish to excite anxiety and alarm in that country ; and on the other , by maintaining a silence on the subject , it might appear as if he seemed to acquiesce in the justice and propriety of the Irish system of government . The administration of the country seemed now to be placed in the painful alternative of being obliged either to concede something to the demands of the people of Ireland , or to put down the population of that country by the exercise of power . While he said this , however , it was not his object to enter into any discussion at present on the subject ; for neither he nor the House were possessed of information to enable them with propriety to enter upon the subject . His object was not a wish to embarrass administration ; and had he conceived that any thing this night spoken by him , could have the least tendency to effect such an embarrassment , it would have been buried in oblivion . He thought , however , it was becoming in the House to show an anxiety 22 for the fate of Ireland , —a greater anxiety than they had butherto shewn ; but while he blamed the spirit of intolerance that had been adopted in regard to Ireland , he did not forget that the Catholics themselves were , by their conduct , not altogether free from blame . It was his most earnest wish that the Catholics should abstain from all measures of a violent tendency ; for they might rest assured , that such measures , however much others might suffer from them , would return back on themselves in a tenfold degree . While he recommended , therefore , tolerance to the administration , he could not help recommending forbearance to the Catholics . The hon . gent , concluded with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , praying that there may be laid before the House copies or extracts of such dispatches from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Secretary of State for the home department , as related to the Circular Letter of the right hon . W. W. Pole , Chief Secretary of Ireland , to the chief magistrates and sheriffs of counties in that country . `` —Upon this motion being proposed from the chair . rose and observed , that though he could not concur in the whole , he was inclined to agree entirely with the concluding passage of the hon . gents speech , in which he exhorted the House to an anxious consideration of the state of Ireland , and that the utmost degree of toleration and relaxation that could possibly be adopted should be conceded . There was no man in that House that could agree more cordially than he did in that sentiment , but he could not agree with the hon . gent . in that part of his speech where he charged the government of the country with adopting a system of intolerance towards Ireland . He must always deny the proposition , that because the House had not been inclined to agree to Catholic emancipation , they were therefore to call the system intolerant . So far from the system of his Majesty 's government towards Ireland having been intolerant , he could venture to say , that the system pursued ever since his Majesty had ascended the throne , had been in the highest degree ameliorating and tolerant . They had , however , to lament , that there were great numbers of persons in Ireland