paying the marquis of Buckingham and lord Camden 50,000l . between them , out of the taxes , for doing nothing , he moved `` That the House do consider this Grievance this day fortnight . '' observed , that he supposed the hon . gent . entertained so strong a sentiment of repugnance to the Resolution of the House last night , as to be determined to lose no time in showing his hostility to it . He could not conceive what other motive could induce him so immediately to break in upon the established practice of the House , a practice that had prevailed for the last thirty years . He admitted most readily , 248 that it was the right of every member to avail himself of the privilege of making a motion at any time without a previous notice ; but it was a privilege which courtesy to the House required should be exercised only in cases where a loss of time was a material consideration . So far was this , however , from being the case at present , that the hon . member 's motion only implied his intention of doing something at the expiration of a fortnight . He trusted , therefore , that he would not find many to support him in thus directly contravening the deliberate resolution of the House on the preceding evening . said , that the motion should certainly have his support , inasmuch as it was meant to try the right of every individual member . He was the last man to wish that courtesy to the House should be neglected , but the right hon . gent . was not contented with the convenience derived from the observance of this courtesy , but had rather acted on the principle , that because the House granted certain indulgencies , he would extend his claims , and make them matter of right . He was not the first minister who had lost his temper , and indeed it was very hard on him that he should have to spend so many hours in that House . But he apprehended that the experience of last session gave him an additional cause of alarm , and that he was afraid not merely of being kept out of bed , but of being left in a minority—a still greater inconvenience . thought that the object of the Resolution was only to try an experiment for the purpose of promoting the general accommodation of the House , and of facilitating public business . It was therefore , in his opinion , rather unfair so soon to attempt an infringement of it . The inconvenience which it sought to remedy , had been acknowledged on all sides , and he could not regard it , therefore , as any deep laid scheme of the ministers to prevent those discussions in that House. , which were so necessary under a free government . Wishing well as he did to the interests of the country , he feared that they were sometimes in danger of suffering by deferring the consideration of questions in which they were involved to party objects and divisions . had no doubt of the veracity of the hon . member 's frequent declaration of the honesty and purity of his intentions , but he should not have thought it necessary to remind him that the charge 249 of delaying or obstructing public business , could not justly be applied to that side of the House . Who had the power of terminating the session ? Who the power of calling Parliament together ? The minister did all this , and it was therefore idle to impute any accidental inconvenience of a want of time for the due consideration of important questions to any individual members of the House . He was far from desiring to give any captious opposition to the Resolution of last night , but the present motion involved a point , as he deemed , of the highest importance , not only to the privileges of the House but to the interests of the country . thought