, so much , of the reasoning which I have applied to other points , having a direct reference to this . If I have succeeded in showing the fallacy of those arguments by which it is attempted to prove the excess and depreciation of our currency , I need say no more to establish the inexpediency of taking a step which all admit to be attended with danger , as a remedy to an imaginary evil . I have also , as I think , shown that the removal of the Bank restriction would not have the effect of restoring a favourable course of exchange . But my great objection to the removal of the restriction at the end of the propos '' ed period of two years , is , that unless a change of circumstances , contrary to all probability , should take place in the mean time , the resumption of cash payments at the period proposed , would be wholly impracticable . The very Report of the Bullion Committee states the impracticability of an immediate , or very early , resumption of cash payments . `` Your Committee , '' it says , `` are of opinion that if peace were to be immediately ratified , in the present state of our circulation it would be most hazardous to compel the Bank to pay cash in six months , and would be found wholly impracticable . '' They are , therefore , it further says , `` of opinion that even if peace should intervene , two years should be given to the Bank for resuming its payments ; but that , even if the war should be prolonged , cash payments should be resumed by the end of that period . '' Do the Committee then mean to con tend that there is no difference between war , such a war as the present , and peace ? Do they think that peace would give no additional security and facility to the Bank , in preparing for the resumption of cash payments ? Are they of opinion that it would afford no advantages to the government in so arranging in its pecuniary concerns , as to be independent of assistance from the Bank—that it would give no stability to commercial credit in general ? Will they affirm that their Chairman is entirely mistaken in admitting in his fifteenth Resolution , that the adverse 963 circumstances of our trade , together with the large amount of our military expenditure abroad , may have contributed to render our exchanges unfavourable ? '' or to what miraculous aid do they look for removing these unfavourable circumstances , and making it indifferent whether we have war or peace ? It would really appear that they thought it indifferent , from the mode in which regret is expressed in the Report , `` that the suspension of cash payments has been continued so long ; and particularly that by the , manner in which the present continuing act is framed , the character should have been given to it of a permanent war measure . '' That the suspension has , from necessity , been continued so long , we must all regret . Once , and once only , there appeared a prospect of a change of circumstances which might admit of its removal , and the directors of the Bank , it ought to be remembered , immediately took measures which proved the sincerity of their desir that it might be removed . In the year 1798 , and the early part of 1799 , the course of exchange was remarkably favourable , and the Bank , in consquence , as a prelude to a general resumption of cash payments , obtained permission , pursuant to a clause in the restriction act , to pay sums under five pounds in cash . Under this permission , large sums , much larger than the public are generally aware of , have actually been paid . The renewal of war on the continent , and still more the failing harvests of 1799 and 1800 , destroyed our hopes ,