other indicated a friendly and parental temper . Doubtless , there may be among the Catholics some misguided men , and some who might conceal unjustifiable views . But was this a sufficient apology for the use of irritating language to the whole body ? The words 'unlawful assembly , ' applied to the Catholic meeting , in the letter of the Irish secretary , appeared to him to be most injudicious , even if strictly applicable . What necessity was there for this assuming phraseology , so remote from the style of conciliation , so unmarked by that superior good manners which ought to distinguish a great and magnanimous government . It could not be forgotten that the assembly thus stigmatised had continued to meet , unchecked , and unreproved , since the year 1807 : that since 1809 , they had made various communications to both Houses of Parliament . If , therefore , the principle on which they assembled was wrong , it must have been wrong from the beginning , and the legislature had acted wrong in receiving petitions resolved on and prepared by that assembly . The Catholic Committee consisted of the delegates of 1806 , and of those appointed at the general meeting of 1793 . Parliament had never refused to entertain the petitions of this body , against whom the full force of a. penal statute was now revived , as 28 against a lawless and dangerous convention . This , then , was a striking instance of the lawless and precipitate nature of that act of the government of Ireland , which was , in fact , as inconsistent as unwise . Lord Fingal had sat in the chair of this Catholic Committee since the year 1809 . Did ministers intend to act up to the menacing tone which they had , unfortunately for Ireland and the empire , assumed ? Did they intend to attack ' lord Fingal in the plenitude of the esteem and respectability in which he was held , for having presided at an unlawful assembly ? Did they mean to attack some of the best subjects of his Majesty , who had so often lent their efforts against the natural enemies of the country ? It was impossible to entertain any rational jealousy of such a man as Mr. M'Donald , who proposed the leading resolutions at the meeting of 1809 . A man who he sincerely believed , was possessed of every quality that could conciliate and secure attachment and respect . In his judgment , such popular meetings so conducted , were not the cause of just alarm . It was well that opportunities should exist for the mind of the people to evaporate . The aspirations of active genius , should not be subjected to eternal control , nor the high mettle of the Irish youth condemned to waste itself in indolence and tavern enjoyments.—Much did he see of public spirit in the Catholics of Ireland , much indeed , of vehemence , but of a vehemence that threatened no evil consequences . The fire should be kept in its proper orb , and it would emit a salutary light and heat without bursting into conflagration . Certainly nothing had been stated to justify the retrospective operation of the Convention Act , and if ministers were determined to persevere in their impolitic system , he held it to be the duty of the House to interpose in favour of the people , and assert the right of the Irish subject to complain of grievances . It remained for ministers to shew , that to destroy the Catholic Committee was necessary , to prevent a national convention in that country . It was the undoubted privilege of the subject to be sometimes clamorous and violent in the maintenance of his rights ; he would not say it was his right to be foolish also , but he was sure , that to suppress any mischief that could be apprehended on that score , the worst plan was that of a harsh exercise of the power and authority of government . Occasional 29 ebullitions of warm