enough to devise a method of indemnifying such persons without doing so . If at any future period persons of more authority and more conversant with the law should devise them , he should hail the auspicious moment , and give such humble support as he was able to a measure which professed to adapt the views of substantial justice , to the maxims and practices of English law in this particular . The second mode , which according to strict constitutional principles he ought to adopt , was a censure on the Attorney General.—But he would briefly state his reasons for not resorting to that mode of proceeding . Exclusive of his respect for the character of the individual , of whom though he knew nothing from personal acquaintance , he had always heard the highest character for learning , for abilities , and for a disposition amiable in private life , he did not wish to make it a personal or a party question . He knew that in that case , those who were attached to the learned gentleman by the ties of private affection , those who were connected with him in political sentiments , might feel themselves bound on this occasion to defend , and might afterwards think that their efforts in his defence pledged them to the support of the cause in which his interests were engaged.—His object was to avoid any such consequences . He had not taken up the question in a party view , though he did not mean to disapprove of party , which from his soul he believed necessary in our mixed constitution to preserve the rights of the people , to resist the encroachment of power , and to prevent the entire subversion of all authority but that of the crown . 146 But questions regarding the administration of justice should not lightly be mixed with party or political struggles . The sentiments he had expressed that night were not newly or suddenly taken up , he had always held the same principles , he had sometimes in that House , he had sometimes elsewhere , endeavoured to promote them , and whether supporting government or opposing it , he trusted he never should abandon or forget them . His lordship then proceeded to obviate some general objections , which he apprehended might be urged against any restraint or regulation on prosecutions for libel . He maintained that complaints of the increased licentiousness of the press had been common to all times , that it was always in the mouth of men in power and public characters , and that he could not . fix on the period of our history when , if the testimony of cotemporaries was admitted , it would not be found that the licentiousness of the press had reached its summit . We should from this consideration listen to such suggestions with doubt ; we might thus learn to calm and moderate our indignation at the productions of the press which offended us.—Viewed through the medium of a few years , libels at the time considered as atrocious often appeared innocent , and the punishment to which they had been exposed disproportionate to their guilt , and calculated to excite disgust at the laws rather than disapprobation of the libeller . Let us then ask ourselves , what will be the opinion of future limes of those papers at which we feel indignation , and check our resentment by appealing as it were to the calmer judgment of posterity , collected from the manner in which we contemplate the conduct of those who went before us . We should indeed find that our best classical authors , Swift , Addison himself , Pope , might have been punished , if all that had been considered as libel had been tried , convicted , and condemned . Would any writer now be permitted to speak of a living judge , as Pope had done in the line , Hard words and hanging , if your judge be Page ? He did not mean by this to justify the abuse of the press , God