. Nor was this surprising ; for the facilities of communication , and the consequent influx of wealth which the mail coach afforded , were ample equivalents for the exemption from toll . Scotland had much less right to complain on this subject than any other part of the island , for it was well known that considerable sums had been expended out of the public purse for the construction and maintenance of roads in that country . He was satisfied that the House would be of opinion with him , that the Committee proposed by the noble lord ought not to be appointed . bore testimony to the statements of the noble lord with respect to the inconveniences which the exemption occasioned . He characterised it as a most unprincipled robbery on private property , and quoted the authority of Mr. Pennant in its reprobation . When the system of mail coaches originated , it was promised that they should be constructed of the lightest materials , that no passenger should be permitted to carry with him above 14 pounds weight of luggage , & c. Now , however , the mails were much heavier , and were made the vehicles for the conveyance of goods from one part of the kingdom to another ; by which means the injury done to the roads had considerably increased . If it was desirable that the revenue should not suffer from the abolition of the exemption , he thought that at least the burden might be taken from the shoulders of the trustees of the roads , and placed on those of the passengers and senders of parcels . thought , if the proposed alterations were made , the mail coach proprietors would charge the public not merely in proportion as they were charged , but much more ; as on such occasions was uniformly found to be the case . He could not give his assent to a measure of this description , which , he was of opinion , must necessarily affect the national revenue . could not give a negative to what had been advanced by his right hon . friend ; but be doubted if his view of the subject was correct , and if the measure proposed would be followed by the 686 new charge on the public which he had anticipated . He thought the mails had no right to the exemptions they enjoyed , and hoped enough had been stated to the House , to induce them to appoint a Committee on the subject , in which the facts could be proved or disproved , so as to enable them to form a correct judgment on the state of the case . were in favour of the appointment of a Committee . thought the question before the House the simplest of all questions , and that nothing could be more fair than that the parties who derived the greatest advantages from the system should be called on to pay for those advantages . The House divided , when the numbers were— moved for leave to bring in a Bill for amending the 18th of George 2 , by extending the provisions of the said Act respecting the expence of Hosting and Poll Clerks at elections , as far as regards the city of Westminster . stated the situation of the high bailiff of Westminster to be very different from that of the sheriff of a county . If it could not be proved that the emoluments of his office were too small , he thought that there was no reason for bringing in the Bill ; and if that could be proved , he had no doubt but the liberality of the city of Westminster ( whose rights he conceived would be in some degree affected by the measure ) , would be ready to increase his income . thought the city of Westminster ought not to be distinguished from other populous places , unless some reason was given why such distinction was made . observed , that some large places had particular regulations , and thought there could be no objection to the