to be controverted ; the alledged facts are not disputed by that noble lord , to whose speech , in the opinion of the right hon . gent . nothing can be added in behalf of the persons implicated . To the noble lord , for his abundant personal civility , and still more for the very liberal credit he seems disposed to give to my motives , I have to return my thanks ; but if justice requires me to pay this tribute to the liberality and ingenuousness of the noble lord , it exacts from me a very marked distinction between the embarrassing kindness of the noble lord and the frank hostility of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) . I certainly can not charge him with too much liberality in construing my motives ; but I crave nothing considerate or favourable of the right hon . gentleman . He may continue to think of me as he pleases , while I shall endeavour to console myself under the consciousness of honest intentions . 83 With respect to the noble lord , I must again say , what I have said before so often , that really that noble lord is at times quite merciless in his kindness . He meets apolitical antagonist in a way so polished and so gentlemanly as to disarm his adversary of the ordinary means of defence ; I confess the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) can not justly be made the subject of a similar charge . He does not embarrass one with the mild civilities of his air and manner , He comes upon you , in his own direct way , which though perhaps not more conclusive than that of the noble lord , is certainly much more bouncing ( a laugh ! ) .—However , they had both agreed in one point , that as the hair of lord Eldon 's head ought not to be touched without subjecting their own hair to similar infliction , it was wisest and best to vote in the first instance , that there should be no inquiry at all . The noble lord , indeed , had ridiculed the idea of ministerial influence regulating the conduct of parliament at that time . No doubt it was a most extravagant notion , but the noble lord could not pretend to the influence of his right hon . friend now in power.—I can not pretend to say , observed Mr. Whitbread , what that influence may be , but the right hon . gent . is fully competent to decide upon the growth and extent of it ; for it did happen , that in other times the right hon . gent . thought fifty too small a majority to keep him in power , but now ten or a dozen majority against ministers are too few to turn him out.—What had been said about pattern legislators , and so on , may be very pointed and good , when we come to find the application . The gentleman meant , perhaps , to say something against somebody , but as I am utterly ignorant of what it may refer to , perhaps I should not err very widely in attributing it altogether to that bouncing manner to which I have before alluded , that sort of air that will attempt to make weak things strong , by speaking them in a strong way . The mistake may not be peculiar to the right hon . gent . but I recollect when he was one of the ministers in 1804 : his tone to-night reminded me of what he was then under certain circumstances of provocation—and , indeed , those circumstances were rather irritating . There was Mr. Addington at the head of the government : and really the poor man was much to be pitied : night after night he had to answer Mr. Fox , and to be answered by Mr. Pitt ! Need I say more ? what could the poor man do thus placed between two such 84 grinding stones . Still