has taken place in the exchanges ; as at Paris ; Hamburgh , and Amsterdam . I am not perfectly apprised of all the circumstances attending the exchange with America but I understand that in May 1809 , the course of exchange was at a discount of nearly 11 per cent . and that at present it is about 10 . In the West Indies the premium on bills , which used to be from 15 to 20 per cent . is now only 5 . I am inform- 815 ed likewise , that a similar effect has taken place in the East Indies , and that bills drawn on this country at Calcutta , are at an exchange of 22 per cent . against us . But , in order to place this point in a stronger light , I must beg to call the attention of the Committee to the state of the exchanges between Hamburgh and the capitals of the continent . At Vienna , the par with Hamburgh is 140 guilders ; the exchange at present is 900 guilders ! To what is this attributable ? To the depreciated state of the paper in Vienna . The paper currency of Sweden is also depreciated : and what has been the consequence ? The consequence is , that although the par with Hamburgh is 48 stivers , the present exchange is 136 ! In Copenhagen also , in which the paper is depreciated , and in which the par with Hamburgh is 125 rix dollars , the present exchange is from 750 to 800 ! But at Paris , in which there is a metallic currency , and no depreciation , the par with Hamburgh being 184 livres , it appears , by the last return , that the exchange is 180—being four in that number in favour of Paris . How is it possible , Sir , after hearing all these facts , to resist the inference , ( hat a main cause of the present situation of our exchanges is the state of our currency ? But farther by referring once more to the returns from the Mint , it will appear , that in 1792 and 1793 , the exchanges with France , fell from 22 to 17 , to 15 , to 12 , to 9 , to 4 , and ultimately to nothing . Nobody has ever pretended that this was owing to any thing but to the enormous paper currency , the assignats of France at that period . Seventy years before , when there was an excessive issue of paper in France , an issue not so-infamous as that to which I have just alluded , of assignats , but an issue for the purpose of executing a wild and visionary scheme , —I mean the famous Mississippi Scheme , the exchange of Paris with London fell from 28 to 22 , to 13 , to 10 , and eventually to 7 . When also a project of a similar nature was set on foot in England , in 1720 , the price of standard gold in bars rose as high as 4l 2s . 6d . per ounce , a rise which could be owing to nothing else but the diseased state , of the circulation in London . All these facts therefore , I maintain tend to prove the accuracy of the conclusions to which the Bullion Committee has arrived : Can more direct evidence be demanded of the excess of paper money ? But I shall 816 stop to consider this point for a moment ; During the restriction on cash payments , the excess might be occasioned in two-ways ; one by the Bank issuing more paper than could be absorbed in the general circulation ; the other , a given amount being already out , and a change in trade rendering that amount more than sufficient for the general circulation , by the Bank abstaining from withdrawing a portion of that already issued . On an examination of the evidence given by the Bank Directors before the Bullion Committee it will appear , that although