during his Shrievalty he received numerous applications from persons , who for the sake of the emolument derived from serving , are desirous to be put upon the list . Is it therefore unfair to presume , that this situation being thus an object of desire , the hope of retaining it , or the fear of being removed from it , may have some effect on the verdicts they give ? that they will willingly forfeit this advantage by a want of compliance with the wishes of those who can appoint them and reject them ; and who , be it always observed , is an officer of the Crown . They have accordingly always been made matter of complaint in those who may happen , to be tried by them . Moreover the act by which they are regulated , appears to me to be essentially violated in the manner in which they are now conducted . But the impropriety of introducing Special Juries into criminal cases is expressly marked by Statute ; the law is jealous of them , and allows them no cognizance of causes affecting life or limb . The Liberty of the Subject is , Sir , no less valuable ; and in truth , in some recent instances , the punishment which follows the verdict of these Special Jurymen falls very little short of affecting the life , as well as the liberty , of the person convicted . But , Sir , the grievance does not terminate here : for when a Defendant is brought up for trial , it has been ruled , that he shall not alledge the truth in justification of the supposed offence . That , Sir , is the modern law . In late years it has been determined by the Judges that truth is a libel ; yet I could cite some of the best and most learned authorities , within the last hundred years , who held the direct contrary doctrine ; and the whole doctrine as it at present stands is absolutely contrary to common sense . The first law relative to slander was enacted in the reign of Edward the first . But the provisions of that act went only to punish tales which were founded in falsehood . And the act of Scandalum Magnatum passed in the reign of Richard 555 the second proceeded upon the same principle . That act was renewed in the reign of Philip and Mary ; and again in the first of Elizabeth ; and still in the false hood consisted the whole of the offence . Even at a later period the same principle prevailed . In the case of the Seven Bi-shops , Mr. Justice Powell stated it as his opinion , that in order to constitute the libel , falsehood was necessary . Lord Chief Justice Holt always held a similar doctrine . And therefore , I must observe that , although it has latterly grown into a principle , that falsehood is not necessary to constitute a libel , yet , according to the enactments of former days , the case was different . I know that now this-is the acknowledged law , and that when Mr. Fox 's Libel Act was pending in the House of Lords , the Judges gave an unanimous opinion to that effect ; and stated that the indictment might run verus libellus as well as falsas libellus ; still , however , the doctrine is of modern date . Sir ; another very great hardship in trials for Libel , is , that the Attorney , whether the Defendant adduces evidence or not , assumes a right to reply . I know not whether this is customary in cases of Information filed in the Court of Exchequer , but I am sure it is not usual in courts of Nisi Prius . By this means the Attorney General has a very great advantage . In his opening Speech he may only charge one half of the offence , and , when he comes to reply he may introduce new matter , and thereby influence the verdict in