them was , whether the strong steps taken by the Irish government could be justified . It was certainly possible that they might ; but there was nothing on their table to prove it , and they could not come to such a conclusion without the advantage of farther and more particular information . Notwithstanding the recent assertions of the friends of ministers , and the statements so often made in some of the public prints , supposed to speak the sentiments of government , that Ireland was in a state of perfect tranquillity , the publication of this strong and irritating letter shewed that Ireland was very far from being in such a situation . After a lapse of 18 years , he should have considered the Convention Act , passed at a disturbed period , as obsolete . At that time , acts of considerable strictness were passed in this country , and which he believed were justified by circumstances : yet they were subsequently done away here , and he should think that the same step should have taken place in Ireland . It was curious to learn that ministers should have no knowledge of the subject , when they must have known that the Letter of Mr. Hay had been written for five weeks . It was curious that Mr . Pole left this country only on the 3d of February , and was not instructed in any respect on this point ; but immediately on arriving in Ireland , published this letter without any communication with the government here . He might suppose they thought , that if a communication had been made here , the Prince Regent might have deemed a different course more proper to pursue . He saw no ground in the proposed meeting to excite additional alarm , except as to the addition to the numbers of the meeting . That was not great , compared with the numbers of the Catholics , and was not a sufficient ground , taken alone . It must therefore be coupled with circumstances which were not to be disclosed to them . 10 Whether the Irish Government were right or not in such a measure , they appeared wrong in not making a communication to the government here , previously . The noble Secretary of State could not , he thought , have any objection to give information to a Secret Committee . could not but offer a few observations on the present occasion . The noble Secretary of State , who had risen to answer the speech of his noble friend , did any thing but answer the more prominent points of that speech ; and , indeed , in avoiding to do so , he acted wisely . His noble friend pressed for an explanation of the reasons which induced the Irish government so long to have delayed the putting in force of the Convention Act , if the Letter from the secretary of the Catholic Committee was really the cause of their resorting to a measure so rash and intemperate . He , however , pressed in vain for that explanation . It was therefore natural to conclude , that some other grounds existed in justification of such a measure ; and a knowledge of those grounds it was the object of his noble friend 's motion to obtain . In expressing his decided disapprobation of this rash and intemperate proceeding , he desired not to be considered as prepared or disposed to vindicate the cause of any description of persons , who meant to act in an illegal manner . On the contrary , he would always do his utmost to ensure obedience to the law : and if it could be shewn that this measure was the only , or the ready and natural mode of prevention of an unlawful meeting , he should agree to it . If the Catholics had any intention of establishing a permanent convention to represent them , he should be sensible of the dangers of such an attempt , and would be the first to resist it . But of this there was