consideration which , he hoped , would ever have due weight with the minister for Ireland . denied that the 200,000l . was granted to Dublin solely . The Found ling and other Institutions were of general , not local or Dublin interest . Besides , if Cork wanted help , was she not able to help herself—if she wanted aid , she might come to parliament and ask it . replied , that he had not said that the whole sum was devoted to the mere local benefit of Dublin , so far from saying this , he had excepted the charities mentioned by the right hon . gent . He spoke generally . He repeated , that he thought much less money would be more advantageously expended in the instance he had given . He expressed his hope that the right hon . gent would think it worthy of some consideration hereafter , and would also agree to contribute more largely than parliament had yet done to the Cork charities . He knew them to be excellent institutions , and earnestly trusted they would not be let to fall into decay for the want of that timely aid which he was sorry to say they stood much in need of . He hoped that the Irish giants for the future would not in general be so much confined to the capital . said , he did not consider any apology to the House necessary for his excepting last night the Resolution respecting Maynooth College from the other Resolutions agreed to in the Committee of Irish Supply , because the education of the Catholic clergy of Ireland , a clergy who had the charge of four millions of souls intrusted to them , was an object of sufficient importance to deserve the most serious attention of the House . The College of Maynooth was established by parliament in 1795 , for the education of 200 Irish Catholic students . For this purpose the sum of 8,000l . was then granted . Prior to that period he was sorry to say , such was the want of humanity in the government of Ireland , that it was necessary for the Catholic students to 519 seek for education in foreign parts ; and when the grant in 1795 took place , not fewer than 500 students were on an average educated abroad . As the institution was new , it was not thought proper to provide at first for more than 200 students . As the French war , however , continued , and the French power was everywhere established , the Irish Catholics were driven out of every corner of Europe ; and in 1806 and 1807 , the then ministry , thinking it expedient that the number of scholars should be increased to 250 , came to parliament for an increase of the grant to 13,000l . The first act , however , of the No Popery Administration was , to obtain the sanction of parliament to a reduction of one third of this sum . He could state from his general knowledge , that the College was not provided with such professors as was necessary for the proper education of the Irish clergy , though good professors could easily be obtained if anything like an inducement were held out . Government have allowed , in their liberality , the sum of 25l . per head for the professors ; and students equal to 16d . per day ; and yet they called on the House to vote to mere day labourers in the Dublin Society House 1s . 8d . per day . Could there be a greater indecency than such a paltry allowance to those professors , who ought to be among the most learned men of Europe ? Could any thing be more indecorous than such an allowance ? While they were allowing the librarian of the Maynooth College only 20l . a year , they had thought proper to allow the sub-librarian of the Dublin Society 150l . a year , and 35l . a year to its chambermaids and porter . He had stated