. may be legally discharged in sixpences , weighing 5lbs . 5oz . 15dwt . ; but to pay 25l . 0s . 6d . would require no less than 8lbs . Ooz . 15dwt . of the same coin . Now I would ask my learned friend , which of those different weights of silver , all of which would be equally a legal tender , is the true standard ? But in 1797 , when my learned friend admits the true standard to have existed , the case was still stronger . The act of 1771 , by which the legal tender of silver money was limited to 25l , a limitation then first introduced , had expired in 1783 , and was not revived till 1798 . Therefore , at the very time when our standard is supposed to have been most perfect , silver money , of whatever weight , might be tendered to any amount . The whole interest of the national debt might have been paid in crooked sixpences , if the directors 926 of the Bank had thought fit . It is said , that , in 1745 , they actually had recourse to such an expedient for a temporary purpose , and it was perfectly legal for them to do so . It is therefore evident , that , so far as relates to silver money , the first of my learned friend 's propositions is wholly unfounded , and that with it the six next , and indeed all the remainder , must fall to the ground . And as the silver coin was , till within modern times , the only legal tender in payments ( Mr. Locke even contending that no other substance was fit to be made the standard of value ) ; and as it is still as much a standard in law , and more so in practice , than the gold coin , I might be contented to rest my argument here ; but I shall say something respecting the gold coin . In the first place , no limitation of the current weight of gold coin existed down to the year 1774 ; and , therefore , all my reasoning with respect to the silver coin applies with equal force to the gold coin down to that time ; and this ancient , established , invariable standard so much talked of , had no existence till within the period of his present Majesty 's reign . But what was then made the standard ? Was it 5dwts . Ooz . 9½gr. , ( the mint weight of a new guinea ) , for 1l . 1s. , or 5dwt . Ooz . 8gr. , the current weight ? The difference is not great ; but it destroys the principle of a fixed standard as much as if it were , if fixed standard must be something accurately defined , certain , and invariable ; and such a standard the metallic currency of this country has never been . I am not enquiring whether on general principles of policy we ought not to seek to establish such a standard , but I am contending that the learned chairman 's Resolutions are false in fact , and his complaints groundless ; for we can not have lost what we never possessed . The discussion is not only important in itself , as overturning the basis of the learned chairman 's proposed Resolutions , but it is closely connected with the leading doctrine of the Bullion Report , that of the depreciation of bank-notes . He says that my propositions are an evasion of the question , and that I ought distinctly cither to admit or deny the fact , that Bank-notes have lost their standard value . Now , I do not conceive myself bound either to admit or to deny , that bank-notes have lost a value which they never possessed , an which the legal coin of the country never 927 possessed , namely , a value estimated by a fixed weight of gold or silver bullion . They never had any other than