. could take upon himself to consent to the delay on the part of his right hon . friend , whose authority he had to say , that he would have no objection to the delay required . disclaimed having given any 783 pledge that he would bring forward any counter-Resolutions ; though he thought it likely that some other hon . gent , might do so . observed , that he had not charged upon the night hon . member having given any such pledge ; neither did he wish the right hon . gent . to bring forward any counter-resolutions . He should be much better satisfied at his concurring in the Resolution '' of his right hon . friend . so far as he was personally concerned , was perfectly prepared to go into the discussion at any time : but he must observe , that these were Resolutions founded upon an extensive mass of evidence , which it would be impossible for gentlemen to decide upon justly , without making themselves acquainted with that evidence particularly . Several of the right hon . gentleman 's Resolutions were not consistent with the evidence , and only calculated to mislead the House . If gentlemen had not time , therefore , to consider the evidence , it would be extremely difficult for him to convince them that the Re solutions were not borne out by that evidence . There were some of the Resolutions which he considered unfounded , The 5th , for instance , assumed four or five things as facts , which he contended were not ( acts , but which it would not be easy for him to shew not to be facts , unless gentlemen were to be fully in possession of the evidence . moved , `` That a sum not exceeding 400,000l. , be granted to his Majesty , to enable him to make good the provisions of the said Treaty . '' said , that he did not rise with any expectation of inducing the Committee to dissent from the motion of the right hon . gent . ; or , indeed , with any wish to repeat the arguments which he had urged on a former occasion against this grant to his Sicilian , Majesty , at the same time he thought it his duty to state , that notwithstanding the present elation of the public mind with respect to foreign relations , it was the duty of parliament strictly to watch the course of our proceedings with respect to those relations ; and more strictly , perhaps , from the very circumstance of the existing elation . He was also of opinion , that it Was highly desirable , at the time when we were subsidising Sicily , and taking that island under the protection of British arms ( even were it allowed that it was for a British object ) , that parliament should know that the application of the money which they granted for these purposes , and that efforts should be made to remedy , if possible , some of those diseases in the Sicilian government , which , if not cured , would inevitably destroy that government itself ; for he was persuaded , that a more profligate government , or a more oppressed people than the Sicilian , not only did not exist , but never had existed Having said thus much , he would abstain from taking the sense of the Committee on the present proposition ; but he would take this , the earliest opportunity that had been afforded him , of expressing his regret that he was not in his place on Friday , when the Thanks of the House were voted to lord Wellington . His absence was occasioned by avocations of a public nature , to which his attention was indispensable . In such circumstances alone should he ever seek for a justification of his absence from parliament , while he had the honour of a seat there ; for , whether the attendance of other members was constant or lax , whether the benches Were full or empty