my opinion the best class , venture to recommend , that we should have as extended a paper currency as is consistent with the stability of the circulating medium , and that this currency should have for its basis the precious metals . It is my wish , and I desire it to be distinctly understood , not to proceed to either extreme ; my object is to impress the Committee with the propriety of reverting to the doctrines and opinions of the ablest and most practical statesmen of this country previous to the period of the Bank Restriction . The principle of those doctrines was , that the circulation of paper was in itself beneficial , and sufficiently guarded against possible excess by its constant liability of conversion into gold . And here I must observe , that I do not by any means concur in another opinion which has gone abroad upon this subject—an opinion erroneous enough , but which , opinion is entertained by many persons , namely , that the only remedy for the existing evil is not to limit the paper issues , but to do them away altogether . There , are persons , too , who entertain a jealousy and suspicion of the Bank of England , as an institution.— ( hear ! hear ! ) Whoever feels a proper respect for his country , can never agree with those who hold such doctrines ; for the origin of that institution was highly praise-worthy , connected as it then was , with the liberties of the country . It is impossible that every effort to preserve and uphold the just credit of the Bank of 801 England should not be made by those who consider the advantages of which it has been productive to the country—who consider the useful and splendid efforts made by its founder—efforts , which entitled him hot only to the praise of restoring the liberties of this country , but , in a great degree , of Europe itself . No man who has ever attended to the distresses which , in various periods of our history , war has produced , can doubt for a moment that from the Bank of England not only the government , but the commercial credit of the country have received the most important assistance.—It is to that assistance alone , so beneficially rendered on so many trying occasions , that in the prospect of similar exertions and efforts on the continent , we can look for support . The interests of the Bank of England , therefore , form a great and integral part of the public credit of the state . In saying thus much , I wish to guard against the possibility of mistake in any opinions which I may utter as to the view , which I entertain upon the subject , and the means of remedying the evil , which is pretty generally admitted . The only means which can be effectually resorted to are to restore things to what they were , previous to the year 1797 , when the restriction was first laid upon the Bank payments . Upon this point of the case however I must declare , that my great and ultimate object is to restore , with as much care and circumspection as may be fairly claimed by partial and particular interests , but at the same time with as , much promptitude as still more urgent considerations must dictate , the circulating medium to its original state—a state attested and proved by a long experience to be not less favourable to private than propitious to public prosperity—a state , every departure from which must be injurious to public credit and national interests in the full proportion , of the extent to which it is carried . But here I am called upon to notice a prejudice which has been strongly excited against me and those who coincide with , me in opinion on this subject ; a prejudice that represents us , as mere theorists , and as setting up our theory against the conclusions of practice and experience . With respect