wished to know whether it was intended to grant an additional million for that purpose , or to allow the Liverpool merchants to partake of the six millions to be advanced by the Bill ? replied , that the merchants of Liverpool would enjoy the same advantages as any other merchants who applied for relief . was persuaded that many merchants who would borrow money under the act for an avowed purpose , namely , to pay their debts to the manufacturers , would employ but a portion of it in that manner , and by way of speculation would purchase with the rest goods at their present depreciated value . He knew no mode of guarding against this perversion of the intention of parliament , but by giving complete publicity to the applications made to the commissioners . protested against the publicity recommended by the hon . gent . and observed that no part of the conduct of the commissioners in 1793 , deserved , and obtained greater praise , than their honourable secrecy . As to the apprehension of the hon . gent . that the merchant would purchase the goods of the manufacturer at a depreciated price , such a sale on the part of the manufacturer would not be compulsory , as he might , if he preferred it , obtain relief from the commissioners by the deposit of his goods . The motion was then agreed to ; as was also a clause , by which it was provided , that no person in the Exchequer bill office should receive additional fees in consequence of the additional issue of Exchequer bills . 422 The House was then resumed ; the report was received , and ordered to be taken into further consideration to-morrow . The Bill was ordered to be printed . moved , that there be laid before the House the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee on Commercial . Credit . observed , that having so recently detailed his objections to this proposition , he felt it to be unnecessary to repeat them . having moved the second reading of the Bill for the relief and regulation of the Poor of the parish of Spilsby , and other parishes and places in the parts of Lindsey , in the county of Lincoln , said , that however singular the clauses to be found in Bills of the nature of the present frequently were , there were clauses in the present Bill so unusual , as to call in a particular manner for the attention of the House . This Bill enabled the governor and master of the Spilsby Poor-house to punish at pleasure the poor under their charge , by solitary confinement , and other most severe punishments , for no reason but their having misbehaved themselves . He then proceeded to read a clause of the Bill , by which , if the poor should be guilty of profane cursing and swearing , disorderly behaviour , or riot and drunkenness , or neglecting or refusing to perform their work , they were to be punished with solitary confinement , abatement of diet , or the stocks , at the discretion of the governor . But this is not the only singular clause . The Bill also empowered the punishing for damaging the house or fences , as for a felony , or petty larceny . And what was unexampled in this country , the directors were to have a power of letting out the poor to any person , who , for his 9d . a day , might be disposed to extract profit from the feeble limbs and worn-out bodies of these unfortunate persons , somewhat in the same manner as job-negroes were let out in the colonies . What was yet more extraordinary , they were empowered to contract with all the other parishes of the county of Lincoln , the second most extensive county in England , for their , poor , 423 who were to be compelled to go into this House of Industry , and be let out and punished in the same manner ;