liberty : —when I hear of such things I do not think the press in that perfect state of security which some men would persuade us , and I am sure the only way of preserving that security is , by evincing here , here in parliament , an anxious , jealous , and uniform attention to all that concerns it.—My lords , I do not mean to allude to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , such a notion I am well persuaded never passed his lips nor entered his head . Whatever may be the law afloat on the subject , and whatever his aversion to printers , publishers , and authors of libels , he is too good , too sound a lawyer to harbour such an idea ; while the seals are in his hands he knows his inportant duties too well to issue an injunction against any publication in which the persons praying for that injunction neither possess nor claim any property or interest whatever . An injunction on criminal grounds , from a court of Chancery ! Good God ! did your lordships ever hear till the period of this report ( a false one I trust , but which , if so , may now be contradicted ) did your lordships ever hear or dream of such a proceeding ? Would not the noble and learned lord on the woolsack blush for the most inexperienced barrister in his court who should venture to make so preposterous an application ? who should ask him to interfere by an act of power which the analogy * His lordship was supposed to allude to the summing up of the evidence in the trial of Hope versus Debost . 174 of our laws , the practice of our courts , and the safety of our liberties all alike pronounce to be impossible for him to exercise ? If indeed a man , from an apprehension of being libelied , can obtain an injunction against the exhibition of a picture or the publication of a book , in vain have our ancestors put down imprimaturs and licensers , the Great Seal virtually possesses their pernicious powers , and every paper that is printed , every book that is read , would be indebted to the Lord Chancellor 's forbearance for not being crushed , and stifled in its birth . It is strange that any man should think this law ; it is yet more melancholy that thinking it so he should not wish to alter it . To endure such a law would be to submit to the worst species of tyranny , to subject the press , and through it the human mind itself , to the worst species of degradation , a controul of its facilities of reasoning ; or , in other words , to leave to the discretion of one man the right of suppressing the words and thoughts of all his fellow subjects . This , my lords , among other symptoms , shews a jealousy of the freedom of the press , in those most likely to possess the power of restraining it ; and this among other things , together with the strong fact of an increase of Ex Officio Informations , leads me to move an inquiry which is in my judgment called for by the circumstances which may lead to regulation , if regulation be necessary , but will at any rate have the effect of checking and controuling that temper of the times which , if unchecked and uncontrouled , is too well calculated to produce encroachments of power and abuse of authority . moved , that that paragraph in the Prince Regent 's Speech , which related to the discussions with America , should be read , in order to entitle him to ask a question on that subject . [ The paragraph was then entered as read . ] He had on a former night put a question to the right hon . gent , opposite relative to the State of the discussions so long pending 175 between his Majesty 's government and