in those times of thick darkness cast their beams over Europe , proceed out of Ireland . '' Such was the conduct of the ancestors of those Catholics , when the English were in a state of darkness , and the Irish were in a state of comparative civilization ; and fed , cloathed , and protected them . Would they re fuse them this grant of 4,000l . which could not injure them , or be in any way felt by the state , but which would greatly add to the comforts of this institution . Did they refuse it on a principle of economy ? On such a principle they could not refuse it , because , on looking to their other grants , they would see nothing but luxury , extra vagance , and profusion . He should there fore move for the recommittal of the resolution . seconded the motion . submitted to the House whether the grant proposed to be made , could be considered adequate to the charity to be supported . He thought , that to come at this point , the amount of the grant had been fairly contrasted with the other items voted on the present occasion , as for instance , with the sum of 10,000l . voted for the expence of proclamations . It was disgraceful that so great a sum should be voted for such a purpose , and only 9,000l . be granted to the clergy , whose duty it was to instruct , or more properly to civilize the great mass of the country . contended , that in voting a sum to the Maynooth College , the House did nothing more than give back to the Catholics a small part of the sum they had paid for the public good . The ends of all governments were for the benefit of the governed ; instead of which , it seemed here to be the object to separate the government from the governed , and to render their interests completely independent of each other . This was a thing to be deplored , and it was a calamity daily growing on us . rose and said ; I rise , my Lords , to bring forward the motion of which I had the honour to give notice on a former evening . In introducing it , I shall endeavour to preclude , as far as possible , all difference of sentiment , by abstaining carefully from any topic upon which a difference of opinion may have been formed . I shall therefore confine myself to the direct question to which my notice referred , and upon which I trust I shall have the unanimous support of your lordships . It is to pay the tribute of our decided approbation and applause , to the gallant army under lieut , general Graham . An army and a commander , my Lords , who have given the most signal and brilliant proofs of valour and skill , of 524 bravery , discipline , and intrepidity , in a manner , I had almost said unparalleled , but certainly never yet transcended on any other occasion whatever in the military annals of the country . The circumstances of this brilliant affair are known to your lordships ; you are informed of the complete and successful repulse of a superior army of the enemy , by an army in numbers considerably inferior . You are aware of the attendant circumstances being all such as appertain to an indisputable victory . You have observed that , besides the cannon and standards which were taken from the enemy , and the great number of prisoners that were compelled to yield , that no fewer than three generals fell , a number greater than was attached to the British army itself . In addition to all this , my Lords , you will observe the very unusual and extraordinary circumstance , and I believe this to be the first time of its occurrence , that in an action so contested , there was , on the part of the British troops , not