was not at war with other powers . Their lordships knew the magnitude of the effort she had made , and had seen the triumph of British valour , science , skill and perseverance . The result must shew what may be done when a people are determined to resist their invaders . The lose 766 of the peninsula he should deeply regret , as he must regret the failure of the efforts of any people desirous of preserving their independence . The result , he trusted , would shew , as far at least as Portugal was concerned , what a nation , animated by a right spirit , could effect , although for years past unaccustomed to war , and deprived of all advantage of military experience . If ever this country should be doomed to be the theatre of war , we might , learn from the privations , sufferings and sacrifices of the Portuguese nation , what we owed to ourselves . We suffered , indeed , from the inevitable evils of a state of hostilities , but we were yet free from all the worst evils of war . If the measures which had been so successfully adopted in Portugal had been the result of a wise calculation , and had been connected with a pure spirit of philanthropy , so were they also the cheapest and easiest mode of defending our own country , and of securing to us those blessings we yet peculiarly enjoy . He should not farther trespass on their lordships ' attention , but conclude with moving , '' That the Thanks of their lordships be given to lieut . gen. lord viscount Wellington , for the ability , fortitude and perseverance , which he had displayed in the important services he had performed , in the defence of Portugal against the enemy . '' rose , and said , that the motion of the noble lord had his most entire and full assent ; and though the noble lord , in the course of his speech , had omitted nothing that could illustrate the nature and extent of the services that had been performed , yet he could not sit silent on the occasion , impressed as he was with feelings of gratitude and admiration towards that great commander who was the subject of this vote , and deriving a just national pride from the consideration , that the honour of the country had been so greatly exalted by the conduct of that distinguished general and his brave army . There were also additional motives of imperative force and of a nature personal to himself , which induced him to feel anxious to follow the noble earl and to second the present motion . In proportion to the pain which he felt in withholding his assent to the vote of thanks on a former occasion , was the pleasure which he now experienced in contributing his mite of approbation for services , as to the merits and effects of which there could be no doubt , and which indeed could hardly be too highly appreciated . The noble lord had with his usual ability done ample justice to the merit of lord Wellington , and to the bravery of the troops which he commanded . He had listened to the speech of that noble lord with the sincerest pleasure ; and his thanks were particularly due to him for the candour which he had displayed , on this , as on every similar occasion , in avoiding the introduction of any invidious topics , and omitting all allusion to any of those former differences of opinion , which might have tended to interrupt the unanimity that ought to prevail on such an occasion . There was one point , however , on which on that occasion he ( lord Grey ) felt it impossible to be silent ; and that was , the apparent contrast , or contradiction , as some might call it , between the sentiments which he had now delivered , and the opinions which he had expressed on former occasions , when the nature and