before the House will proceed upon any motions of which notices shall be entered in the order book . '' thought the object of the House would be better accomplished by a general understanding among themselves . The existing rules of practice had been adopted after long experience ; and they should not be hastily altered without full and urgent proof of the superiority of the plan proposed to be substituted . He was strongly of opinion , that the Resolution would have the effect of infringing one of those points of privilege , peculiarly important to the duties of every member , and to the interests of the country . observed , that the ancient orders of the House were all intended for the furtherance of public business . He believed that on some former occasion the House had adopted a rule in which the principle of the Resolution was recognised , that of refusing to receive motions after a certain hour . ascribed the inconvenience sustained to two causes : first , to the great accumulation of business ; and , secondly , to the delay in bringing forward the ordinary official business till the session was far advanced . conceived either of the modes proposed would attain the necessary object , but said , if a division was pressed , he would vote for the Resolution . objected to the Resolution , and considered that the duration of the session had been of late years too much limited . declared his dissent from both of the modes proposed . The portion of the week chimed by the minister was 108 much too large , and curtailed greatly the space allotted for the discussion of all the multifarious relations of national policy . Neither could he approve of rashly breaking in upon the old established usages of parliament . Mr. Burke had said , that forms were the entrenchments of minorities , but if the Resolution were carried , the minister , indeed , would be fortified , but his adversaries completely disarmed . It went to deprive the House of its vitality , and to make four days in the week , days of registration , to the exclusion possibly of the most momentous questions . Supposing other times to exist , and a bad minister and a bad parliament to be co-operating , they might carry all before them through the medium of the forms of the House . He therefore moved that the debate be adjourned to Monday . After a short conversation , it was agreed to defer the consideration of the question till Tuesday next . thought it right to call the attention of the House to a point which he conceived to be of considerable importance , relating to the case of the Berkeley Peerage . In all questions of this nature , it was the practice of the House to give notice to the person who had the semblance of right to the Peerage claimed , in case the actual claimant did not make good his claim , in order that he might appoint some one to attend at the bar , to take care of his interests . In the present case , the person who would be entitled , if the now claimant to the Berkeley Peerage did not make good his claim , namely , the son of the second marriage , in fact was a minor , and could not , therefore , legally appoint any one to take care of his interests , and lady Berkeley was appointed his guardian . Lady Berkeley was anxious that what was right should be done , and as it was highly desirable that her ladyship should be relieved from the peculiarly difficult situation in which she would stand between the interests of her two sons , he . suggested that the most satisfactory course would be to address his royal highness the Prince Regent to direct one of the law officers of the crown to attend at the bar , to take care of the interests of this younger son . His lordship concluded by giving notice of his