in which his abuse was so little measured as to occasion the Lords to address the queen to prosecute him ; and from that time to his death , he was in the hands of the Attorney General for different publications . The selection of these two authors by the Committee is the more extraordinary , as there were twenty or thirty other pamphlets written about the same time on exchanges , coin ; & c. some of them by men of great ability and experience . 863 from their discounting paper at an interest below that generally paid by persons borrowing : in which disapprobation I concur . But I am desirous here of saying a word in extenuation of answers given suddenly on points which witnesses have not been previously apprized that they were to be examined upon : I mean that if the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank had been apprised of the question respecting their discounting at low interest , they would have given a different answer ; which I am led to believe from a conversation with the former . I return however to Mr. Godfrey , whose performance , so recommended to our notice , savours a little of the hand-bill of a mountebank , holding out temptations , eventually ruinous to the Bank itself , to draw customers to it from all the private goldsmiths or bankers . At a time when the established interest of money was six per cent . Mr. Godfrey published that the Bank lent money on mortgage at five , and on foreign bills at four and a half per cent . ; to those who kept cash with them , at three per cent . ; and that they discounted inland bills generally at six , but to customers at four and a half per cent. , for which bankers were in the habit of taking from nine to ten per cent . He added that they would open a lombard to the poor at one penny per month , instead of sixpence or a shilling , as was usually paid ; and that in a few years they would reduce the interest of money to three per cent. , in which they failed so entirely that there was no alteration in it till 1714 , when it was lowered to five per cent . The real causes of the distressed situation of the Bank at the time in question were the loans advanced by them on securities of every sort , and the consequent delay of repayments ; together with the loss which they sustained by taking at par the clipped silver , diminished nearly one half , ( there being a deficiency of 107,647 oz . on an amount of 57,200l . ) and by the melting of the new silver after it was coined . So much for the value of Mr. Godfrey 's information . The Committee proceed to observe , `` At this time there appears to have been no failure in the public confidence in the funds of the Bank ; for its stock sold at 110 per cent. , though only 60 per cent . upon the subscriptions had been paid in.—By the conjoint effect of this depreciation of the paper of the Bank from excess , and of the depreciation of the silver coin 864 from wear and clipping , the price of gold bullion was so much raised , that guineas were as high as thirty shillings ; all that had remained of good silver gradually disappeared from the circulation , and the exchange with Holland , which had been before a little affected by remittances for the army , sunk as low as 25 per cent . under par when the bank-notes were at a discount of 17 per cent . `` —I beg particular attention to what follows : `` Several expedients were tried , both by parliament and by the Bank , to force a better silver coin into circulation , and to reduce the price of guineas , but without effect . '' This is the positive evidence on which I rely