and Bombay , or which have been acted upon by the governments there without being promulgated , or which have been sent to India by the Court of Directors , or by the Board of Controul , '' would state , as shortly as possible , the reasons which made him feel it his duty to oppose the motion of the noble lord . The noble lord had founded his proposition on two distinct grounds ; the one , certain proceedings which took place in the courts of Madras two years ago ; the other , the general principles respecting the press , which , in his lordship 's opinion , applied equally to this country and to India . With respect to the first of these grounds , he had to complain of the noble lord for introducing the subject on the present occasion ; the House being aware that the whole of the proceedings on the trials at Madras were already ordered to be laid on the table , till which period any agitation of the question was premature with respect to the general reasoning , the noble lord , while he professed not to found his motion on any condemnation of the regulations by which the press was restrained in India , asserted that any restraint on the liberty of the press in India was improper . [ Lord A. Hamilton observed , that he had not said so . ] Such was certainly the impression made on his mind by the remarks of the noble lord . As to the liberty of the press , surely no man could be so wild as seriously to entertain an opinion that the principles which were applicable to that liberty in England were alike applicable to it in India . The noble lord asked for the rules which existed on the subject . Now really , with the exception of the regulations regarding newspapers , which the noble lord had read , he did not believe there existed any written regulations respecting the press in India . He would , however , ask , the noble lord , whether he thought it would be wise to sanction the unrestrained publication of all matters whatever in the newspapers of India ? [ Lord A. Hamilton : '' No , but no censorship . `` ] —Without some censorship there would be danger . Could any thing be considered more perilous than to spread opinions of all kinds whatever throughout the whole of Hindostan ? A government that permitted such a practice would be most negligent and unjustifiable . Let it be recollected , that no European could be in India but either in the service of the company or by the licence of the company . Was it not perfectly just , therefore , to say to an individual there—to a printer , for instance , at Madras , `` If you do not conform to the regulations of the government , you must withdraw from India . '' Suppose a clerk in 467 any office in this country were to become the editor of a newspaper , he would be perfectly justified in doing so ; but would not the person by whom he was employed be justified in saying , '' I do not choose that you should thus occupy yourself , and you must therefore quit my service . '' The cases were strictly analogous ; for this was all that was declared by the government of India . To give the House some idea of the extent of the evil which might result from unrestrained freedom of the press in India , he would mention a circumstance that had occurred since his accession to office : —It had come to the knowledge of government that certain persons , actuated doubtlessly by the most laudable intentions , had caused to be printed , for the purpose of dissemination among the natives of India , a treatise , containing animadversions of the most severe nature on the religion and customs of the natives . Now as it was the substratum of the British government in India to uphold