, indeed , have come to parliament for a remedy ; but the question was , whether , when such was the opinion of the physicians , they would not , by taking the executive authority out of the hands of the Sovereign , have done an act tantamount to a dethronement of the King . No unnecessary or unbecoming precaution characterised the administration : but still though on the 22d and 27th of February the King was declared competent—though the same opinion was given on the 4th and 5th of March , yet they did not proceed to act on it without first examining all the physicians before the cabinet ) and getting it medically confirmed . Then the commission and the sign manual were taken . It was not true , as had been asserted by the hon . gent. , that the lord chancellor was the only person , up to the 23d of April , who had access to his Majesty . As the situation which he ( lord Castlereagh ) then held was rather of a parliamentary character , he himself did not see the King ; but lord Sid mouth had seen him on the 19th of March . Lord Sidmouth , then chancellor of the exchequer , had attended his Majesty on the 19th of March , with official papers to be signed by the King , and thought his Majesty fully competent to transact business , as the physicians had stated . The next act was the commission for passing bills on the 23d of March ; at which day , Dr. Heberden , taking his evidence altogether , had declared that his Majesty was most fully competent . On the 26th of March , a message had been 76 brought to the House respecting the Irish Militia , the physicians having declared , that he was perfectly capable of holding communication with his parliament . Thus , after all those individual acts , his Majesty came down at the close of the session , and made a speech from the throne . These acts and this evidence would , he thought , go to shew that the privy council had not acted from a spirit of any illicit purpose , but from a clear and confirmed consciousness of public duty . The principle of incapacitation to the extent contended for by the hon . gent . was perfectly monstrous on the face of it . The hon . gent . seemed to think that when once his Majesty 's malady Was established , though he might be declared capable of several acts , still he was not sane . In his opinion , this was going too far . His Majesty 's illness never had assumed that appearance of insanity ; it only amounted to a mental derangement . It was very true , that he might not have been in full health , nov was any other person in recovery from a severe illness ever in full health ; but then he was not thereby totally incapacitated . From a degree of fever , he might be subject to what the physicians denominated hurries ; but this could by no means be said to amount to a mental derangement . This was the evidence of Dr. Willis , who was particularly conversant in this species of disorder , and Dr. Reynolds also spoke to the same effect . The noble lord said , he had now laid the entire case before them , and he would submit to the House and the country , whether the government had not acted rightly , or , whether they had acted rashly without the consent and judgment of those medical men who might be best qualified to form an opinion on the subject Before he sat down , he must deprecate singling out any particular minister as the object of accusation . They were all equally responsible , and an hair of lord Kidon 's head should not be touched without himself suffering in an equal degree . It would be presumptuous in him to say what line the House ought to take