lord Fingal was prominently loyal . How much would your exterminators have given that lord Fingal were arrayed against the laws that they should be able to say , they had caught in the fact of treason , all our virtues and all our pride ! In that crisis of sorrow and of infamy , you will find lord Fingal ; the man of the people ; you will find him , after the battle at Tara , petitioning quarter for the men against whom he had fought ; you will find him petitioning for the best of men , and the most obnoxious to those exterminators—for the venerable Broughall , now no more , and for him whose presence would give honour to this meeting , of which he is a part—for James Dixon . You will find , that if he assumed the livery of your oppressors , it was chiefly that he might save or intercede for the oppressed . ' [ Some gentlemen asked Mr . Pole across the table , from which , paper he had read this extract ? He replied , either-front the Evening Post or the livening Herald , he believed it was from the latter paper , and he was sure the gentlemen . on the other side would not dispute its authenticity . ] Up to this time no step had been taken 293 by the government of Ireland ; they had cherished the expectation , that any interference on their part would have been unnecessary ; but the fallacy of that hope began to manifest itself . The government was assailed on all sides by the peaceable and loyal people of Ireland , to take some steps to avert the dangerous consequences with which the proceedings of this Committee threatened the country . I hope , Sir , that in the tedious , but necessary detail which I have gone through , I have convinced the House of the great difference which subsisted between the principles and conduct of the Committee of 1809 and the Committee of 1810 . The conduct of the latter certainly did cause great uneasiness to the government of Ireland , and to all loyal men . Representations poured in from all parts of the country ; and the lenity and forbearance of the lord lieutenant was loudly censured . Thus it appeared , that the Irish government were censured by one set of men for severity , and by another for its forbearance . But I submit it to the candour of this House and the public , whether , under the circumstances I have stated , the lord lieutenant appears to have acted towards the Catholics with rigor ; or whether he has taken any measures whatever , to prevent them from exercising the just right which they possessed , of petitioning Parliament , or his Majesty , or the Regent , on the subject of their claims ? I am apprehensive that the lord lieutenant was rather liable to the contrary imputation . It may be so . In my conscience , however , I believe that his grace has acted wisely ; and I have the satisfaction of knowing , that the advice I felt it my duty to give the lord lieutenant on the occasion , met with the entire approbation of the lord chancellor and the attorney general of Ireland . Many had been the consultations of the Irish cabinet with respect to the propriety of an application to the British cabinet for instructions ; but the result of their deliberations always was , that it was better to go as far as the public peace would permit , without any interference of authority . But , Sir , I really am at a loss to determine , from the speech of the right hon . and learned gent. , whether the Irish government are , upon the present occasion , to be attacked for their lenity or for their harshness . Some hon . gentlemen seemed to wish to accuse them of both . I am sure , however , that my right hon . friend opposite to