with commodities : these two kinds both take place at home ; but now we have one which happens abroad—a depreciation compared with the money of foreign countries . This is never hinted at in the Report , which dwells largely upon one or the other , or both of the two senses which I have mentioned . The Bullion Committee are resolved to have depreciation ; give them but depreciation , no matter what it means . But what is the real meaning of a depreciation compared with the money of foreign countries ; and has it ( I ask with all submission ) any meaning at all ? No man ever Supposed English Bank-notes were exchangeable for foreign money abroad , or before this Resolution thought of saying they were depreciated because not so exchangeable . The same thing is equally true of English guineas . It may indeed be said , that when the exchange with Hamburgh , for instance , is at thirty-six , the money of Hamburgh loses when compared with the money of England ; and that when the exchange is at thirty , the money of England loses when compared with the money of Hamburgh ; and this loss is , I suppose , what the Resolution calls depreciation . If this is the meaning of the phrase , and I can extract no other from it , it amounts to 952 nothing more than a different expression for an unfavourable exchange ; and for such a definition of exchange I need only refer to the hon . gent . near me ( Mr. H. Thornton ) : `` What '' said that hon . gent . `` do we mean by the rate of the ex changes ? We mean the rate at which the circulating medium of this kingdom passes in exchange for the circulating medium of other countries . '' The true sense of this bugbear Resolution : is then only this , that part of the fall of the ex change is owing to causes , about which we art perfectly agreed , and to which in deed , I , in common with the witnesses , attribute the whole of it ; but that in great part it is produced by nothing but the fall of the exchange itself : a mode of reasoning , which I am sure the learned chairman of the Bullion Committee is too good a logician , deliberately to defend , though he may have been inadvertently led into it by the indistinctness of his own expressions . With regard to the fourteenth Resolution , I should think the ambiguity of it , a sufficient reason for its rejection . It imposes a solemn duty on the Directors of the Bank ; but instead of letting them know what that duty is , it leaves them to guess at it as they can . It directs them `` to advert to the state of the foreign ex changes , as well as to the price of bullion , with a view to regulate the amount of their issues ; '' but it does not tell them , whether in any given case ( suppose when the exchange falls ) , they are to diminish or to increase their issues . Now a precise direction was the more necessary , because the governor and deputy governor of the Bank tell you in their evidence , that in their opinion , the issues of the Bank have no effect upon the exchange . And , in deed , I can trace no connexion between them in examining the accounts upon the table . We have seen the course of ex change both rise and fall , when there was an increased issue of bank-notes ; we have seen the same circumstances take place when the issue was diminished ; therefore , if the exchange is affected , which may be doubtful , by the issue of bank-notes , it is certainly not governed by it . I should , however , equally object to the Resolution , if it were made , as it ought