real fact was not that the Bank had issued more notes than were necessary , but that they had issued more than their credit would bear . Now , what were ' the remedies ? First , the coinage . The new coinage certainly did turn the balance of exchange in our favour , because almost the whole of it immediately found its way out of the country . In three years not a shilling of it was left in the kingdom ; and he begged to observe , that this new coinage cost no less than between two and three millions . The other remedy applied was the diminution of the Bank notes . Now , what was the fact ? The capital of the Bank-originally was 1,200,000l . ; in order to ' relieve its embarrassments , the capital was augmented to two millions , and the subscription for the additional 800,000l . was to be paid four-fifihs in Exchequer tallies , and one fifth in Bank notes : so far , therefore , the gentlemen were right ; one fifth of '' the value of 800,000l . in notes was taken out of circulation : but by the very same operation the Bank were authorised to issue 800,000l . in fresh notes , so that the diminution of paper , which had produced such beneficial effects , consisted in withdrawing about 160,000l . worth of notes , and issuing fresh ones to the value of 800,000l. ! This was the precedent which the Committee had recommended to be followed in the present instance , for the purpose of diminishing the quantity of paper in circulation ! [ The right hon . gent . then read an extract from Tindal 's continuation of Rapin 's History of England , which stated that the great commercial embarrassments in the reign of king William had been relieved by an issue of paper . He then took a view of the case of Ireland in 1804 , which had been so often alluded to . The evil then complained of arose , not from excess of paper , but from a want of confidence . That it was not the effect of an excess of paper was proved , by the circumstance of it being cured before any diminution of paper had taken place . Subsequently , there was a small diminution in the paper currency , and then the exchange became unfavourable to Ireland . He did not mean to say that this was caused by the reduction of paper , though afterwards , when the issues of paper increased , the exchange was greatly recovered . From 1074 the view which he took of the subject , he apprehended that there could be nothing found in the three cases mentioned , those of the Bank of Ireland , the Bank of France , and the Bank of England , that could encourage them to adopt the line of conduct recommended by the Committee . It was quite impossible for him to go through all the points on which he could wish to speak : he therefore would confine himself merely to those which it might seem improper for him to pass by Adverting to what had been said with respect to the dollars , he wished to know what those who censured the late proceeding were of opinion should have been done on such an occasion ? That a something was necessary to be done , he believed no one could deny ; and he had no hesitation in saying that the measure adopted was wisely preferred to any other . On the subject of the exchanges , there was one point which he wished to bring before the Committee . How was it possible the principle of the Bullion Committee could be right , namely , that the excess and depreciation of Bank paper could occasion all the difficulties which had occurred within the few years which had elapsed since the passing of the Bank Restriction Act That Act , as they all knew , was made in 1797 . No alteration in the exchange was felt for