was the means of bringing forward an armed peasantry , who may well be styled the great defensive mass of the country . The more the line of policy which had been pursued was considered , the more its advantages would appear . An organized militia was established , which could act in co-operation with a regular and powerful army stationed in a central situation , and opposed to the main body of the enemy 's force . The advantages derivable from such a military system of defence or annoyance were reciprocal . Such different descriptions of force operated in favour of each other , and thus a two-fold advantage was obtained over the enemy . A question , indeed , might be started , or rather a point to be considered , was , what had been the result ? To this he had to answer , that it was undeniable that the country had been hitherto successfully maintained against the military power of the enemy . Under all these circumstances , a doubt could never have been entertained as to the general policy of defending Portugal . She had made every effort on her part ; and on every principle of national honour and sound policy , she should have the aid of our utmost efforts . To look further at this part of the question , he observed he had never heard any person deny that the defence of Portugal was at the same time also a main instrument for the defence of the whole Peninsula ; neither could it be denied that from such a quarter we could act with the greatest advantage in case of any great or favourable event occurring ill Spain . The only remaining question to be considered , then , was , whether the proposed aid towards the defence of Portugal should be continued , or whether—he would not use a stronger term—we should with an untimely hand , after rousing the slumbering energies of this people , damp the spirit which had been thus created , instead of feeding it , and renewing its vigour ? —whether we should not stimulate the exertions , encourage the hopes and furnish aid to the patriotic efforts of a country nobly struggling for her independence ? —whether we should not lend her additional assistance to strengthen and invigorate those powers which already exist , and are in a train of success , to improve those great and incalculable advantages , which such a 450 train of circumstances and such a state of things naturally and obviously present ? There undoubtedly would be many occasions for regularly and fully discussing the whole of this important subject , and for such discussions no man could be more anxious than himself . But in addition to the various other reasons for the adoption of the measure in question , he must advert to that unanswerable consideration , that it had stood the test of experience , and proved its merits . We were bound therefore , equally in interest and in honour , to continue our assistance . There remained now only one other point upon which he would trouble their lordships . It was to be recollected that his Royal Highness had , through his commissioners , expressed his desire to hand over to his Royal Father on his happy restoration , which he trusted in God might speedily take place , every part of the system of government , every branch of national policy , and every description of public affairs , unimpaired , and in the same state in which he had received them , unaltered and undiminished . On every ground , therefore , whether referring to the glory , the honour , or the interest of the country , their lordships , he trusted , would feel it incumbent on them to concur with him in the address he should have the honour to propose . The Noble Marquis then moved an Address to the Prince Regent , corresponding with his Royal Highness 's message , and assuring him of the concurrence of the House in enabling his Royal Highness to