detached themselves from their connections , and abandoned all views from the prosecution of professions , it must be obvious that they were entitled to some provision after the cessation of their services , or in the interval of non-employments . As it was necessary to hold out encouragement to persons of a liberal education and accomplishments to undertake 186 this office , it became the consideration of parliament in 1782 , and they then made provision for them . The words of the act of last session introduced a change of policy , and lessened the encouragement which parliament had pledged themselves to bestow upon such individuals . No person could now engage in this branch of public service without being independent ; but he submitted to the House whether it could be just to apply the provisions of that act to persons who had actually been in that employment previous to its passing . They , perhaps , would not have accepted of their situations , if they had not expected remuneration for their meritorious services . As that act might disappoint their just expectations , he thought that it ought to be explained and amended upon that point to which he had alluded . seconded the motion . said , he could not at present approve of this bill , and although he would not oppose the motion , should take a future opportunity of stating his sentiments . He protested against the argument that the act of 1732 , held out a pledge by parliament to persons in the diplomatic service , that could not with justice be altered . If such a principle were to be carried into all the branches of the public service , it would be opposing all beneficial regulations . thought it would not be proper to provide pensions for those who under took the diplomatic department , merely for a year or two , but it would be desirable to provide public remuneration for those who devoted themselves entirely to that line , and therefore a specific time should be mentioned . thought that this was a matter which ought to be left to the government of the country , so that they might remunerate persons according to their deserts . was of opinion that the bill brought in last session was extremely proper , as it guarded the public rights , and ought not to be altered . , in pursuance of his notice , rose to move for a committee to inquire into the expediency of the erection of Penitentiary Houses . He assured an hon . and learned gent . opposite ( sir S. Romilly ) , who first brought the subject before the House , that much as he differed with him 187 on other subjects , he most cordially agreed with him on this . Desirable , however , as the measure must be allowed to be , gentlemen , he was persuaded , would feel the necessity of investigating the subject by a committee , before the House proceeded to an undertaking which would cost a very large sum of money , and he therefore moved , `` That a committee be appointed to consider the expediency of erecting a Penitentiary House or Penitentiary Houses , under the acts of the 34th and 19th of his present Majesty ; and to report , in case they should deem the adoption of the measure now referred to them beneficial , whether any additional provision would be wanted for the same , and what number of individuals that house or those houses should be calculated to receive . '' would not oppose the motion , though he was still of opinion , that on a subject clear almost to demonstration , an address to the crown at once would be the preferable proceeding . As a committee was to be appointed , however , he thought the objects of their inquiry should be more extensive . He would have then investigate the comparative advantages of confinement in penitentiary houses with imprisonment in the hulks , and transportation to New South Wales . It might turn out