counties in Ireland , and thus solemnly to authenticate it to the imperial parliament ; or to ascertain , on the contrary , through the same organ , whether the petition should proceed or not . The noble secretary of state had mis-stated the general feeling of the Catholic body on the subject of the petition , and the grounds on which they proceeded . But this was no common question , and the manifesto of Mr. Secretary Pole was no common paper . He would ask their lordships what was the object of this extraordinary instrument ? Was it intended to prevent the Catholic body from stating their grievances intumultuously ? What were they to do ? What did their lordships wish them to do ? Would they prevent a temperate petition , in order to substitute an open rebellion ? The Catholics of Ireland had humbly stated what it was lawful for them to state . They were debarred from any other legal mode of redress , and they resorted to that which alone was open to them . They knew that every great privilege was taken from them : they had their eyes fixed with watchful attention on the Convention Act ; they had exerted the utmost precaution that their petition should be decorously and properly drawn up : it was their object not to contravene the letter or the spirit of the law . It had been said to them , in a warning voice , `` Guard yourselves against the common enemies of his Majesty 's Catholic subjects ; we suppose that the right of petitioning is not taken from you ; exercise it therefore , but exercise it with caution , for the eyes of government are upon you . '' Such was the spirit in which the Catholics of Ireland had acted ; and he appealed to the sense of the House whether they had not acted in conformity with the letter of the 16 law and the spirit of the constitution . If their lordships looked back to the origin of this Convention Act , they would see that it ought to be considered as inapplicable to the case in which it was now resorted to ; for the Catholics of Ireland had petitioned Parliament previous to its enactment : their rights were recognized : their petition was recommended by the government of Ireland , and a remedial statute was passed in compliance with the prayer of that petition ; thus sanctioning the mode of obtaining redress , against which this Convention Act was now directed . Would not the recent proceeding , then , afford the Catholics of Ireland room to say they were a marked and proscribed people ? that they were the watch-word of a `` No Popery '' administration ? This line of conduct and language with respect to them , was very different from the nature and character of the proceedings which formerly took place , even in the parliament of Ireland , in their favour , when their case was duly noticed in a speech from the throne , and high remedial statutes passed in their behalf . He deprecated , therefore , most strongly , the line of policy which his Majesty 's ministers adopted , with respect to no fewer than four millions of the subjects of their common sovereign , in whose ear , he was afraid , much misrepresentation , with respect to them had been poured . The statutes of which they laboured to procure a repeal , were a disgrace to the statute book ; and to prevent their endeavours to obtain this laudable end the paper in question was calculated . It was expressly intended , to prevent his Majesty 's Catholic subjects of Ireland from doing that to which all the King 's subjects in common had a legal and constitutional right , namely , to petition for a redress of their grievances . In whatever view he considered this act , he could only look upon it as a statute equally oppressive and disgraceful—as a sacrifice made by parliament to the inclination and the prejudices of a