am obliged to make in a narrative of this description , does not bear with it a criticism or an attack upon lord Wellington 's military conduct . The time is not yet come , the documents are not yet arrived , to enable me or the House to form a complete judgment on the subject of the present campaign . We are , unfortunately , only favoured with extracts of the noble lord 's letters , from whence we can not derive much information . In short , the name of the commander in chief can no more be omitted , than the names of Cato or Hamlet , in the representations of those dramatic productions.—The campaign of 1810 opened by the approach of the contending armies , under the direction and command of lord Wellington and marshal Massena , to the frontier of Spain . The former had , according to the best accounts I could obtain , a British force , of artillery , cavalry , and infantry , nearly amounting to 34,000 men . Marshal Beresford , who commanded the organized Anglo-Portuguese troops , had assembled about 20,000 of that nation , in the neighbourhood of lord Wellington 's army ; and this whole force was subject to the orders and control of the noble lord.—About the time of the appointment of marshal Massena to the command of the army destined for the invasion of Portugal , marshal Ney was employed in collecting and preparing magazines of every description , to enable the French to undertake the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo.—The impediments to warfare , of every description , in the neighbourhood of Salamanca , where depots were to be created , have been described in the papers placed on the table of this House . Sir John Moore and the British army had experienced these difficulties , on their first arrival in Spain , although the country had not at that period 199 been impoverished by the troops of allies or enemies . The season of the year , likewise , in addition to the other difficulties , seemed to oppose an insuperable barrier to the design of the enemy . It can not escape military notice , that the spring is more disadvantageous for the collection of subsistence titan the autumn , when the harvest is stored . This was the precise time , however , when the enemy collected magazines for the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo , and it is quite evident that the country was compelled to supply the demands and wants of the French , with respect to subsistence , as the transport of heavy cannon and military stores would require all the horses and carriages , both Spanish and French , within the grasp of the power of the latter , in order to advance so formidable an undertaking . For the defence of this fortress , the Spaniards made preparations , the works were inspected , the artillery placed upon the ramparts , and some select regiments of the Spanish line composed the garrison , which was expected to resist the effort of the assailants , according to the report which we received from the Lisbon Gazettes , for a considerable time . In the sort of narrative which I am now giving to the committee , which it is equally difficult and delicate for an English officer to attempt if I wish that narrative to be worthy of attention , I must describe the military events which present themselves , without any bias or partiality , and by adhering as closely to the line of truth as the present materials will allow me to discover it , give a faithful delineation of the facts . As the obstacles which presented themselves to the enemy were of no common description , great expectations were created by the reports of the day , and the newspapers of this country , that the enemy would fail in the enterprise commenced . For , in looking at the investiture of Ciudad Rodrigo , the local disadvantages , with regard to subsistence and the roads , were not the only impediments in the