had insinuated an intention of proposing , an alteration in the standard of our money . With respect to the right honourable gentleman , I believe I may venture to affirm , that the idea is utterly unfounded ; and with regard to myself , I can assure the House that I should be a most determined adversary to any such proposition . During the existence of a public debt , the alteration of the standard of money would be an act of bankruptcy , and a direct fraud on the public creditor as well as every private creditor ; and if time admitted of going into the discussion , I could prove it to be an act of useless and unprofitable injustice , productive of no advantages whatever to the state . My second Proposition is intended to correct an error of my learned friend , respecting the nature of the promissory notes issued by the Bank . He has attempted , without the slightest foundation , to establish an opinion , that the value of Bank-notes was to be measured by the price of standard bullion . I propose , in answer to this opinion , to declare , that they are representatives of legal coin , and of nothing else—not more of bullion than of any other commodity . But it is also 958 due , in justice to the Bank , to declare , what is perfectly true , that it was for a century always ready strictly to execute its engagements , and has been prevented from continuing to do so , not by any act of its own , but by the interposition of the legislature . For it must be recollected , that the restriction of cash payments was a measure of public policy , not a favour to the Bank . It was originally imposed , and has been since continued , for reasons connected with the safety of the state , and not upon any application of that corporation . And there is nothing in this or any other resolution which I shall propose , which can have the effect of preventing parliament from removing the restriction , whenever it may be compatible with the public safety to do so . I now come to the third Proposition , on which my learned friend has already thought fit to touch , and on which , as it involves the principal point of difference between the Committee and me , I can not but expect much discussion whenever it may come formally before the House . My first object in it is , to come to a clear and distinct understanding of the question with those gentlemen who maintain the depreciation of Bank notes . In the controversy which has taken place , the depreciation of Bank notes has been talked of in such a variety of sense ? , that though I am sure the phrase is extremely mischievous , and has done great injury to public credit , because I am certain that it is commonly understood , both at home and abroad , in one sense only , and that the most alarming of any , I do not know but that I may think the real meaning affixed to it by many of those who assert its existence perfectly innocent , and even by possibility , may agree with them . I have , therefore , so framed the Resolution , that every gentleman may , and ought to vote for it , who does not believe that Bank notes have lost their value in ordinary and legal transactions as compared with the current coin of the realm which they represent . Those who contend for the depreciation of Bank notes in any of the other fanciful senses which I have before had occasion to discuss , ought all to vote with me upon this question . And in that number I can not but hope to find the members of the Bullion Committee , who have by no means expressed a clear opinion in their Report that Bank notes have lost their relative value with reference to