deliver his opinion . After the most minute consideration of the 107th and 111th sections of the Act of 1793 , he must say , that the conduct of the East India company , and of the directors in particular , was perfectly correct in point of law , and justified in all its parts by the act of parliament . The grand fundamental principle which was to be considered by those who came to treat the question was , that the India system was the government of a great territory by a commercial company , audit was the right and duty of that commercial company to have their dividends paid out of the profits of their commerce . would not set about following the gentlemen who had already spoken on the other side of the House , as their information was so defective and their suppositions so extravagant . The hon . mover had told the company that they were beggars—all beggars—fifteen millions worse than nothing . How extravagant ! That hon . gent . would perhaps have no objection to some of their stock , or a few of their India bonds , beggars as they were ; or , whatever his contempt for them might be , he would not dislike a few of their acres of territory . said shortly , that the distresses of the company arose out of their extravagance , in speculations of trade , and their wasteful mode of raising money . He then proceeded to detail some of the modes adopted for the circulation of the company 's bills in India , and ended by saying , that the directors would have to provide for twelve millions of bills in the course of the present year . said , that the territorial expences of the company naturally absorbed a portion of their commercial profits ; but under all the disadvantages of late years , the company were bound to pay their dividend , and by so doing benefit the public service at the same time . had heard nothing to convince him of his error . He had been charged with misconceiving the law and the fact . But for the fact , he had only taken the documents that were on their table . He found a learned member ( Mr. Adam ) agreeing with him that the company were entitled to pay a dividend only out of their profits ; so that finally he had for his fact the secretary of the directors , unless they chose to disown their secretary 's act ; and for his law , he had the authority of the counsel to the board . By the documents signed by the secretary , the company were certainly fifteen millions worse than nothing . But it would be expedient to know if any case on the subject had been submitted to that learned counsel , and if it were , it ought to be laid before the House , as , on a subject of such high importance , they could not have too much information . wished to know , before the motion was put , whether the minister did not intend to give notice to apprise the House of the expiration of the company 's charter . replied , that proper notice would be given . , pursuant to notice , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to explain and amend so much of the act of last session as related to the granting of pensions to ministers who might have served his majesty at foreign courts . The grounds upon which he brought forward his motion were few and simple . It must be obvious , that diplomatic appointments , though the situations were high and honourable , were not sought after by persons to whom the revenue of office was indifferent . There might have been some exceptions , but in general such offices were courted as likely to afford an honourable provision . The revenue enjoyed during service afforded no fund for future provision , and when it was considered that persons holding diplomatic appointments uniformly