contrary , from the highest to the lowest they most conscientiously discharged their duty . The Lord Chancellor , with the most scrupulous attention to the interests of the public , selected the most respectable men to fill the offices . But though the head of that court were the most upright and conscientious judge that ever sat there , yet it was possible that solicitors might not be the most active . It was therefore the duty of the legislature to supply the deficiency , and appoint one or two more judges to dispose of the business . He trusted that it could not be said , that in moving for a committee he was running a race with the House of Lords . No such thing . All he wished was , that the House would , by the appointment of a committee , ascertain what number of appeals were really before the Lords , which they might learn by inspecting the Journals of that House—that being done , he would next desire that the committee should ascertain what number of causes had been disposed of in the court of Chancery in the last five years . This was the object which he had in view , and it was not an answer to him to say that it had been made in another place fourteen days ago . He did assure the House , that he never had a Chancery suit , nor would he have one . He would rather put up with the loss of 2 or 3,000l . than run the risk of a decision.—The hon . 265 gent . then moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords , to ascertain the number of Appeals now before that House , and to report the same to this House . '' The next motion which the hon . gent . had to make , he observed , was to ascertain the number of motions and questions decided and heard in the court of Chancery during the last five years , and the arrears of business in that court . On the question being put , said , he was disposed to give the hon . gentleman the fullest credit for the principle on which he had acted , in bringing the subject under the consideration of the House ; but he did not see that even if the motion were acceded to , the object which he had in view would be obtained , and therefore he did not conceive there was any ground for entertaining it . At the same time , while he admitted that the bon . gentleman had used great candour in his speech , he could not deny that great grievances did exist ; that there was a deficiency in the power of administering justice in various points , and , consequently , that it became the duty of the legislature to see that deficiency supplied . But when he stated thus much , he must also observe , that this increase in the business of the courts arose principally from the opulence of the country . The House would keep in mind the particular points of jurisdiction to which the hon . gentleman had directed their attention in the first instance , namely , the number of appeals undecided in the other House . That being the first of the grievances complained of , the subject had been taken up by that House , and more correctly so than by this House . It would therefore , in his opinion , be advisable at least to wait and see what course that House would pursue on the subject . With respect to arrears of cases in the court of Chancery , when it was recollected , that in the House of Lords the noble lord who presided , also sat in the court of Chancery , the best course to pursue would be to ascertain , in the first instance , in what way the cases of appellants might be accelerated , so as to administer strict justice ;