a subject too delicate to be touched . He referred to the act lately passed , the provisions of which were not adequate to the purpose for which it was intended , as it was a notorious fact that seats in that House had been sold since . The only change it effected was that of sending the purchaser to the principal , and taking the traffic out of the hands of subordinate agents . The penalties attached to selling seats were now sufficient , but the difficulty of detecting them was still great ; to remedy which he would propose , that those persons who had been bribed , and who came forward as evidence against the briber , should be indemnified against all consequences . He had seen members of that House give evidence against those they bribed . Another principle which he thought it would be right to adopt was , that of enabling a committee of that House to compel an answer to its questions , even from persons who were themselves concerned . The third provision 501 was , that the petitioners might be examined ; for as the law now stood , a man had only to sign his name to the Petition , and he could not be prosecuted . He would also propose that the petitioners should give security , not only for the due prosecution of the Petition , but for the defraying of the expence . And , lastly , he would recommend that the right of petition should be thrown open to every one . There were instances in which those who had signed petitions to that House did not pay the expences , and to remedy this and the presenting of frivolous and vexatious petitions , it was his intention to provide in another Bill , that they should enter into a bond for 500l . each . If the House was of opinion , that bribery should be kept out of sight , he was sorry they had agreed to the act , which was passed two years ago ; for that was a pledge to the country , that they would investigate and prevent it . They knew , however , what had happened since , and the conclusions that were drawn from the exposure of a traffic from which , as it had been strongly and wisely said , our ancestors would have `` startled with indignation . `` * He had been asked in private , whether he really wished to put an end to the sale of seats in Parliament ? he bad no hesitation to state , that he certainly did ; and he thought it wiser to adopt measures which would prevent the recurrence of such acts , than selecting instances for prosecution , which were the more excusable , as the practice was general . He thought the best course for Parliament would be , disclaiming all wild theories , to set about the correction of the abuse ; but if they refused to look into it , the number of the discontented , he feared , would be greatly increased . said that nothing but a plan founded on a comprehensive view of the subject could possibly do any good . He had no hopes from such partial measures as the present . The effect of them would be nothing else than to throw the monopoly of the purchase of seats into the hands of the Treasury . He was convinced his hon . friend would some time feel the difficulty of doing any good by applying partial remedies to a general evil . To the constitution alone they must look in devising a general remedy com- * See the . Speech of the right hon . the Speaker , on Mr. Curwen 's Reform Bill , vol . 14 , p. 837 . 502 mensurate with the evil . Into this , how ever , he would not enter at present , as after the Easter recess he intended to propose a general measure . The present measure would only be dangerous and mischievous . His hon .