given up his author . Not , Sir , that I am by any means disposed to complain of this lenity : but why has it not been followed in other cases ? And why did not the Attorney General uniformly act upon the same principle ? The libel in the Morning Post appeared first in that paper , and was so far its original production . Besides the editor had given notice that he should defend it , and had so far fathered it . But although Mr. Cobbett on his trial , declared himself the sole author and proprietor of his paper , and declared the printer and publishers , as , in a certain sense , merely his servants , that declaration did not avail them , and they were all punished together . In the case of The Statesman , a paper which has attracted notice by its opposition to Ministers , the Libel for which the editor is now in Newgate , was copied from a Manchester paper , with the name of the author subscribed , and yet Mr. Lovell , the proprietor of the Statesman , has been found guilty and sent to prison ; and no proceedings , I believe , have been commenced against the Author , or against the Editors of the Manchester paper . Sir , there are cases without end upon this subject . The Messrs. Hunts , the proprietors of the Examiner , have been acquitted in Westminster , on the very same Libel for which Mr. Drakard has been found guilty at Lincoln . There may have been the difference of a few words in the two Libels , but I am sure the learned gentleman will not descend to the chicanery of drawing any distinction between them . At Lincoln , Mr. Drakard has been prosecuted for endeavouring to excite mutiny among the soldiers , while the proprietor of a London paper , the Courier , is permitted to go unpunished , after having asserted in so many words , that the soldiery are , every man of them , out of the pale of the British Constitution ! ( Hear ! hear ! ) Of this partiality it 565 is , Sir , that I complain . At the time that discussions were going on in this House respecting the Duke of York , many Informations were filed against different individuals , which were afterwards withdrawn . As to the matters which those publications contained , it was then , and still continues to be , my opinion , that they were fully proved in evidence at the bar of this House . The Attorney General , however , has thought proper to abstain from the further prosecution of those Libels , and yet the individuals against whom he had filed those Informations were put to great hardships and serious expence , and had no means by which they might obtain redress . When the Attorney General first thought proper to file those Informations , it was on the ground that the holding up the Duke of York to contempt was lowering the respect due to the royal family , and a great offence against the state . The Duke of York was at that time Commander in Chief , part of the ministry , and of course supported the politics of the Learned Gentleman and his friends . At that period great respect was paid his Royal Highness 's character ; but it seems that that is no longer to be the case , the moment he ceases to espouse the politics of the Learned Gentleman and his friends . In proof of this , Sir , I shall take the liberty to read from a ministerial paper , called , The Courier , some observations made on the 31st of December last upon all the male branches of the royal family , in an article which the writer is pleased to designate by the term of `` The College of Princes : '' After commenting on this College , they say ; `` This is a new class , a new estate