fairly conclusive upon the point in question , unless that diminution or increase were accompanied by a variation of its value . Whether that value has or has not varied , is therefore the sole question . It is the point from which we must return . And as it is one which is capable of being either proved or disproved directly ; they who argue about it analogically , instead of directly , afford a strong indication of their own distrust in the soundness of their reasoning . That excessive issue has therefore been the cause of depreciation I entertain no doubt . And although for the reasons which l have given , I do not think it necessary to declare this fact in a distinct Resolution , I trust that the statement of principles in those Resolutions which precede , and those which follow , is sufficient to answer every practical purpose of such a declaration . The twelfth Resolution simply records a fact about which , there is no dispute—the unfavourable state of the exchanges . The thirteenth Resolution attributes this unfavourable state of the exchanges , in a great measure , to the depreciation of the relative , values of the currency of this country , as compared with that of other countries ; without however excluding the operation of other causes . The fourteenth declares it to be the duty of the Bank , under the present circumstances , to , take the state of foreign exchanges , as well as the price of bullion into their view regulating the amount of their issues . 1124 The twelfth Resolution requires no comment . To the thirteenth and fourteenth , however the right hon . gent . opposite me ( Air . Vansittart ) may object , my right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) must agree . He must agree at least , unless he thinks , cither that the depreciation of our paper currency is a good thing in itself ; or that , being an evil , it is productive of good by which it is more than counterbalanced . He must agree to these Resolutions ; for he admits that the reduction of the amount of Bank paper would have ; tendency to set right the exchanges . The state of the exchanges therefore is not in his opinion , as it is in that of others , wholly independent of the amount of the Bank , issues , and unaffected by it . If the exchanges are affected by the issues of the Bank , and affect in their turn , as they undoubtedly do , and as by some they are thought to do exclusively , the price of gold , and the general commercial interests of the country , the state of the exchanges can not be altogether a matter of indifference in any question respecting the amount to which the bank issues should be carried . But the Bank have told us distinctly , that they do not advert to the exchanges with a view to regulate their issues . Their reason for not doing so they stale to be , that they do not consider the amount of their issues , and the state of the exchanges , as having any connexion , or bearing in any degree upon each other . In this opinion my right honourable friend ( the Chancellor , of the Exchequer ) thinks , as I think , that the Bank is wrong . He must therefore naturally agree with me in the necessity and expediency of correcting their error on this subject . Consequently I can anticipate no objection on his part to the twelfth , thirteenth , and fourteenth Resolutions . The fifteenth Resolution can not be opposed by any man , who is not prepared to go the full length of the argument , that excess of paper currency is a thing of it self physically impossible , or , who is not desirous of converting the temporary suspension of cash payments into a permanent system . With these exceptions , every man must concur