the number of Informations which had been filed ex officio , by him ( the Attorney-General ) during the last three years , from which statement the noble lord inferred , that there was reason to suspect that the power entrusted to him had been improperly used ; and that the House was called upon to enter into a further investigation of the subject , for the purpose of ascertaining whether the accusation advanced against him was not founded in fact . Many of the topics in which the noble lord had indulged had no immediate bearing on the subject before the House ; although they might be calculated to shew that the ordinary proceedings of the law required correction . If such were the opinion of the noble lord , and if he conceived that the legislature ought to interfere , the subject was one which he should distinctly introduce ; but , he must repeat , it had no connection with the present question . The noble lord had charged him with many acts of harshness and severity towards those offenders , against whom in his official character he had felt it his duty to file criminal Informations . But how , he would ask , had this accusation been borne out by the facts ? It was true , that the noble lord asserted that the influence of the crown had been used against those individuals who had been prosecuted for libels ; but he desired the noble lord , or any one who had been an observer of his proceedings since his accession to office , to say , that in one single case there bad been any exercise of the influence of men in power , to the prejudice of those against whom it had been his duty to institute prosecutions for libel . On the contrary he was confident it would be found , that every prosecution of that nature had been conducted with the greatest lenity . Indeed he was happy to say , because in the declaration was included a just character of the constitution and feelings of the country , that no man standing in his situa- 571 tion —however bold his disposition—however strong his nerves—however wicked his inclination , dare so much abuse the power vested in him , as not to give an offender prosecuted by the crown as great advantages , or greater advantages in his defence than any ordinary criminal possessed . Were any prosecutions so closely watched as those commenced by Attornies-General ? Were there any individuals whose conduct excited such careful and curious inquiry , if they exceeded the just limits of their power ? Was zeal or ability wanted to detect their errors ? Were they even allowed the ordinary excuse of human infirmity for any wrong which they might commit ; It had indeed been thrown out by the noble lord , al-though he had saved him ( the Attorney-General ) personally from the necessity of repelling the accusation , that the paltry dirty fees of office might be an inducement to those who held the situation of Attorney General , to prefer proceeding in cases of libel by Information rather than by indictment . He really forgot at that moment whether the fee to an Attorney-General was 6s . 8d . or 13s . 4d . but in either case he would not condescend to defend those who might be placed ill that situation from the imputation of being influenced by any unworthy considerations of personal emolument , still less by the amount of the fee he had just stated . With respect to the insinuation thrown out thus generally by the noble lord , he was at no loss to trace the cause , to which he was indebted for the observation that conveyed it.—He was perfectly aware that the noble lord had thrown it out , because on the trial of Cobbett he had imputed to the defendant , that he was influenced by a consideration of the profits of his paper to pursue the course which he had adopted . By no candid mind , however , could the