He requested the House to observe , that all the penalties to which printers had been liable before the 39th of the king would still be in force after this bill passed into a law . There would be no additional security for libels . The object of it was to place the law on its former footing , or nearly so . To shew the propriety of this , he called the attention of the Mouse to the history of the act of the 39th of the king , the most material part of which it was the design of this bill to repeal . It had originated from the opinion , that extraordinary vigilance and vigour were necessary to counteract the machinations of seditious societies , who circulated a vast number of papers , the printers of which could never , without great difficulty , be discovered . It was therefore required that as an additional security every printer should be made liable to heavy penalties , who should neglect to put his name to whatever he printed . But , if a libel was published , the printer was still subject to prosecution for that offence as before . These societies no longer existed , and the act being calculated only to meet a particular exigency , ought now to be considerably modified , if not repealed . Let the House consider how the law stood , whilst such enormous penalties might be incurred even by inadvertency . The Attorney General himself , he believed , about two years ago , had found it necessary to bring in a bill to indemnify persons who had violated it . Was it fitting that the act should still be continued on the statute books in its present shape ? that it should still be hung up in terrorem ? and that bills of indemnity should be passed at the end of every two or three years , to afford some mitigation of the hardships resulting from it ? If he could secure his hon . and learned friend 's support , by consenting to enlarge the 716 penalty , he should be disposed to yield so far . But how was it possible to permit the law to stand as it was ? to leave the printer liable to a penalty for every copy of a pamphlet , hand-bill , or any other publication , merely for neglecting to put his name to them ? The business was under sufficient regulation without this . He had been answerable for his publications before the time of the seditious societies , whose practices had been the only ground upon which the additional regulations had been established . It was impossible for printers to carry on their business without being well known . They were registered with the clerk of the peace , and subject to other rules , which rendered it impracticable to conceal themselves . Would the Attorney General point out any instance in which a prosecution had failed from a difficulty of finding out the printer ? It was not pretended at the time the 39th of the king was under consideration , that there was any difficulty of the kind . It rested entirely on the proceedings of the seditious societies , and they no longer existed : why , then should the business of printing remain subject to this severe hardship ? Let the penalty be raised to 100l . it the Attorney General wished it ; but surely it could not be permitted that a magistrate should have the power of imposing penalties to the extent , perhaps , of 20,000l . in a summary manner . No class of the community ought to be so much in the power of the magistrate . His wish was not to innovate , but to restore the law to what it was before , with the exception of this small penalty of 20l . for a whole impression , if published without the printer 's name . proposed that it should only be imperative on the magistrate to impose the penalty for one copy—leaving it in his discretion