a manner the most fatal to the accused , while there is no power given of answering the charge.—These , Sir , are the hardships sustained by the accused , before and at his trial ; and great as these hardships are , they are rendered still more so by the uncertainty of the Law of Libel . The Judges not only differ from each other in the interpretation of the law ; but the same Judge differs from himself at different times . The doctrine laid down by Lord Chief Justice Mansfield , in the trial of Mr. Home in 1777 , at Guildhall , and that subsequently promulgated by Mr. Justice Buller ; on the trial of the Dean of St. Asaph are totally different . In the former , Lord Mansfield left the alternative of guilty or not guilty on the whole case , to the Jury in the usual way . In the latter , Judge Bailer directed the Jury merely to fill up the inuendoes . Parliament felt the necessity of interfering , and the 32nd of the King was in consequence enacted , by which the Jury were 556 made judges of the law as well as of the fact : the Judge , however , was to state his opinion of the law at his discretion to the Jury , the same as is done in other criminal cases . Sir , I do not conceive , however , that the spirit of that Act has been complied with by the Judges ; for , in some cases , they have delivered their opinion in such a manner as almost to force it upon the Jury . I wish to speak with all due respect of persons high in judicial office ; but I can not disguise my opinion that in divers cases the judges have taken upon them to pronounce the law on the subject in a manner totally inconsistent with the Act of the 32d of the King . Further , not only have different Judges differed on the law on this subject , but the same Judge has at different times and on different trials differed from himself.—My lord Ellenborough , on the Trial of Mr. Cobbett , for a . Libel contained in some letters relative to Irish Affairs , stated , `` that when the feelings of any '' person began to be wounded , then `` the Libel commenced . '' But in the Case of Carr and Hood , the same Judge said , `` that a writer 's failings might be criticised , and that in matters of literature it was for the benefit of the public that `` the works of an author should be fully exposed . '' Now , Sir , I can not see why the feelings of an author should be held less sacred than those of any other person ; or why those of a statesman should be particularly spared . On the contrary , the character of the latter is of that description , which , more than any other , calls for exposure , if any impropriety is committed . The measures of a public man , if bad , ought , above any thing else , to undergo the lash of public censure : and if those measures are good , they have no reason to apprehend any serious reproach , seeing that the writers in their own interest , are always ready to come forward with panegyrics upon their great talents and merit.—The hardships , however , of a person subjected to this sort of prosecution do-not end here . It is not enough that he should be made to undergo both before and during his trial all the disadvantages I have been describing—he has still to undergo the sentence , and that probably a most severe one . In the eye of the law , a Libel , Sir , is only a Misdemeanour , punishable with fine , imprisonment , and the pillory . But , in late instances , it has been visited with a severity , which seems to indicate a