perfectly unconnected with any considerations on the general frame and policy of the government of the country . Its object was not to innovate on the ancient principles of the law , but to bring back the law to the principles of its ancient standard . It was undeniable , that new penal enactments took place frequently , with very little attention or examination on the part of the legislature . New felonies were often created on the spur of the occasion , according to the prevalence of any particular crime . At times , one description of offences became more numerous than another , and the remedy applied to the circumstances of a certain period was generally left unabrogated , and operative in succeeding times , while fresh changes in the complexion of crimes were constantly calling for additional penalties . No one could look at our penal code on paper without shuddering , and the consequence was , that the practice was totally different . The object , however , of human punishments was to deter others ; and it was the practice , therefore , that operated , not the theory of legislative provisions . It had been said , indeed , that the advantage to the public was in proportion to the magnitude and severity of the punishment of an individual . Admitting the policy of such a principle , he entertained very considerable doubts of its justice . But the policy itself was bad , and for this reason , that a law of extraordinary severity was seldom or never strictly enforced . The judge found himself impelled to interpose his discretion to mitigate it , because it was not in human nature to separate the consideration of the crime from all consideration of the person of the delinquent—His hon . and learned friend only wished to bring back the written to the practical law . It had been said that it was impossible to describe all the aggravations of a crime . This was true , a discretion must , in many cases , be left to the judges—but in his opinion , much more might be done towards extending the certainty of the law , and by that 650 means diminishing the-cases in which the judges now exercised a discretionary power . The right hon . baronet then dwelt with great force of reasoning upon the pernicious tendency of the multiplied sentences of death pronounced in our criminal courts , while the spectators were perfectly assured that it was not intended to carry one out of the multitude of them into execution . It was also of the last importance that punishment should be proportioned to the crimes , that the people might never be induced to consider the criminal as an injured man deserving of pity for his unmerited suffering , rather than censure for his comparatively slight offence . Prosecutions might indeed , be more frequent for some time , because many would then be satisfied in prosecuting , as the punishment would be proportioned to the offence . But the number of crimes would be diminished , and this was the great object of law . The right hon . baronet concluded , by declaring that he would support the Bill . though an enemy to rash and ill considered changes , was far from being a friend to that indiscriminate hatred of innovation which extended to the prevention or obstruction of all improvement . It had been asserted , that persons who had been the chief sufferers-from crimes often abstained from prosecuting because by law the delinquent might be subjected to a punishment totally disproportioned to the crime . If this was really the case , it was a matter well worthy the attention of the House , and one which ought to be taken into immediate consideration . It had been said , that the same ' motive which deterred the injured from prosecuting ought to deter the guilty from committing the offence . The cases were ' widely different . The thief knew perfectly that very few were executed , though the law denounced death—one only out