a supply beyond the general consumption of man , and the distilleries were most useful in this respect . But the advantage was lost by this perpetual meddling . Barley was absolutely a drug in the market . The time would come , he said , when magazines must be formed to store up grain in years of plenty , and sell it out in times of scarcity . This would be a burthen , but it would prevent the calamity of famine . voted on the subject as independently as any man . If they would not allow him to distill his sugar he would the better sell his barley in Sussex . The West India interest had supplied the country with seamen , with ships , and with every thing of that sort ; why , then , should the West India proprietors be considered as so abject a race ? This measure would help to keep our money at home . Our bullion had gone abroad for corn till we had not a guinea remaining , and we could not get change for it if we had . The measure was wanted only for one year . The property of the land owners had , independent of the taxes , risen from 30 to 40 per cent . while the property of the poor West India proprietors had fallen 50 per cent . contended that the planter of sugars could not with any fair advantage bring them into the market cheaper than 75s . while the present scale was fixed at 70s . urged the propriety of lowering the scale as to grain , in consequence of the various petitions from Scotland last year , stating the low price of it . contended , that the prices of grain were now such , as , compared with the price of labour , would scarcely repay the farmer . At the same time he was by no means prepared to say that 70s . 9d . was a fair price for sugar . He should give his support to the detail of the measure , but he must afterwards oppose it in particular parts . wished that a mode should be devised , by a full inquiry , to equalise the interests of both . stated , that the produce of 359 the old British colonies was equal to the supply of the whole kingdom : but that great benefit had been derived to the country from the re-exportation of colonial produce . The malt duty , it appeared , had not taller of during the last year , so that the growers of grain had the sale in one way or in the other . replied to the principal arguments which had been urged in the debate . He contended , that agriculture and commerce depended one on the other , and that to neglect either was to injure both . The principle of the regulation he had proposed was , to make the duties such that if the price of barley did not exceed 38s . it must be the interest of the distillers to use grain in the distilleries . The reception his plan had met with proved at least that he had not been led into error by the representations of those most interested in the result , and that no one was favoured to the injury of the others . He had taken barley at 38s . He had been informed he ought rather to have taken it at its present prices , 26s . or 28s . He had anticipated an objection of a different nature , and expected that it would be said he ought rather to have taken it at 40s . 41s. , & c. If , however , he had taken the price higher than it happened to be at present , there was the greater reason to believe the agricultural world would be the more benefited by the measure . It might be a question , whether or not the measure proposed ought in policy to be adopted . But he contended that there was nothing in