evidence . These were the great points to which their attention was directed , and , if the worst came to the worst , they knew they should only have to pay a visit to Harry , Tom , or Sue , or some old acquaintance beyond sea , who had so mismanaged their business as to have been stupid , and unlucky enough to have been detected , prosecuted , convicted , and transported . This was 642 the sort of language invariably held by all the convicts , with whom my informant had occasionally conversed on such subjects , during the time of his holding a public situation in that country . But he remembered having learned from one convict in particular , a whimsical anecdote , respecting great doubts , and difficulties , and discordancy in opinion , between their attorney and solicitor-general , and their other law officers , whom a gang , to which the convict belonged , had consulted , as to the safest mode of robbing waggons . All sorts of intricacies presented themselves , and perplexities , and distinctions ( whether well or ill founded matters not ) about robbing waggons on the highway , in motion , at rest , at inn doors , in inn yards , under sheds , or not under sheds , & c. & c. Nobody could understand the subject . Nobody felt certain what the consequences would be . What was the effect of this uncertainty , this confusion , this obscurity , of this unknown danger , of which they could not calculate the extent ? Why , that the poor waggons escaped scot free . Nobody would venture to touch them . Such are the admissions , such the statements , and such the modes of reasoning , and of acting , of those miserable men , on whose minds the laws are to operate . And if the minds of those who are practised in depredation so reason , how much more so will the minds of those so reason who are for the first time meditating to depart from the path of their duty.—Such then is the authority of the criminals themselves . What is the authority of those , who from the nature of their judicial situations , have their attention constantly and practically directed to this subject , and who are almost daily in the habit of observing how the laws operate upon the mind ? I refer to their view of this matter , as to that of spectators , who see the object nearer than we do . I do not quote their opinions , as authority , to govern or direct the conduct of the House . I appeal to them as witnesses . I refer to the evidence of intelligent , respectable and enlightened men . And feeling as I do , the extreme importance of ascertaining the opinions of practical men on these subjects , who have a closer and more continued insight into the operations of the criminal law than we can have , I am very anxious to be permitted to read , as part of my speech , certain Questions , which have been proposed to very able and experienced magistrates , the law officers of the city of 643 London , together with their Answers to these questions . I repeat that I do not do this , as if I was referring to authority , which ought to govern our conduct ; but merely as to materials , which may contribute to enlighten our judgment . said , if he thought the motion of his hon . and learned friend 649 contradicted any settled opinion , or encroached on any established principles of the constitution , he should be one of the last men to rise in its support . But he believed that neither he nor his hon . and learned friend were remarkable for any exertions of a mere political tendency against the ministers of the crown or the government of the country . The question before the House was of a very different nature , and