an imposing superiority , that the enemy could not even hope for success , or if he did entertain such a hope , our power should be such as to crush it at once . expressed satisfaction at finding that king 's ships had been made use of as much as possible . He was glad to see that every attempt was making to keep down expence , and that a considerable diminution of the number of ships in ordinary had already taken place . said he had never heard so clear and satisfactory a statement as that of the right hon . gent. , and thought there was as little to observe on the present Estimates as on any that were ever produced in that House . If we had 145,000 men , an increase of expence was not to be avoided . In several of the articles there was a considerable increase of expence , but they all carried with them some public benefit worthy of the expence by which it was to be purchased . There appeared in the Estimates no unwarrantable superannuations and pensions , as had frequently been seen in former Estimates He thought it very much to the credit of the First Lord of the Admiralty , that he had employed a battalion of that corps which deserved so well of the country , within the last year , in a manner in which they had never been employed before . He hoped the plan in agitation for improving Plymouth Sound would shortly be acted upon , as it was most essential that something like good anchorage should be afforded to the convoys which assembled there . The service of the public , he thought , would not admit of ships of war being only employed as transports , as it would be attended with double expence . He could not but hope that something would be done towards making the long-talked of harbour at Northfleet . At present we had no place to receive the ships that came in from all parts of the world ; and such a place , in the present state of Europe , ought to be regarded as a sine qua non . The steps taken to provide for the clergy of the navy were such , that he could only congratulate the right hon . gent . on them . The right hon . gent . had , in his opinion , inspired the service with a confidence that was a tower of strength to the country . But at the same time , the hon . baronet said he could not but lament that the delays and consequent abuses of the Court of Admiralty was still a blot which required to be removed . 381 To elucidate this , he exemplified , as one of the many instances , the blockading squadron under the orders of lord Duncan , in 1799 , which had captured several ships that were acting in defiance of the blockade , that the proceeds of the ships so captured at that period were not distributed at this moment . It was important to the country that such evils should be prevented , and justice required that they should be done away . thought the use of ships of war instead of transports most economical . If they cost three times as much as transports , they were still ten times as cheap . The safely and expedition with which they conveyed the troops was of great consequence , and the means they afforded of frustrating the designs of the enemy could not be too highly appreciated . They had had a proof how superior they were to transports , the other day . While our transports were weather-bound at Falmouth , some men of war went out , and before the reinforcements could sail , we had information that one of those ships had entered the mouth of the Tagus . rose to explain one item of the Estimates . The salary of the First Lord of the Admiralty was not exactly what it appeared to be there . He then