should inquire into the conduct of the Directors and of the Board of Controul in the management of Indian Affairs . read over several of the names—Mr . Wilberforce , Mr. Tierney , Mr. Sturges Bourne , Mr. Fitzhugh , Lord Morpeth , Mr. Long , Mr. Creevey , & c. & c. and asked what particular bias they could have against the truth ? Lord Folkestone , and Mr. Whitbread supported the amendment . Mr. Wallace and Mr. Grant Opposed it . The House divided , said it had been his intention on a former day to move for the sum necessary for the Ordinaries of the Navy , which he had divided into three parts , under one resolution . This , however , through a mistake , bad not been done ; 477 he had therefore now to move , That a sum not exceeding 1,157,751l , be granted for the Ordinaries of the Navy . rose in consequence of a charge which had been preferred on a former day against the Court over which he had the honour to preside . Considering the situation in which he stood , he thought justice should make every member who might have any charge to prefer against him , in his official capacity , give notice of such an intention . Out of the multitude of causes which had come before him , it was impossible for him to remember every individual case ; and if such notice were not given , he might be taken by surprise , and be unable to reply to such charge when made , though it might be as unfounded as those which he had formerly refuted , or as unfounded as he trusted to make that now brought forward appear . That it was a great many years since the prizes to which allusion had been made were taken , it was unnecessary to call witnesses to prove . He remembered the captures , which were six in number , were made in the year 1799 . This he would admit , but this was not sufficient to prove that any improper delay had originated in the Admiralty Court . The delay might have been caused by the parties themselves , as was the case in a cause which had been before him that very day . It might happen , that such delays had occurred in a variety of instances , where no party whatever could be blamed . It was to be remembered , that the suitors were persons employed in the service of their country , who might be at such a distance that they could not be communicated with on the subject ; or merchants residing in foreign parts . The witnesses necessary to elucidate the business might be in the same situation—might be dispersed all over the world . From these circumstances delay was often unavoidable , and little as it was desired , without it no correct administration of justice could be obtained . The Court of Admiralty sat not merely for the purpose of examining the claims which might be made for prize-money , but likewise to protect foreign and British merchants ; to restore property which had been improperly seized , and to do justice to ail parties . It might sometimes happen , and it frequently did , that some of the parties concerned were resident in Silesia , in Bavaria , in Bohemia , and in the remotest parts of the globe . It was certainly desirable that the money to be distributed 478 should find its way into the pockets of the captors as soon as possible , but still it was necessary to allow a proper time to elapse before such a distribution was made , for the proper security of neutral property . With respect to the facts of the present case , it was stated that the ships had been taken at the battle of Camperdown . This was not correct , as they were taken two years after that action , during the subsequent blockade of the Texel . It had been agreed , that only one