Within the London district it would certainly appear that a smaller sum of money is required than formerly to perform the same number of exchanges and amount of payments , if the rate of prices had remained the same . '' This is contradicted by Mr. Thomas , who has the management of the concern , in express terms , whose evidence is , `` The system of clearing has been in existence above thirty-five years ; that of the last fourteen months is a new arrangement , but it docs not at all alter the amount of Bank notes passing : there has been no material improvement in the system of late years so as to reduce the quantity of Bank notes necessary for making payments '' 874 The Committee proceed to observe , that , `` all these circumstances must have co-operated to render a smaller augmentation of Bank of England paper necessary to supply the demands of our increased trade than might otherwise have been required , and show how impossible it is from the numerical amount alone of that paper , to pronounce whether it is excessive or not . A more sure criterion must be resorted to ; and such a criterion your Committee have already shewn is only to be found in the state of the exchanges , and the price of gold bullion . '' The question here is , has that been satisfactorily shewn ? In order to ascertain it , let us enquire whether circumstances which have occurred , do or do not account for the increase of our paper circulation to the full amount of the issues . In 1798 ( the first year after the payments in cash ceased ) the amount of Bank-notes was 12,062,000l. , our exports , according to official value , 30,290,000l . In 1810 , the Bank-notes 22,236,000l . the exports 50,300,000l . In 1798 , the nett revenue paid into the Exchequer , exclusive of loans , was 28,667,000l . In 1810 , it was 66,098,000l . On this subject the opinion of Mr. Henry Thornton is deserving of great attention . In his evidence to the Committee of Secrecy of the House of Lords in 1797 , in the first report he says , `` the increased trade of the country has actually created a necessity for an increased use chiefly of notes to bearer on demand , though partly bills of exchange and cash ; guineas being used only for small or broken sums . `` —And that `` in consequence of our assumed scarcity of Banknotes it has been in contemplation of persons , especially bankers , to endeavour to provide some additional means of circulation for the metropolis , but that doubts were entertained of the legality of such a measure , and that there was a reluctance on the part of some bankers to be universally security for all ; observing , that a given quantity of commerce in time of war requires a greater capital to carry it on , arising from the increased expence of freights , insurance , and mercantile charges , than the same commerce would require in time of peace . '' In the third report of the Committee , the same gentleman states , `` I am clearly of opinion , that if the circulating medium had been much further reduced , many failures would have been the consequence . I know the distress of many merchants , 875 and also of some bankers , to have been considerable , and have had conversations with some of them on the subject of substituting a new circulating medium , with a view of relieving the existing distress . '' And in the first report above referred to , Mr. Bosanquet states : `` Increased use of capital employed , whether in agriculture , manufactures , inland trade , and of exports and imports , must obviously require an increase of cash or bills in circulation . `` An increase in exportation , subject to long credits , must occasion an increased demand within the kingdom of cash or paper before the returns are