had the liberty of seeing his friends . The hon . gent , then proceeded to state the case of Curtis . He was the son of respectable parents , but was induced , in the year 1808 , to enter into the Oxfordshire militia for a large bounty . In 1810 , he was a corporal in the regiment , and a clerk to the paymaster . On the 23d of June , in the last year , he made complaints to his colonel of abuses in the regiment . He complained , 1st , that an order for giving the men three pair of shoes in two years had not been executed ; and 2dly , he complained of the improper detention of pay from the men , under the pretence of stoppages on account of some articles of clothing ( or regimental breeches ) which had never been delivered . These stoppages had been for five months , and the clothing was not given . The stoppages for these five months had no other authority but the verbal order of the lieut.-colonel . He believed it was a thing almost unprecedented , that a whole regiment should be under stoppages for articles which government were to furnish . At the end of eight months the only excuse for not giving the clothing was , that the men did not want them . The 106th clause of the Mutiny Act expressly stated , `` That if any paymaster , agent or clerk , should unlawfully detain or withhold any ! pay due to the regiment for more than one month ; or if any officer , having received the pay , should retain it in his own hands , such officer , on being found guilty there of by a court-martial , should , besides what other punishment the court-martial should inflict , pay a penalty of 100l . to the informer , who , if a soldier , was also to be entitled to his discharge . '' This 89 clause was quite explicit , and did not leave the colonel or the general of the district any discretion upon the subject . He had received an account of what had happened from a gentleman who was introduced to the general court-martial , for the purpose of taking the depositions , and who was ready to verify the same at the bar of that House , or any where else . It appeared from those depositions , that when corporal Curtis first made his complaint , the colonel was excessively angry and threatened to try him for mutiny ; to which Curtis replied , that as he came up alone to make his complaint , he could not be tried for mutiny . On the 23d of June , he attended the colonel and lieutenant-colonel , and the book of orders being produced , he was called upon to shew the order with respect to the shoes or the breeches . As he knew nothing of their books or the manner of keeping them , he was unable to do this . On the 20th , he was confined for improper conduct in having been seen in brown clothes , at a mile distance from head-quarters . For this offence , he was by the sentence of a court-martial reduced to the ranks . It appeared , however , that he was the clerk to the paymaster , and in that capacity had been accustomed to wear coloured clothes . As to his being a mile from the head-quarters , he was returning from the post-office , where he had just put in a letter to lord C. Somerset , the lieutenant-general commanding the district . In this letter , he stated that he had a complaint to make against the quarter-master for improper detention of pay , and that he had stated it to his colonel , who refused to give him satisfaction . He stated further , that he wished to take the advantage of the 106th clause of the Mutiny Act . It appeared to him ( Mr. Wardle ) that this statement was