what had been said of general Graham having served under the Spanish general , he must observe that general Graham had to consider whether he should do something or nothing . Had he not acted as he did , the opportunity which then offered might never have occurred with such 680 prospect of advantage again , and he had therefore acted wisely in resolving to place himself under the Spanish commander . expressed a doubt as to the propriety of withholding censure till the Spanish commander had been tried , as general La Pena might be tried by such persons as general La Pena . said that the Cortes had taken up the subject . thought those who had employed him were not fit judges of his conduct . wondered the hon . gent . did not recollect that it was possible a government might send out a bad general , without all its members being traitors or unfit to manage affairs . He wished it to be observed , however , that the Cortes were not the government . Some further explanation followed with respect to the nature of the Cortes as compared with the government , after which the Resolution was put and carried . moved that the sum of 1,648,260l . should be granted for the Commissariat Department . After some remarks from Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Bankes , Mr. Huskisson , Mr. W. Smith , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in which each expressed his approbation of the conduct of the Commissariat in Chief , and the manner in which the estimates were made up , the Resolution was agreed to . argued in favour of the Bill , contending that the Deep Sea Fishery was of the utmost importance , and ought to be encouraged by every possible means . He 681 was persuaded that the efforts of individuals on this subject could never be productive of such advantageous results as those of joint stock companies . allowed that if we were at peace , the fisheries might be encouraged with great benefit to the country : but at a time when the foreign markets were shut , and the home markets glutted , the increase of our fisheries could be advantageous neither to the individuals immediately concerned , nor to the public at large . In any case , the association of a joint stock company for the purpose , was unnecessary . Let it once be seen that the undertaking was a profitable one , and individuals enough would be found with capitals ready to engage in it . expressed his conviction that the question was one of the greatest public interest . To encourage our fisheries seemed at the first view of it , a desirable object ; but what was the state of the markets ? It must be recollected , that if we had driven the enemy out of the sea , the enemy had shut us out of the land . To accumulate a quantity of fish which we could not sell , would not be to encourage , but to destroy our fisheries . The fisheries of Cornwall and of Newfoundland , and the whale fishery , were all prosecuted without joint stock companies ; and the establishment of one in the present instance appeared to him to be by no means advisable . opposed the Bill , the tendency of which was to produce a competition that would be destructive to the existing fisheries , without being advantageous to the public . It was the duty of parliament to maintain the interests of those fisheries which were already established . The Newfoundland fishery had been the cause of more wars between this country and France , than almost any other subject of contention , and having successfully defended it from foreign attack , we should surely abstain from destroying it with our own hands . He instanced several cases in which projects similar to that under consideration had been destructive , first to the competitors of the projectors , but ultimately to the projectors themselves . said , he understood that it was intended to