1809 to 24,835,000.l in October 1810 ; and notwithstanding also an importation of corn in the year of 7,000,000l . ; but in that month the confiscations and burnings on the continent took place , and the exchange fell again rapidly . If the exchange is against us with one country , and in our favour with another , arrangements may be conveniently made 860 by bill remittances , so as to avoid transporting the precious metals ; but when exchanges preponderate against us on the whole , we have no resource but exporting gold or silver : and it is perfectly notorious that our transactions of that sort with the continent are considerable and frequent . Mr. Huskisson says , such transactions are less profitable than in merchandize . Nothing can be more true ; and it is not pretended that recourse is ever had to such exports when a vent can be found For goods : but that has its limits , as we have learned unfortunately by recent experience . We come now to the third head in the Report , —the system of management of the Bank of England . The Committee , after commenting on the evidence given by the governor and the deputy governor of the Bank , and by one of the directors , make the following observations : `` The Committee can not refrain from expressing it to be their opinion , after a very deliberate consideration of this part of the subject , that it is a great practical error to suppose that the exchanges with foreign countries and the price of bullion are not liable to be affected by the amount of a paper currency , which is issued without the condition of payment of specie at the will of the holder . That the exchanges will be lowered , and the price of bullion raised by an issue of such paper to excess , is not only exhibited as a principle by the most eminent authorities upon commerce and finance , but its practical truth has been illustrated by the history of almost every state in modern times which has used a paper currency ; and in all those countries this principle has been finally resorted to by their statesmen as the best criterion to judge whether such , currency was or was not excessive . '' Here again I have experience with me against the Committee . In four years ; from the end of 1768 to the end of 1772 , ( six years after the termination of the seven years ' war , and four years before the commencement of hostilities with America , ) the exchange was never higher than 33 9 , —seldom so high ; during which ' period the price of gold fluctuated generally from 4l . to 4l . 1s . : amount of Bank notes at the end of it under 7,000,000l . This was the state of things in a time of profound peace with all the world , when the paper of the Bank was payable in . gold . In March 1797 payments in specie there were suspended ; exchange then at 861 34–9 ; gold 3l 17s . 6d . ; the amount of Bank notes 9,203,000l . At the end of the year the exchange rose to 38 2 ; and although it was greatly depressed between 1799 and 1802 , by immense importations of corn , it rose again to 35 9 and 36 in 1804 , seven years after the stoppage of payments in gold at the Bank ; the price of gold fluctuating from 3l . 17s . 6d . to 31 . 17s . 10½d . in these seven years ; at the close of which the issue of Bank notes was 17,158,000l . These facts , proving incontestibly that the rate of exchange was higher , and the price of gold lower , with a large amount of Bank notes not convertible into specie on demand , than with an issue of those notes much less than one-half of that amount payable immediately in specie , the proof of which