a petition , and rejected on account of its not being regularly recommended on the part of the government , and it would be rendering their rule of no avail to receive it in any other form . approved highly of what had fallen from the Chair . 117 It had been said that if ministers thought proper to refuse their consent to any petition , it was impossible to procure redress ; now , he did not think it had been usual to refuse such consent , for they had been more reproached for giving it too easily than for withholding it . They often gave their consent to petitions which they were convinced ought not to be received , as it still lay with the House to grant or refuse the prayer of them . This address seemed merely to be substituted for a petition that was rejected . was of the same opinion as formerly , for if such was the form of the House , it must sanction great injustice . He did not think that this present mode was by any means disrespectful . What he complained of was , that ministers had it in their power to withhold their consent , or to make it an act of favour . He should not however persevere in stating his opinion contrary to the sentiments of the House . then put it to the right hon . gent . whether he would not wish , under these circumstances , to withdraw his motion . accordingly consented , and the motion was withdrawn . then moved , that the Bill be committed , and said , that he would not trouble the House with any observations in the present stage , as he was sure that a measure which met the approbation of so large a body of merchants would at least be permitted to go into a committee . said , that after the frequent discussions upon this subject , and after what had fallen from the counsel , he should not enter much into it at present ; but he only rose to observe , that the most proper mode would be to refer the subject to his Majesty 's privy council , for the discussion of it in the House was an irregular interference with the prerogative of the crown . He should therefore oppose the motion for going into a committee . denied that the Bill was a mere speculation . The real question before the House was , whether the increase of trade since the institution of the corporations or companies said to be injured by the Bill , might not require a different system ? The measure should have his support , as he believed its operation would be to throw open insurance at the lowest rate . said that this Bill must be considered with regard to its ultimate object , which was , the establishment of a great combination , to do away every other mode of insurance . At present , there was a monopoly dc jure , But not de facto ; if this measure succeeded , there would be a monopoly de facto , though not de jure . Such a company might command the rate of premium . Their interest would be to delay payment as long as possible , and their correspondents would encounter intolerable hardships . Instead of 1,500 individuals , as at present , there might be 20 companies whose secretaries might understand each other , and settle the premium at their pleasure . The companies , it had been proved , were a dearer resort , and their solidity was not such as afforded any compensation . All this was the effect of speculation taking the place of sober industry . He himself had a share in one of the fire offices ( all of which would become marine insurers , if this Bill passed ) for which he paid 500l . He had been offered 2,000l . for it , subject to the passing of this Bill . Companies , in short , would start up like the lottery insurance