prosecutions sprung from the law itself , or from the misapplication of it . The effect of his motion could not be mischievous—it might be highly beneficial . It was at all periods beneficial to satisfy and assure the public mind ; to dissipate its doubts , and extinguish its suspicions . If an extraordinary authority was exercised , the country ought to be convinced that it was not exercised except on principles of just government and imperious necessity . If then the motion should have the consequence of establishing this conviction , it would have a salutary operation ; if , on the . other hand , it should be followed by the detection of abuse , it would be a disrespect to the noble and learned lords opposite to him , to suppose , that they would not gladly co-operate in its exposure and condemnation , and in the task of bringing back the law to its ancient standard . When such a statement as had been made was before them , of the extent to which criminal informations had been carried , it behoved that House to consider well the nature of this spreading innovation , and its possible tendency to supersede grand juries altogether . It was certainly not the rule of the House to reject a motion for the production of papers , on the principle that the papers were already accessible to every body . It was always held necessary that such documents should be put on their own records , before any legislative step could be taken respecting them . So much for the form ; in substance the motion went only to inquire into the cause of the vast increase of late years in the number of prosecutions for libel . In voting for this inquiry , he did not feel himself pledged to any subsequent proceeding ; they were discussing at present nothing more than the propriety of the inquiry—of an inquiry suggested by those wise feelings of constitutional jealousy which had hitherto proved the safeguard of all the liberties we enjoy . said , that the same motives which induced the noble lord to give his reasons for voting in favour of the motion , prevailed with him to give his reasons for voting against it . The motion was for information , and the question which would naturally suggest itself upon this was , whether such information was necessary or not ? It appeared to him that it was not necessary : for every information of this kind could be obtained by other means than an application to parliament . He knew perfectly well , that , if it was in contemplation to follow up the motion by any parliamentary proceeding , such an application should be made ; but when the operation of the motion was to bring suspicion on the administration of justice , which he agreed ought not even to be suspected , when this was the case , he must say that the course for the noble lord would be to select any prosecution of which he complained as oppressive , and then to make his motion for inquiry . To tell them that the prosecutions for the three last years exceeded in number the prosecutions of former years , was telling them nothing ; it might proceed from different causes , from the diffusion of learning , or even from the circumstance of too great lenity having been shewn before . He believed if they looked to the libels of different times , they would find that they were much the same , or perhaps if they differed in any thing , they were worse in former times : but after this admission he must observe , that though perhaps in particular instances the evil was not as great , yet the extent to which it was carried , in those times , required a more vigorous prosecution . The frequency of libels in modern times , arose out of the progress of civilization . Publications of all kinds became more numerous than formerly , and libels also might be expected to multiply ;