to the theory which I mean to inculcate , I have to observe , that it is the theory of those persons who in the best of times founded the Bank of England ; and if it be a theory to believe what will prove a practical good , if adopted , it is one built 802 upon a solid basis , a metallic foundation . In this opinion I am not singular ; for I have the satisfaction of knowing , that I am subscribing to the doctrines held by most of the practical statesmen of which this country has boasted ; who had given to them previous to their adoption all the consideration and weight necessary to a right conclusion . They took the opinions of the best informed practical merchants and bankers , and of those most competent to give upon such a subject useful information : and the ministers of that day must have had but an imperfect notion of what was conducive to the interests of the state if they had neglected so to do . The most important , essential , and indispensable information is to be derived from all classes of practical men engaged in commercial pursuits . If , therefore , it shall be charged against me that I entered into the consideration of the subject with opinions preconceived , to that charge I was liable ; and indeed I believe every member of the Bullion Committee might be charged with equal justice upon the same score . But , with-out considering whether it be possible to commence any such enquiry free from any such preconceived opinions , I shall venture to say , not only for myself but for the rest of the Committee , that no investigation ever was begun with a firmer determination to make the most ample , accurate , and impartial scrutiny into the subject , and to suspend judgment till that scrutiny was accomplished . ( Hear ! hear ! . ) The names of the members of the Committee area sufficient security perhaps for this , and render it unnecessary for me to repel any accusations on that score ; With respect to the Resolutions of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) , it would have been a great convenience to me , if I could have guessed , which of the Resolutions I have proposed are to be controverted ; but that I can not even guess . The last of my right hon . friend 's Resolutions gives me all I can wish ; for it admits , that it would be expedient to remove the restrictions , with this qualification however , `` but not prior to the term , of six months after conclusion of a definitive treaty of peace . '' I was fully prepared for hearing doctrines in opposition to what I should state ; which doctrines have up to the present day been doubted . To shew the fallacy of such doctrines , I shall endeavour to satisfy the Committee , that the causes of the high price of bullion are not attributable to the unfavourable state of 803 the Exchanges , when the house delegated to the Committee up stairs full powers to inquire into the causes which led to the high price of gold bullion , and this great excess in the market price over that which is settled by the standard of the realm . Since that inquiry , the evil complained of has greatly increased . The standard price of gold is 3l . 17l . 10d . ; last summer it was as high as 4l . 10s . ; this year as high as 4l . 10s . ; and in some tables it has been quoted as high as 4l . 18s . ; but on comparing these with other tables , it is perfectly clear that the average is 4l . 14s . being an excess in the market price of 20 per cent . above the price settled at the mint . This high price of gold in the market , is most evidently a departure