raised a great proportion of the supplies for the year , within the year ; and the great question was , how far it was proper to extend to Ireland that system which had been so long acted upon in this country ? These were his impressions , and it was some satisfaction for him to know that inquiry would be encouraged . The appointment of a Committee to make this inquiry was desirable in every point of view . Their report would strengthen the hands of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , either to pause on the present system , or propose new and vigorous measures for the adoption of Parliament . It was a subject on which he was most anxious , as all his affections were bound up in its fate ; and he earnestly recommended it to their deliberation . did not wish to omit this opportunity of giving his opinion on the whole system of Irish Finance ; and the more so , as he would not confine his view to a few late occurrences , but embrace the whole period since the Union promoted by the noble lord . At the Union the noble lord had presented certain calculations to the Irish parliament , as the foundation of a ratio of contribution and expenditure between the countries . In all of these , in his opinion , his lordship had been mistaken ; and in fixing the ratio at the proportion of Ireland to England as 1 to 9 in war , and 1 to 5 ( which he afterwards changed to 7½ ) in peace , he had contributed to all those evils and embarrassment which now oppressed the former country . On these premises it appeared that Ireland had been paying a greater proportion than she ought to have done , 434 and the consequence was the increased degree of burdens imposed upon her . Ireland was called upon to provide eleven millions for the annual expenditure ; and yet with all the taxes that could be imposed , and with all the exertions of the right hon . Chancellor to improve the revenue ( for which he gave him full credit ) no greater produce could be obtained last year than 3,600,000l . and the former year four and a half millions . It struck him , therefore , that the real and sole cause of all the difficulty under which the finances of Ireland now laboured , was that error in the ratio settled at the period of the Union , which had rendered heavy loans necessary every succeeding year . For this reason , he wished the House most seriously to consider the true cause of the evil , and not suffer themselves to be led away to apply as a remedy the taxation of this country by analogy to Ireland . The line for them to pursue was , to correct the grand error to which he had alluded , and to create a new commercial system , which would supersede the necessity for loans . Another great consideration he could not forbear mentioning , as a way to ameliorate the condition of Ireland—he meant the general system of government . If they looked for great revenue from Ireland , as from this country , they must extend to Ireland all the benefits of the British constitution , to enable her cheerfully and readily to meet the demand . If Ireland was to pay on the same principle as England , she ought also to be governed on the same principle . Upon the whole , that all these matters might have due and mature consideration , he recommended the appointment of a Committee . was glad to find that all parties concurred in the expediency of an examination of the subject . He expressed his conviction , that the agriculture , the trade , the habitations , and the riches of Ireland had been trebled since the Union . The civilization of the country also had been considerably improved , particularly in the north of Ireland . He believed there was