the present subject was concerned , was to be regarded merely as a speculator , and not a lawyer—or as one of those dilettanti lawyers , who knew no more of the law than any other person in the country who had never made it his study . If so , and he was really so ignorant on this subject as his hon . and learned friend represented him , he was , indeed , 657 extremely unpardonable . For fifteen years he had been in the constant habit of going the circuit in his professional character ; he had been much employed in the criminal courts ; and when not employed there , he had been in the constant habit of visiting them , and taking notes for his improvement in that branch of the legal code of this country . But that his hon . and learned friend should be so angry at those whom he supposed to be mere theorists , he confessed surprised him a little , as he could not help thinking that his hon . and learned friend dealt as much in theory as any man , indeed , the greater part of his speech was so dark and abstruse , that he must be excused answering it actually , because he did not understand it . His hon . and learned friend had said that all the judges were against the measure which he now presumed to press on the consideration of the House . He ( sir S. Romilly ) had no reason to suppose any such thing . He knew that he had the authority of the magistracy of the country in his favour , and he had no reason to suppose that all the judges were against him . He knew that he had the authority of one judge of high rank against him , having experienced his opposition to the measure in another place . He had now also against him , the authority of the Recorder and Common Serjeant of London , and he was glad they had given their reasons for opposing the present measure , as it gave him an opportunity of examining what those reasons were . They objected to the proposed alteration , but why ? Because the offences to which the Bills applied , were offences which had greatly encreased and were now encreasing ! Could there , he asked , be any greater objection to a law , than that the offence against which it was intended to provide was encreasing under it ? If a person had a medicine administered to him , and a change of regimen was recommended , would it be enough to say , No , do not change the medicine , for the person is dying without any change ? Or , would the chairman of the College of Physicians , when advising with the whole body as to the state of their practice , assign as a reason for adhering to the medicine and to the course of treatment in a particular malady , that their patients were coming to be cured , and were dying as fast as could be desired ? If under the present law the offence had increased and was increasing , what a strange reason for objecting to a change ? Of what nature , 658 then , ought the change to be ? They could not at this period of time go back to the wheel or the rack in search of a substitute for the present mode of punishment ; and if they could not resort to a system of greater severity , why not seek for a remedy in a greater degree of lenity ? If he ( sir S. Romilly ) had succeeded , two years ago , in procuring a change of the law in this respect , would not the increase in the number of culprits , which was now regarded as a reason why no change should take place ; hare been attributed to the very change which had been introduced ? The chances of escaping as the law now stood were multiplied