endangered . admitted that the assembling of a convention of delegates would have been dangerous to the public peace ; and observed , that what he meant to say was , that no danger would have arisen merely from the number of Catholics which it was proposed to assemble . observed , that the noble earl who spoke last but one , had supposed that measures of conciliation had been resorted to by the Irish government previous to issuing the circular Letter , but what they wanted was the proof of that fact upon the table . It was impossible to take the statement of the noble earl 14 founded upon suppositions . Let the documents be laid upon the table , to shew what the conduct of the Irish government had been . It was whimsical enough that the noble Secretary of State alleged the Catholic Committee to consist of persona who did not speak the sentiments of the Catholics of Ireland , whilst they were held out by the noble earl who spoke last but one , as the organ of the Catholics , to which government looked as regulating their movements . How were these contradictory statements to be reconciled ? Like Sosia in the old play , the Catholic Committee thus buffeted about might say , `` if we are not the Committee of the Catholics , be so good as to tell us what we are . '' It was said by an eminent man , Mr. Burke , that it was impossible to draw an indictment against a whole nation , but the Irish government seemed disposed to throw a whole , or three-fourths of a nation into gaol . A noble and learned lord on a former night had said , that , the Convention Act was merely a declaratory act . He was afraid it was so , but if it was , he wished to be informed , whether it declared , what was previously the common law of Ireland , and if so , how it happened that there was such a difference between the common law of Ireland and the common law of England , where such an enactment was no part of that law . felt himself called on to defend the principles upon which the Catholic Committee had acted upon this occasion so frequently alluded to ; and was prepared to contend , that upon any fair and candid view , as well as from what was incontrovertibly apparent on the face of the proceedings , no such conclusions as those drawn by noble lords opposite , particularly by the noble earl who spoke recently , could be deduced from them . The object of the Catholic Committee in assembling the meeting of so many of their brethren , appeared to be no other than to give greater weight and effect to the petitions , which they had to present to both Houses of Parliament . For this purpose they proposed to collect the sense of each county in Ireland upon the petitions , without which they could not be said to express the real sense of the country ; and the petitions were consequently kept for the signatures of the most respectable individuals of the Catholic persuasion , if they should approve of their being presented this session . It was under this impression , and with 15 this view , that Mr. O'Connel , who might be considered as one of the principal organs of the Catholic Committee , recommended the adoption of the measure which had excited so violent a proceeding on the part of the Irish government . It was that gentleman 's wish that the petition of the Catholics of Ireland should not merely be suffered to lie on the table , like the petition of the English Catholics ; and Mr. Hay addressed the circular Letter which had been so much spoken of , not with an intention the most remote of violating the Convention Act , but in order to sanction for the Petition by the authority which it would derive from the signatures of the representatives of the different