, or assisted the cause of the foreign invaders . They might perhaps have contributed to the horrible bloodshed which , either in massacres or in judicial murders , flowed throughout that country during that dreadful period . But at least they did not enable the noble lord opposite to march to Paris , they did not prepare the people for submission to the duke of Brunswick or the Austrians . It was idle therefore to call the licentiousness of the press the ally of our enemy , and it was safer to revert to the sober and constitutional principle which had guided the wisest nation of the world , and had been well imitated by our ancestors , namely , that in such pro-portion as the exigencies of the state increase , in such proportion as the defence of the country calls for greater sacrifices , in such proportion also should increase our disposition to enlarge the privileges , to ; redress the wrongs , and even to regard with temper and indulgence the occasional excesses of liberty in the people . His lordship concluded by moving for , `` An account of all Informations Ex Officio in cases of Libel , from the 1st of January 1801 to the 31st of December 1810 , specifying when the same were filed by the Attorney-General , together with the Proceedings had thereupon and the dates , thereof . '' had expected that , in I bringing forward the motion , which had 149 been just submitted to their lordships , the noble baron would have condescended to specify some instances of abuse , oppression or grievance , as the foundation for such a proceeding . He had listened with anxious and painful attention to the whole of the noble lord 's speech , in which he could find but one instance adduced as a proof of the abuses alleged to have prevailed , and even that instance was not on the side of severity—it was a case wherein a noli prosequi was entered by the Attorney General in the progress of an information against the Morning Post . Was it then on account of such an exercise of discretion , at the side of lenity too , that their lordships were called upon to range through such a mass of papers as the motion comprehended ? Was it on such ground as this , that the files of the court of King 's Bench were to be rummaged and ransacked , that a mass of useless and unnecessary papers should be cast upon their lordships ' table ? The motion of the noble baron , in extending to the last ten years , included the period during which so humble an individual as himself had the honour of filling the situation of Attorney General . Whether the noble lord meant to refer to his conduct , he knew not ; but as the noble lord was silent with respect to it , and made no allusion to it , he did not think it necessary to defend what had not been attacked ; at the same time he must say , in reference to those learned gentlemen who had succeeded him in that office , that their discharge of their public duty , and their discretion in the discharge of it , ought not to be put to the question upon grounds lightly or captiously taken up . He did not see why persons in such stations ought to be made the objects of invidious investigation , upon grounds of hazardous conjecture . As for the information desired , what could the noble lord learn from the documents he called for , which he did not know already ? If there were any matter of special interest to which he was anxious to refer , every facility in his ( lord Ellenborough 's ) power should not be wanting to the noble lord , to enable him to come at the required fact ; but he was afraid that this was not the sort of facility that was either wished for or expected . He had reason to know that