the restriction on the cash payments would of itself have created an excess , yet the Bank increased that excess by issuing an additional quantity of paper . And here , Sir , I wish particularly to call the attention of the Committee to the increase of Bank of England notes even since the investigation and Report made upon the subject by the Bullion Committee . By the Report of the Committee the average of the notes in circulation in 1809 , is staled to be 19 millions : the average of the last half year of 1809 , to be 19,600,000l . the average down to the 12th of May 1810 , to be 21,200,000l . By the documents now on the table , it appears , that the average of the Bank notes in circulation taken for the whole of the year 1810 , rose to 22,700,000l . and that the average of the first 17 days of the present year was 23 millions and a half ; being an increase in the number of Bank notes in circulation of above 2 millions , since the Bullion Committee made their Report ; To me this appears one of the most wanton , and unjustifiable acts that can well be conceived . I understand that if is to be defended on the ground , that such commercial distresses unfortunately existed in the last year , as the Bullion Report itself pointed out as the proper subjects of relief from the Bank . But whatever may have been the nature of those distresses , the want of money can : certainly not be one of them ; for money was in abundance . What other defence ; of their conduct in this instance the Bank ' can set up , I know not . But this I do knows , and assert with confidence , that the doctrine of the Directors of the Bank , as set forth in the minutes of evidence before the Bullion Committee , is wholly novel ' and quite inconsistent with the principles by which the conduct of the Bank Directors of former days were governed . It is a doctrine which , if not checked by parliamentary interference , most soon bring 817 complete ruin on the whole of the financial and pecuniary affairs of the country . What , I will ask , was the situation in which the Bank of England has been placed ? It is not my wish to impute to the Bank any original blame , or to revive the controversies of former days . The existing evil is sufficient without any such recurrence.—In the origin of the business I do allow that the Bank was placed in compulsory circumstances . The Bank directors were forced to suspend their cash payments . But still , influenced by the true and sound principles , which had influenced their predecessors , the directors were anxious to resume those payments , and made such exertions to return to the good old practice of discharging their notes in specie , that in the month of October , in the same year , they declared their willingness and wishes to return to their former system . Parliament , however , then declined the removal of the restriction ; and that which was first enacted as a temporary measure for only 50 days became a permanent war measure . The Bank directors being then placed in a new situation , had new duties imposed upon there , and they should have exercised with great judgment and exemplary moderation , the discretion which was thus vested in them , of issuing their paper without check or restraint . It had been before that period a part of the royal duties and cares to provide a sufficient and proper proportion of circulating medium for the use of the nation . There was , however , under such circumstances , little danger to be apprehended from an over issue of gold and silver coin of standard fineness and value . But when it devolved on the Bank directors to provide in paper , not convertible into gold or