that could be done but by making an addition to the judicial officers , or in whatever other manner , was the subject for after discussion . He much doubted whether the increase of causes since the time of my lord Hardwicke , was greater or not . The case of bankruptcies was certainly a great evil . The number of commissions sealed in the last year was as many as in the preceding year . A commission in that respect might assist the Chancellor , and by affording a temporary remedy , get rid of the press of business of that nature . The right hon . gent . had stated that inquiry was going on , but he had not stated whether any plan was ma- 269 tured , or whether it was in the contemplation of any one to bring forward a plan . At the same time he admitted to the right hon . gent. , that it was a question which involved great difficulties . If nothing was projected but a committee , nothing then had been done for upwards of ten months , though much had been promised . It was the duty of this House to make the inquiry and not to wait for any result of proceedings in another place . This House was the proper channel for investigating public grievances , and they must not be stopped because a committee in another place were thinking about them . said , that he thought the most expedient course was , as the delay complained of consisted chiefly in the appellant jurisdiction of the House of Lords , that the remedy should originate with them . stated , with regard to the proceedings in the courts of law , that there was not the slightest occasion for any alteration there . The business of each term was concluded in the term , and that of every sitting was concluded before the commencement of the next term . agreed in the amendment of his hon . friend , but complained that the arguments of another hon . friend of his were rather directed against a book which he did not write , than against any thing he had said . He quoted some additional cases of delay , and disclaimed any intention to cast the slightest reflection upon his noble friend who was placed at the head of the court of Chancery . said , it was his intention , if the motion of adjournment were negatived , to move the previous question . rose and spoke as follows : Mr. Speaker , in rising to address the House , pursuant to notice , it affords me the highest satisfaction to see in his place that right hon . member ( Mr. W. Pole ) whose Circular Letter lying by the order of this House on its table , is the cause of the motion with which I shall have the honour to conclude . Whether that motion shall succeed or not , 270 it will at least produce the beneficial effect of giving the right hon . member the opportunity of declaring the motives which actuated the Irish government to have recourse to the measures recommended in his Circular Letter . That letter is a most important document : it is a mandate to the entire magistracy of Ireland , desiring them , under certain suppositions , to arrest three-fourths of the population of Ireland . What the circumstances were which called for this unexpected measure , and at the particular moment produced that decision of the Irish government , which led to the promulgation of this letter , must be information most important to the state of the empire . Those circumstances are yet new to as ; there is nothing in the letter calculated to inform us of the necessity of its circulation . It was notorious that the Catholic Committee had been sitting for months , nay for years , under the very eye of the Irish government—that it had declared its intention of adding to its numbers twenty-four days before this Circular Letter was issued . I hold in