in their legislative capacity , to have firmer nerves . The hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Abercromby ) had placed the question on its fair footing , namely , whether the alteration was , or was not , on the whole , well calculated to diminish the offences in question . He asked , on this principle , was the alteration proposed best calculated to prevent the offence now more peculiarly under consideration , in those degrees and shades of guilt which it was most desirous to prevent ? Would not the severity of the punishment rather tend to check those deeper shades of criminality for which the severe punishments were always reserved ? And would not the knowledge that the capital punishment was no longer to operate be an encouragement to the perpetration of those most desperate robberies in the dwelling-house , which alone were at present visited with the punishment of death ? He could not agree , however , to the suggestion of his hon . friend ( Mr. Frankland , ) that an option might be given to prosecutors to lay their indictments capitally or not . as they chose . If this were the case , no offence would be laid as of a capital nature , unless from some improper feeling on the part of the prosecutor . As to the idea that the present measure would contribute to render punishment more certain , that he could not agree to , if by `` more certain '' was to be understood more defined , for , by the present measure , a greater latitude of punishment than that now in use was allowed . The unwillingness to prosecute , 656 he contended , was not to be attributed solely to the offence being of a capital nature , but to the expence and trouble of prosecuting , and to other similar causes . He denied that the criminal code of the country was bloody ; on the contrary , executions very rarely followed ascertained guilt . The right hon . baronet ( sir J. Anstruther ) talked as if the present measure was not an innovation , but was only bringing back the law to its original state . He would be glad to know what period of our history the right hon . bart meant . Was it the period between Henry the 7th and Edward the 3d , when murder was a clergyable felony ? If there was any part of the system proposed by his hon . and learned friend ( sir S. Romilly ) to which he peculiarly objected , as being more capable of aggravation than another , it was that of robbing from the dwelling-house , which might be greatly aggravated by being accompanied by more of terror , breach of confidence , violence and danger , than were likely to attend on robbery on a river , in a shop , & c. He would suppose the case of a servant robbing his lady , when probably he was the only other person in the house , where it could not be accomplished without creating terror , or even inflicting violence ; or , he should figure a case where a servant awoke his master in the attempt to rob him , and the only means that remained to prevent his becoming a witness against him was to add murder to the robbery . He conceived that the law should remain as it was , that it might prove a terror against the commission of the aggravated species of offences . He must , therefore , oppose the present Bill , whatever might be his course as to the others . concurred entirely in the testimony that had been borne by every gentleman who had spoken on the subject , as to the ability and ingenuity with which his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Frankland ) had opposed the present measure . He could not but observe , however , that his hon . and learned friend had been rathersevere upon him , treating him as one who , so far as