at issue . What that issue may be , I do not pretend to anticipate . It is in the hands of Providence . But standing at this moment upon that awful eminence , which divides the past from the future ; the past chequered with variety of fortune , the future overshadowed with a darkness impervious to human foresight , I am anxious to declare unequivocally , while the issue is yet undecided , that the course and the system by which the military fortunes of the country have been brought to this crisis , have my most cordial and unqualified approbation , ( Hear ! hear ! ) returned the right horn gent . thanks for the eloquence which he had displayed on this occasion , though he could by no means concur in the views he had taken upon the subject of the campaign in Portugal . From the zeal manifested by the right hon . gent . to aid the cause of the peninsula , he supposed that right hon . gent . would be much better pleased if the whole disposable force , and all the generals of the British army , were to be employed in the peninsula . wished to correct the hon . general . He did not desire that all our generals should be abroad . So long as lord Wellington was employed in the peninsula he could be well contented that some gallant generals should remain at home , to criticise the operations of the campaign , and to protect us from invasion . in pursuance of his notice , moved for the appointment of a Select Committee , to consider and report what measures may be most expedient to adopt , for the purpose of expediting the hearing and determining of Appeals and Writs of Error in the House of Lords . His lordship observed , that he should not attempt to anticipate what the recommendation of the committee might be . It was clear that some measure was necessary , there being now upwards of 270 appeals and writs of error before the House , and it being quite impossible , unless more time was devoted to hearing them than had hitherto been employed for that purpose , that the arrear of business could be got through before another arrear as great or greater had accumulated . Neither should he now observe upon what regulation it might be deemed necessary to make respecting the proceedings of the courts of equity below , in consequence of a larger portion of the attention hitherto devoted to those courts being given to the judicial proceedings of that House , as that subject would most probably come under the cognizance of the committee . then entered into the consideration of the subject at length , for the purpose of shewing that the grounds of the judicial decisions of the House ought to be put upon record . His lordship , in the course of his speech , stated the number of appeals now before the House , up to yesterday , to be , from the courts of King's-bench , Exchequer , and Exchequer Chamber , in England , 35 ; from the courts of Chancery in England and Ireland , 43 ; and from Scotland , including two from the court of Exchequer , 195 ; making a total of 273 . The delay thus arising was so great , that if not remedied , what was said by the witty lord Chesterfield to a lord complaining of a horse which he could not keep from breaking down his fences , except by putting him in a court enclosed by high walls , `` Put him into the court of chancery , depend upon it he will never get out ; '' might be applied by some future witty lord to the court of last appeal in that House . His lordship concluded by moving , `` That it be an instruction to the said committee to consider , whether it would or would not be highly advantageous , in the distribution of justice , that this House should put concisely