managers of the petition in your county . There are now three survivors of the persons who were delegates in the year 1793 ; these persons are already constituent members of the Committee , and , as such , managers of the petition ; so that you have to appoint only seven additional managers . `` —Now the Convention of 1793 was precisely of the description which the act was intended to put down . From the mention made of those who remained of the delegates , it was obvious that it was the object of the Committee to have their numbers filled up with persons of similar principles and having similar objects in view . This then formed exactly the case which the act was intended to meet . The question before the House was , had the act been misconstrued ? and if it had not , whether or not it was expedient to carry it into effect in the present instance ? He thought he had proved the legality of the act , and proved that the Catholic Committee knew it to be a legal measure . But it was said , if it was necessary to enforce it at all , why had it not been enforced at an earlier period ? If the Committee were originally an illegal assembly , it ought not to have been permitted ; and if not , after having been allowed to sit so long , it ought not now to be disturbed . This depended on circumstances . The question was not , if the delegates of 1793 and 1806 , from the nine parishes in Dublin , were to be considered as forming a legal assembly ; but whether or not , when the Catholic Committee assumed the authority of issuing their writs ( as it had been well expressed by an hon . gent . in the course of debate , ) to collect together 320 additional representatives , holding this language , —the question was , whether , under such circumstances , that assembly , which , though illegal ( if they would have it so ) , bad been winked at , and properly winked at , should not be taken some notice of when they proceeded to act in a manner different to what they acted in before , and when their proceedings were likely to lead to the most mischievous consequences ? When the hon . gent . said care ought to 42 be taken not to damp the high spirit of the `` Irish , he perceived that he was not unacquainted with the nature of the discussions which had taken place . They were highly inflammatory , and had been circulated all over the country with great activity . If the information he had on the subject from the Irish government was correct , and that it was he had no doubt , not only were the steps taken authorised by the act , but , had they not been taken , the administration would have failed in its duty . Now , as to the lenity which it was said should be displayed in putting this assembly down , it might perhaps be satisfactory for gentlemen to know , that it was likely in every respect to be attended to on the part of his grace the duke of Richmond ; and that such was precisely the effect of the instructions sent out to him by the English government . The circumstance was much lamented by all who were in office , and most particularly so by the illustrious personage at the head of the nation . With such feelings , ministers had stated to the Irish government , `` that it was their confident hope and expectation that every degree of mildness and lenity would be shewn in putting the law in force , consistent with the public security . '' The legality of the proceeding , he trusted , was established to the satifaction of every one , on the documents now before the House . To give more at present , would be to shake the authority