There were other points to which , in strict explanation , he could not now perhaps refer , though it did fall within the limits of general parliamentary explanation to advert to them . He had stated many other grounds , besides the solitary one commented on by the learned lord . Why was the learned lord wholly silent upon the increased numbers of informations which had been filed within a limited period ? Was not this a ground , and had he not stated it ? 153 Had he not also stated the time which in many instances had been allowed to elapse between the filing of the information and the trial ? Was his no ground ? Had he not also mentioned the practice of hanging over the heads of the persons accused , informations which had been afterwards abandoned ? The learned lord 's speech , he repeated , was throughout a complete mis-statement and misapprehension of his facts and reasoning . He should reserve what else he had to say for his reply at the end of the debate . , in explanation , said , that while the noble lord was professing not to dispute the legality of information , he was , in fact , questioning it . in justice to his noble friend , could not help stating , that in point of fact he certainly did not question the legality of Informations Ex Officio . What he did question , he did not believe even the chief justice himself could contradict him in , and that was , that the mode of exercising the power of filing Informations Ex Officio might be such as to become illegal . What ! when those informations , invented for the purposes of expedition , were suffered to hang protracted over the head of an individual , would any man say , that such an exercise of them did not become illegal ? No man could say otherwise . Yet this was all his noble friend asserted ; and the misrepresentation to which he had been subjected must of course have arisen from his being misunderstood . He had asserted , also , that the hanging those informations , suspended in terrorem over the heads of individuals , an act so different from their original intention , could be done for no other earthly purpose than that of upholding influence . To this no answer whatever was given ; and yet his noble friend was accused of uttering it `` lightly and factiously , '' ( `` captiously , '' across the table ) well , no matter , they were both nearly the same ( A laugh . ) If he , for instance , made any attack on the chief justice , or attempted to give the noble and learned lord on the woolsack a trimming , no doubt in the estimation of them both there would no be a more `` factious '' man in the kingdom than their humble servant , This was a very serious subject , and his noble friend had treated it as such ; he had quoted the opinion of Mr. Dunning , the ablest lawyer that ever graced the English bar , that Ex Officio Informations , though coming within the letter , did not come within the spirit of the law , and 154 ought to be done away with as they might in some instances become tyrannous and oppressive . It was agreed on all bands that abuses might creep into the system , and those abuses could only be stopped and corrected by parliamentary vigilance . One abuse , for instance , was the delay which had been already alluded to . This could only be encouraged for the purpose of undue influence . Their lordships ought carefully to distinguish between two species of libels . The one species was libels against individuals , and these it was their duty , as they regarded the prosperity , and honour and character of the country , to discourage . If such libels were suffered , society could not exist . Truth in such cases was