Mr. Babington , and which is signed with their names , I can not help it , but government were bound to believe it . These magistrates had received particular instructions for the regulation of their conduct when they went to the place where the assembly was to be held ; and these instructions were , that they should disperse the meeting with as much civility as the nature of the transaction would allow . The magistrates went to the place appointed for the meeting ; they found there a number of gentlemen assembled , and immediately upon their arrival lord Ffrench was called to the chair , and the alderman asked if the persons assembled were the Catholic Committee ? Lord Ffrench answered in the negative , and `` aid they were a number of Catholic gentlemen assembled to sign their petition . Upon receiving this answer , the alderman hesitated , and at last determined to apply to government for further instruction . He accordingly came to the chief secretary 's office , where I was , and made his report . The Court of Chancery was at that time sitting ; I went thither , and had an interview with the lord chancellor and the attorney general , and consulted with them upon the subject . We ail agreed , that after what lord Ffrench had said , no attempt should be made to disperse that meeting . We considered lord Ffrench to be a gentleman and a man of honour , and therefore we placed implicit confidence in what we understood him to have declared . I admit , that afterwards the meeting did signing and forwarding their petition ? Lord Ffrench declared that it was not a Catholic Committee , and said he would shew the magistrates that that meeting could not be the Catholic Committee , and was proceeding to say more , when he was interrupted . `` Mr. O'Gorman asked alderman . Darley if he entered that room for the purpose of preventing the Catholic body from signing their petition to parliament , he , Mr. O'Gorman , having come there for that purpose , during his , alderman Darley 's absence ? Alderman Darley said , certainly not . `` As far as we can recollect , this is a correct statement of the substance of what occurred . '' ( Signed ) FRED . DARLEY . THOS . R. BABINGTON . 304 publish some resolutions , in which they called themselves the general Committee of the Catholics ; but I know too well the candour of the right hon . and learned gent , to suppose that he would for a moment , in so serious a discussion , avail himself of such a quibble . I am quite certain , that if he had been in the Irish government when this affair took place , he would have given credit , as we did , to the information which was received . The right hon . and learned gent has stated , that we were culpable , because , having designated the Catholic Committee an illegal assembly , it was suffered to meet again . It is true , Sir , that on the 26th of February , the day I left Ireland , it was represented to government , that an aggregate meeting of the Catholics was to take place , and it was determined not to interfere with them , because such a meeting would have been legal and constitutional . Government were certainly aware that a considerable sensation had been excited among the principal Catholics ; we knew that they were very angry at the terms of the circular letter written by the lord lieutenant 's command . I am willing to give the right hon . and learned gent-the lull benefit of this admission ; but I will not allow myself to doubt , that when the Catholics come to reflect seriously upon the subject ; when they consider , that the step which was resorted to was taken with the best advice , and after a full , calm , and deliberate investigation ,