dissent from the doctrines and discipline of the Established Church . King William attempted several salutary measures , some of which , he was happy to think , he did accomplish ; and others , he was sorry to say , had not been successful : but he effected one , the Toleration Act , which had secured religious liberty to the people of this country . Another act was passed in the 19th of the present reign , which amended that of king William . But if their lordships would turn their attention to the terms of these two acts , they would find that the appointments of ministers and teachers of religion were made contrary to the spirit and true intent of those statutes . He should ever consider the present mode of appointment as injurious to society , and such as he was sure was condemned by every worthy and enlightened Dissenter . It was a matter of importance to society , that not every person , without regard to his moral character or his intellectual faculties , should assume to himself the office of instructing his fellow-creatures in their duty to God . It could never be the wish of the Dissenters ; indeed , from the communication he had had with that respectable class of men , he knew it was contrary to their ideas that a person should thus 1130 take upon himself the assumption that he was competent to become the religious instructor of others . On this subject he had gained extensive information , and had been made acquainted with facts , which shewed that abuses existed to a considerable degree in the self-appointment of improper individuals . For such was the mode generally pursued on this occasion , that if any person , however depraved , however ignorant and illiterate , whether descending from a chimney or a pillory , if he appeared at the quarter sessions , and claimed to take the oath of allegiance to his Sovereign and that against Popery , and made the necessary declaration provided by the 19th of Geo . III . he was entitled to , and could demand a certificate , although there was no proof of his fitness to preach , or of his having any congregation requiring his ministerial services . Thus it resulted that the immunities granted by these acts were in a number of instances claimed and enjoyed by individuals , to the greater burden of the rest of their fellow-subjects . Down to 1802 , one of those immunities was an exemption from military services ; and , to this time , from serving on juries , and other civil duties , which were forced upon other members of society . There was considerable evil in this respect , as the immunities were extended to persons who certainly , by every fair interpretation of the act , were not intended to receive that privilege . With respect to the mode of rectifying such abuses , he now meant to present a Bill to their lordships , and then should desire that it be read a first time . The object of this measure was , in the first place to procure a clear declaration of the law , to remove the erroneous interpretation adopted by magistrates in general , and to prevent improper persons from their own assumption taking upon them an office of all others the most important to a well-regulated community . He should be sorry if it were thought that he cast any imputation upon the different orders and classes of men ; but in the account of abuses he had received , and the individuals described , though he would forbear to mention any name , there were persons claiming those certificates , who were coblers , tailors , pig-drovers , and chimney-sweepers . He could see a noble lord ( Holland ) smile at this recital : perhaps he considered this a fanciful objection ; but he could assure the noble lord , he meant no imputation on the trade or employments of those men . But when he looked round the House