, and it was not long after , when the individual came to thank him for his success , that he was convinced by his manner , that the motion , in which he had succeeded , was the greatest injury that could have happened to the unfortunate man . He was justified , therefore , in assuming that the noble lord would not supersede a commission of lunacy without the fullest proof of the perfect restoration of the patient . Would the House , then , or ought they to be satisfied with a statement of the physicians , that his Majesty was competent on any particular day , or on any hour of any day , to the personal exercise of his functions ? Would such a statement , in the case of an individual , be admitted by lord Eldon in the Court of Chancery , as sufficient to set aside a commission of lunacy ? He had taken much pains to ascertain by what rules the practice of the Court of Chancery was regulated in such cases . In the case of the Attorney General versus Panther and others , which was an issue out of Chancery to the Court of King 's Bench , to try the validity of a will , made under the following circumstances : the testatrix , Frances Barton , had been previously disordered in her mind , but at the time of making her will , was proved by the attesting witnesses to be of sound disposing mind : no imputation was cast upon the character of the witnesses : the jury found in favour of the will ; but the decision not being satisfactory to lord Kenyon , an application was again made to lord Thurlow . In that argument it was laid down by that noble and learned lord , that if derangement be alledged , it must be proved ; but that if any lucid intervals have existed , the bulk of proof was to shew the soundness and sanity at the time of the lucid interval ; and that such evidence must be as strong and as demonstrative as was the proof of the previous derangement—that it must go to the habit and general demeanour of the person , and not depend upon the existence of any temporary self-possession . From this doctrine laid down by that 66 noble and learned lord , it was obvious that before the lucid interval could be recognised , the disease must be entirely gone and dissipated—that there must remain no latent spark , which might revive the phrensy or recal the delusion—that the interval should not have been produced by medical expedients for certain occasions , and particular business . At the time when Dr. Heberden represented his Majesty as having been so well as at any time of any day to be capable of business , another of the physicians admitted that he was liable to hurries , but that business generally had the effect of restoring him to calmness and composure . Why , this very effort of business was what he considered as one of the medical expedients . He could have wished to cross-examine these physicians on their evidence . ( A laugh from the treasury bench ) . He could have wished to ask Dr. Heberden , whether , when he said that the King was perfectly well after the 23d of April , he did not know that Dr. Simmons was attending his Majesty ; that that physician continued for some time after in attendance on the King , and had employed even other attendants near his Majesty 's person . If he had asked these questions , and Dr. Heberden had answered , as he knew he must have done , in the affirmative , would the right hon . gentleman scoff at such a cross-examination ? He would ask the lord chancellor himself , too , whether at the time when he , in the name of the King , exercised certain acts of the executive authority , he was not aware of the controul exercised over his Majesty ? Whether