manufactories ; neither was it likely that the manufacturer who took two or three hundred apprentices could pay that attention to their morals that was due , or in any way stand in loco parentis , as the law required the master to do . A very considerable number of children were regularly imported into Lancashire from the metropolis , for the purpose of the manufactories . To remedy the great evil which often resulted from children being thus sent friendless into distant parts of the country , he wished there should be a regulation that they should not be sent to a greater distance than forty miles from the place of their settlement ; at this distance they might be occasionally visited by some of their overseers or by their parents , which would prevent their being ill-treated by their masters . He would wish at least to try the experiment whether employment could not be found for the poor children of this metropolis within the distance of forty miles from it . He should also propose a limitation of the number of apprentices which were to be bound to one man , as it was impossible that in those manufactories where many hundreds of children were taken apprentices , due attentions should be paid to each of them . He would also propose , that 40 days should elapse between the time that the child was sent and the completion of the indentures , in order that it should be ascertained what was the temper and character of the master . After a few general observations upon the advantages of regulations similar to those he had mentioned , he moved for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the state of parish apprentices . Leave was given , and the Bill was immediately brought in and read a first time . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit a motion relative to the pay of Officers of the Navy on foreign stations . In consequence ' of the fluctuation of the foreign exchanges , or rather the depression of them against this country , the officers of the navy on the Mediterranean station , and at Lisbon , actually suffered a loss of about 30 per cent . on all pay remitted to them . All that he desired , was , that the navy should 750 in this respect be put on a footing with the army , and that they should receive their pay at par . This question , which was merely brought for the comforts of the navy , and was quite abstracted from all party considerations , would , he hoped , receive the sanction of the House . He understood that it was to be opposed by-some of his Majesty 's ministers , but he could not conceive upon what ground , as the matter appeared to him so strictly just and reasonable . He could see no reason why the officers of the navy should not receive the same advantages in this respect as the officers of the army . He concluded by moving that this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Act of the 35 Geo . 3 , c. 94 , respecting the wages and pay of certain officers of his Majesty 's Navy , so far as relates to Bills drawn by Officers serving on Foreign Stations under the provisions thereof . was convinced that no party considerations were mixed with the present question . Every man must feel for the honour and comforts of the navy , and in this feeling he partook as much as the gallant officer , or any other man . The gallant officer must have known , that what he had proposed , it was not in the power of the Admiralty to do , and that it could only be done by that House . Before he adverted to the situation of officers employed in the Mediterranean , he should first generally state , that before the year 1795 , the officers , as well as the ship 's company