information . The letter of the right hon . gent , is prepared , with the advice of the lord chancellor and the attorney general . Why then not let the people know that these great law authorities had sanctioned it ? why keep them in the dark as to the source from which a measure of such severity had emanated ? With all the respect which I feel for lord Manners , if he was the author of that letter , I will condemn it and pronounce it to be unwarranted by law . Omitting my first objection to it , I contend , that the part referring to attendance at Catholic meetings , to be directly contrary to the law . The right hon . gent , says `` who ever heard of a proclamation in such a case , to enforce an act of the legislature . '' It would have been well if on this point he had consulted his legal friends too , and he would then have 320 found , that on the execution of any law , the object of which is to prevent popular insurrection , the government has uniformly given notice by proclamation of their intention . The Committee has been accused this night of a design to constitute itself a permanent assembly . Sir , it is , most satisfactory tome , and I am sure it must be satisfactory to the country to learn that in defence of the rigorous edict of the Irish government , nothing more has been alledged against the Catholic meetting than that they had appointed a Committee of Grievances . I was afraid that , goaded by continued disappointment , and tired of unavailing supplication , they had been instigated to steps fatal to their cause , and deserving of the restraint and chastisement of government . Happy am I to find myself so utterly mistaken . The right hon . gent , tells us that , not with standing the retrospective operation of the Convention Act , implied by the letter of his ; mandate , that operation was not intended , by the Irish government to be enforced . We are now informed of this for the first , time ; it was therefore , I presume , another part of that notable secresy for which the right hon . gent , has taken so much credit to himself . But why was it necessary to make these superfluous threats He now says , he is sorry that many persons should have taken this measure in such bad part , or that they should feel any soreness on such an occasion . But if he was really anxious to preserve harmony in the country , why did he not , before he thundered his anathema , send for some of the gentlemen of the Committee , and warn them of the determination of government ? Was it incumbent on him to contradict . himself , and do acts only to reverse them ? , Was it necessary for him to make a practical bull , in order to prove himself a good Irishman ? I should have thought some , previous intimation , at least some amicable expostulation , to be a judicious preface to , such a letter as that of the right hon . gent. , An allusion has been made to a supposed , transaction when I was Chancellor in . Ireland , and it has been said that there are rumours that it was the intention of the Irish government at that time to have enforced the provisions of the Convention Act . I must distinctly say , that while I held that office , I saw no manifestation whatever of any disposition which could render such a step necessary ? I did indeed admonish the Committee to exercise the utmost discretion . I entreated them 321 not to throw away ad vantages , or put themselves in the power of their enemies . I told them that no harsh or compulsive measures were contemplated , but that , if called on , government would do its duty