the army ; and the Catholic soldiers , as well as those of other sects , are to be allowed , in all such cases , to attend the divine worship of the Almighty , according to their several persuasions , when duty does not interfere , in the same manner , and under the same regulations , as those of the established church . '' These orders , said the hon . member , necessarily suggest several very important considerations ; in the first place , they dispense with the law of the land ; for the first article of war makes it lawful to punish a Catholic soldier , if he refuses to frequent divine service at the place he shall appoint . They prove that the practice of preventing Catholic soldiers from attending divine service , according to the tenets of their religion , is common , for otherwise so authoritative a mode of interfering would not be requisite , nor would it have been necessary to repeat these orders , as it appears they have been repeated since 1806 . They likewise prove , from the circumstances respecting them , that they do not afford an effectual remedy . It is obvious that they can not , they must soon be forgotten , and in point of fact they become wholly useless in a few months 353 after they are issued . For this reason it is that the clause which is now proposed is absolutely necessary , in order to carry into effect the intentions of the Irish government . It will do that for ever which they have failed in being able to accomplish by their repeated orders , and , therefore , they ought , beyond all others , to be willing to support it . The instances that have been mentioned refer only to Ireland ; the hon . member said , that similar cases frequently occur in this country . Sir John Cox ; Hippesley states , in the speech he has published on the Catholic question , that the Catholic prelates have frequently addressed government upon the subject , that he presented an address to the duke of Portland in 1800 , in which they say , `` no sooner was a regiment , though chiefly composed of Catholics , arrived in England , or in any other part of the empire , than they were forced to conform to the established church A case that had lately happened at Woolwich had been put into his hands , which he would read to the House.—He had made very careful inquiry as to the accuracy of it , and had been assured of its truth by such good authority that he could undertake to say , that if it shall be further investigated the facts of it will be completely borne out . `` A private of the royal artillery , who was born and bred a Roman Catholic , on the 6th of January last , was ordered to attend the divine service of the established church . This he refused in very civil and decent terms . Upon which , he was confined in a dark room for twelve days . '' Though this is the only case he was at present able to state to the House , when it is considered that Catholic soldiers imagine , when they come to England , that they must conform for the time , and go to church , and how difficult it is to acquire information , in consequence of the punishment a soldier exposes himself to by complaining against his commanding officer—the fair conclusion to be drawn is , that this practice very commonly prevails—as a matter of general notoriety , it certainly does—and therefore a remedy was wanting for the evil as well in England as in Ireland . With respect to the recruiting of the army , Mr. Parnell said , there was no measure which would promote it so much as the adopting of the proposed clause . He had made it his business to inquire from those who were best , able to give him