who were in a peculiar degree , the beloved of the nation . He thought the right hon . gentleman 's way of teaching them frugality and economy was rather a curious one . To be sure , if from the income of a man of a hundred a year , you take away thirty , that man is obliged to be economical and frugal in spite of himself . But he did not know what right they had to force people to be economic and frugal in that manner , or why the naval officers should be fined in the amount of 30 per cent . on their pay merely because they were sent to serve their country in the Mediterranean . The right hon . gent , had seemed afraid that all the officers would turn money-brokers , if their bills were payable at par . [ Mr. Croker said , across the table , `` not all , but many of them . '' ] Oh ! then it seemed that the Secretary to the Admiralty did allow that there might be some splendid exceptions of officers who would not be money-brokers ! He differred from him , however , in this respect , and thought that very few of our naval officers thought of making money by calculating rates of exchange . Their principal calculation of gain was from taking prizes . He hoped the House would do that justice to the navy which the ministers did not appear inclined to do in the present instance ; and he should wish that the hon . officer would take the sense of the House , in order that it might appear who voted against their claim and who supported it . said , the hon . gent , had not refuted any one of the arguments of the right hon . gent , who preceded him ; and on one or two occasions , had shewn that he completely misunderstood him . On one of these occasions , after a long tirade , he had felt the necesity of confessing his ignorance of what , perhaps , every body in the House but himself completely understood . He rose at present to take notice of an unfair construction that had been attempted to be put upon his meaning , when the hon . gent , first charged his right hon . friend with having said , that all the officers of the navy would become money brokers ; and then attempted to convert his ( Mr. Groker 's ) dissent into an expression that there might be some . The expressions make use of by his right hon . friend ; were very different from those assigned to 751 him by the hon . gent . ; and he had no right , therefore , to put what he must call a calumnious construction on his sentiments . said that he felt as much for the honour and comforts of the navy as any man , and had done all that lay in the power of his humble efforts to promote them . He therefore trusted that he should not be considered an enemy to the navy , although he must oppose the present motion . On some stations the exchange was in favour of the officer , and on the Jamaica station in particular , it had been pretty permanently 12 per cent . in their favour . The calculation of the allowances to be made to the naval officers would be extremely difficult , as there was no pay master as in the army . supported the motion , al-though he was generally in favour of increases of pay and allowance originating with ministers , and not in that House . He certainly did not think that it would be right to be calculating minute variations of exchange , but that when a very strong case was made out for relief , as he conceived this to be , he thought the officers should not be permitted to suffer so very considerably . conceived , that great difficulty would arise , if we were to