circulating paper ? Or will it be said that the Committee were taken by surprise , and not aware of the nature and tendency of the measure , when it appears from their report , that they had the subject distinctly under consideration , with reference to the former Act of 1793 , and have reported a clear , and as it seems to me , an accurate opinion upon it ? What says the Bullion Report itself ? Adverting to the circumstances of 1793 , it contains the following passage : — '' In the year 1793 , a distress was occasioned by a failure of confidence in the country circulation , and a consequent pressure upon that of London . The Bank of England did not think it advisable to enlarge their issues to meet this increased demand ; 923 and their notes previously issued , circulating less freely in consequence of the alarm that prevailed , proved insufficient for the necessary payments . In this crisis , Parliament applied a remedy very similar in its effect to an enlargement of the advances and issues of the Bank . A loan of Exchequer-bills was authorised to be made to as many mercantile persons , giving good security , as should apply for them ; and the confidence which this measure diffused , as well as the increased means which it afforded , of obtaining Bank-notes through the sale of the Exchequer-bills , speedily relieved the distress both of London and the country . Without offering an opinion on the expediency of the particular mode in which this operation was effected , your Committee think it an important illustration of the principle , that an enlarged accommodation is the true remedy for that occasional failure of confidence in the country districts , to which our system of paper credit is unavoidably exposed . '' How then could those gentlemen , feeling and expressing as they did , in common with others , the obvious objections which presented themselves against the late creation of Exchequer-bills , and knowing likewise that it was utterly subversive of the doctrines of their report , yet concur in voting for the Bill , but that they entertained so much doubt of the expediency of carrying their own theories into practice , as to give way to a measure , which the public opinion seemed to call for , as required by the extraordinary circumstances of our present situation ? I applaud this instance of their caution and moderation , and it leads me to hope that though they have thought it necessary , for whatever reasons , to propose the present most extraordinary proceeding , they will not feel any disappointment if they find the sense of the majority against them . My learned friend has accused me of having drawn the Propositions , which it is my intention to submit to the consideration of the House , in case they shall concur with me in rejecting his proposed Resolutions , in such a manner , as to give no clear view of the principles for which I mean to contend . In the first place it is not my object to pledge Parliament to the recognition of abstract principles , but to record facts . I believe the British Parliament to be the most intelligent and enlightened body of men in the world , and it is so happily composed , that no subject 924 either of science or of practice can be introduced , which will not meet with many adequate judges , But I by no means think that it is in any large assembly , even so composed , that abstract principles are best discussed and decided . In the next place , it is not so much to the principles of my learned friend 's Re solution , that I object , as to the application of them ; I perfectly agree in principles which he has applied to facts , to which , in my opinion , they can have no reference , or which I think wholly un founded ; and this will be evident to any