me ( Mr. Grattan ) will not think 294 that we acted with too much forbearance ; for I understood him to have said , in his speech upon a late occasion , that it was the duty of the government of Ireland to risk something for the purpose of evincing a greater tenderness towards the Catholics than towards any other set of men in Ireland . Precisely in the spirit of that remark , Sir , has the Irish government acted . I know that in any other case the lord lieutenant would have interfered much sooner ; and I can take upon myself In assert , that if the Committee had been a Protestant , a Dissenting , or an Orange Committee , instead of a Catholic one , it would not have been allowed to go on so long unmolested . It was on a calm and deliberate balance of motives , and with a full feeling for the responsibility incurred , that the lord lieutenant adopted that line of conduct which appeared to him best calculated to secure the interests of the sovereign and of the country . I really feel it necessary to apologize to the House for taking up so much time ; but upon so important a question , I conceive it to be my duty to put the House in the full possession of all the facts of the case . I now come , Sir , to the other part of the charge of the tight hon . and learned gent . The House will recollect , that I have brought the proceedings of the Catholic Committee down to the 9th of Feb. With regard to Mr. Hay 's circular letter of the 1st of January , the Irish government never saw it until the 10th of Feb . I know , at least I understand , that a noble lord stated in another place , that he was in possession of that letter early in January . That is very possible—that noble lord may be more in the confidence of those from whom that letter emanated , than the Irish government are . It may be contended , that the Irish government , in not having obtained this letter sooner , had shewn themselves supine and unfit for office . In answer to this charge , I can only say , that every fair means of obtaining that information was resorted to ; that great diligence was used upon that particular subject , by the persons whose duty it was to receive information ; and yet it is most true that the letter of Mr. Hay was not known to me until the period I have mentioned . But whether the government were censurable or not , for not obtaining information upon this subject at an earlier period , is not now the question before the House.—The question is , whether ; when 295 they did obtain the information , the course they pursued was justifiable and proper ? On the 10th of February , then , the Irish government obtained a copy of this circular letter , and at the same time received private information of the most secret nature , that several thousand copies of that letter were circulating in Ireland ; that many members of the augmented Committee had been returned ; that some of them had actually arrived in Dublin ; and that the whole of them were expected to arive time enough for the meeting of the 16th of February , or at latest for that of the 23d . We were also informed , that the letter had been penned by the lawyers belonging to the Catholic Committee , and that great pains had been taken to keep within the letter of the law , and to avoid inclining its penalties , the object being to obtain a complete representative body from all the counties of Ireland , under the pretext of assisting in managing the petition , it was also stated , that when all the members had arrived , and the Catholic convention had assembled , it would be kept sitting ,