the higher classes , by holding them ' out as borough-mongers , who would think of laying out 1,000l . on such an object . On the whole , he thought the law sufficient , without the present Bill ; and if they had any suspicion of the insufficiency of the bribery acts , they ought to wait till a general election , when they would have a trial . thought that there were sufficient grounds for allowing the present Bill to go into a committee . The declaration of the Bribery Bill established the existence of that , which its enactments were found insufficient to remedy . He gave that Bill his support , differing from every one of his friends in his opinion of it , notwithstanding it was so mutilated and changed in its passage through the House by persons whom he never should have expected to see in the light of reformers , that he was convinced of its inefficacy , from an idea that some of the objections against it , ought to have been pointed out by some of his friends.—The hon . gent . who opposed the Bill , said that he could not see the necessity of it , as from our advancement in 504 purity , there was now a great diminution of cases of bribery . When he heard this declaration , he could not but call to mind the speech which they had heard delivered with so much eloquence from the Chair , which deservedly endeared him to the nation and would endear him to posterity . It was notorious that the House of Commons was not possessed of that power and that influence which a House of Commons ought to have , but was stained with spots , which those who were best attached to it , could wish washed away . He confessed he was anxious for a considerable reform in the House . Let the House look to the present moment , and the present situation of the country , and then say if the greatest victory which could be obtained would not be a restoration of the purity of that House . It was well known that the Bribery Act was turned from the purposes for which it was intended . The hon . gent . asked for cases . There were cases with which the hon . gent . could not be acquainted ; but if a single case could be adduced , was it not necessary to prevent the possibility of recurrence ? It became necessary , therefore , to send the Bill to a committee , where the subject could undergo a complete discussion.—The hon . gent . asked if they would permit a man to come before the House who had no interest in the question ? Gracious God ! was there a man in the country who was not interested in every thing that concerned the purity of the House ! He asked why the mode of evidence on the Bill was not extended to treason ? The principle of the law of treason was deservedly the subject of admiration . It considered that he who was the presumed enemy of every man , should therefore be entitled to peculiar protection . But here the object was not punishment , but the preservation of the purity of the House , by preventing a man from sitting in it , who shall have committed au act of bribery , an object of much greater importance than the conviction of the offender , and perfectly distinct from it.—Those who were afraid of the advocates of reform out of doors would do well to consider , that the most effectual way to prevent converts to that doctrine elsewhere , was to do every thing themselves that was temperate and just ; and if they were to put art extinguisher upon reform by strangling the present Bill , they would take the most effectual means of giving currency to the doctrines they dreaded . Let the Bill go through every stage , and let it be discussed 505 with all the patience and all