other hand , I must as fairly confess that I think the Bullion Committee has been hardly dealt with in the course of these discussions . A stranger who had derived his only knowledge of the case from the debates of the two last nights , -would almost have been led to imagine that the Bullion Committee was some Strange and self-erected power , wholly extrinsic to the constitution , and independent of the controul of this House ; who without commission and without provocation had thought fit to intermeddle in the affairs of the Government and of the Bank , and to attempt the subversion of a system not only eminently beneficial , but confessedly without fault , without mischief ; and without danger ; a system with which all the world was perfectly satisfied in all its parts , until this officious Committee thought tit to disturb the general satisfaction . But what is the true history of this proceeding ? —A Committee was appointed last year by the House of Commons , to inquire into the causes of the high price of gold bullion , and into the state of the foreign exchanges arid of the currency 1078 of the country . They took these subject into their consideration : they brought to that consideration talents , and information , such as have rarely been collected together in any one Committee of this House ; and they bestowed upon it ( that praise no man denies to the Committee ) unremitted , diligence and labour . The result of their investigations they submitted to the House , according to its injunction , and to their duty , —And because that result was to some persons unexpected and is to others unpalatable , are we therefore justified in turning round upon the Committee of our own appointment , and rebuking them for the execution of the task which we had imposed upon them ? —What would we have had them do ? refuse the task allotted to them by the House ? —or decline to render an account of the inquiries which we had ordered them to institute ? —Or would we have had them fashion their Report , in spite of their own conviction , to the creed or the convenience of any persons or party , and recommend only whatever might best flatter our prejudices , and justify our inaction ? If such were our Wish , why was the Committee named ? Why was not the proposal for its appointment rejected , orat least opposed ? I was in the House on the day when it was proposed ; and , so far as I recollect , not . a single voice was raised against it . If the subject did not require investigation , it was idle , and not only idle , but mischievous , to set the investigation on foot . If it was apprehended that the possible or probable result might be prejudicial to the interests of the country , then was the time to stop . It would , then have been perfectly easy to do so . A single word , the intimation of a doubt from any quarter of the House might , at that moment , have checked the proceeding . But to institute an inquiry upon a matter of great difficulty , with a predetermination to come to but one conclusion , is neither very creditable to those who appoint , nor very just to those who are appointed , the conductors of it . Although I do not go with the Committee ( as I shall presently have occasion to explain ) to the length of their practical conclusion ; and although the details of this intricate and perplexing subject are , as little agreeable to my taste , or , habits , as to those of any person in the House ; —although I would as gladly as any , body ; have turned aside , from the task of examining the reasonings and deductions of 1079 the Report ; —yet I can not in justice throw upon the members of the Committee the