stands , of keeping these prosecutions hanging over the heads of individuals for an indefinite period ; but I did not complain that this had ever been done . The Attorney General states a case where he entered a noli prosequi to relieve the mind of the person against whom a prosecution had been commenced . I am bound to acknowledge the truth of that statement , and to bear testimony to the kindness with which the Attorney General acted in that case—but why is this the only noli prosequi which he has entered ? Why , in other cases where prosecutions have been dropped—or at least not proceeded on—why have they not been put a final stop to in this way ? Why have they been left in such a state , that at any future period they may be taken up again either by the present or any future Attorney General ? Why were not the minds of these other individuals equally set at rest ? Sir , I complain of this : these people are still under the lash . It is not in full operation ; but it is kept suspended over them , and may at any future period be again brought into operation.—And now , Sir , with respect to that case , which the Attorney General states so triumphantly , of the only person who has been committed under the 48th of the King . The Attorney General says that I misrepresented that Act , when I said that it gave him the power to hold all the King 's subjects to bail . I surely could not be understood to mean that it empowered the Attorney General himself to take bail , or to commit . I have read the Act and I know it means no such thing ; but it does that which is tantamount to it . It empowers a Judge— ( I am not quite sure whether or no it is imperative on the Judge ) —it empowers him , however , at all events , to hold to bail or commit any person against whom the Attorney General 611 files his Information . Is this nothing ? The Attorney General may file his Information against whom he pleases , and on Affidavit of the filing of the Information , the Judge may hold to bail or commit . Then , I say , that this gives the Attorney General the power of having any person whom he pleases , held to bail.—But this Act , it seems , has only once been brought into operation . Has the Act done no good ? it ought , then , to be repealed . Is it useless ? it ought to be repealed . It has been useful in one case : and that case the Attorney General states triumphantly . He says it is the case of one O'Gorman , who after an Information filed against him for a libel , republished the Libel , and was then brought under the operation of this Act , and being unable to find bail was committed . I say , that this case , instead of being a triumphant one for the Attorney General , is a case of most gross and flagrant abuse . In the first place—a libel ! —by what right does the Attorney General call the publication in question a libel ? 'Has it ever been so proved ? Has the author ever been tried and convicted of being a libeller ? No . The Attorney General , for reasons which he has stated , has never brought this work to the test of a trial . It is , therefore , no libel in law ; and he has no right so to call it ? —.Then , as to the republication of this work , which the Attorney General is pleased to call a libel , I understand that the fact is not true . Previous to the filing of the first Information , a second edition of the work was sent to the press . The putting the Information on the file did