sense of united interests to influence them . But in the consideration of the political interests of a great country , it was not merely what was desirable , that ought to be adopted : their lordships were bound to consider and determine , in the first instance , whether any probability existed , that any efforts , which it was possible to make , could be successful ; or whether , by mistrusting those efforts , which under a more seasonable application of them might succeed , they would not only make them frustrate the immediate object in view , but also contribute to produce the very reverse of that which they were intended to accomplish . It was not because he entertained an opinion that the country should abstain from generous , if only useful and possible , ef- 454 forts ; it was not because he entertained the doctrine that they were not interested in the fate of Europe ; it was , because he saw no hope of salvation to the country so long as Europe remained under subjection to France , that he wished her at present carefully to husband her resources . It was not from selfish motives that he wished their lordships to act ; it was not merely from considerations of their own advantage ; but from the most generous of all motives , that they might at last be able to act with effect , and in the great cause of all nations to employ their whole energies with success . They had been told that night , that it was proper still to continue their efforts ; and they were told this as if up to that moment these efforts had been successful . `` Look back '' ( said his lords ship ) `` to Spain—look to the sacrifices , to the losses which have been there sustained , in wild and impracticable projects , and see the situation in which Spain is at this moment—look to the immediate object of this motion , Portugal . What had been the fruits of the operations there ? What is now the state of Spain ? What the situation of Portugal ? What return has been made to this country , what benefit has she reaped from the immense exertions , the enormous sums that have already been expended in aid of that cause ? All that we have been told in answer to this question is , that the enemy has not yet been able to achieve the conquest and subjugation of Portugal ; that the British army is still there.—Yes , the British army is still there ; but does it possess more of the country than the ground which it actually occupies ? This is all that is held out to your lordships respecting the present state of affairs in that country . As to the future , not one word has been uttered to encourage our hopes , to cheer our prospects , to afford the slightest consolation for all the efforts and sacrifices which have already been fruitlessly made in pursuit of the same unattainable objects . We are not even told that all this enormous expence will tend to defend and ultimately secure Portugal . The only reason and encouragement with which we are favoured in justification of it is , that it is hoped we may long continue to maintain that narrow spot of ground which our army now occupies . Thus , in hazarding our best means , we do not essentially contribute to help or save Portugal , while we vainly drain our own resources , and risk our own safety—those resources which , if prudently managed , 455 and providently laid up for a more propitious moment , would not only secure , but might also be effectually employed in the support and defence of other countries . Not that in making these observations I would be understood by your lordships as not taking the most lively interest in the cause of the peninsula , and as not being as willing as any man to make every effort and sacrifice in