of the House to the following paper , containing nominally an account of the expenditure of the same vote for the same , as a curious specimen of official dexterity in manufacturing a statement , by means of which a true return may be rendered as to figures , while the result must lead to a false conclusion . It 510 is undeniable that out of any given sum , no more than the amount of that sum itself can be expended ; but it is equally true that a detail made out with the greatest apparent accuracy , exhibiting a part only of the sums actually paid for several heads of service , and suppressing the total charge , without any notice or indication that any further expence was incurred , could not induce the least suspicion that when the Board of Works professed , out of the vote of 25,000l . to have a balance of 16s . 6½d . in hand , they had in fact run in debt to the amount of 25,014l . `` He wished to ask the Committee , whether the returns made by the Board of Works deserved this censure ? they had stated that the whole expenditure amounted to 50,000l . and afterwards they gave a detailed account of the manner in which the 25,000l . had been expended . They had in fact , done that which they were required by the precept to do , and therefore he could not but think that the observation made upon them in the report contained an unfounded aspersion upon their character . The Board of Works had made a complaint to him upon this subject , and stated , that they had made another return to the Committee respecting the sum of 14,000l . expended over and above the 25,000l . of which no notice whatever was taken in the report . He would not trouble the Committee any longer , but he hoped it would appear from what he had stated , that the Irish government was anxious to reduce the public expence as much as possible , and that they were not disposed to adhere to old forms when upon examination they appeared to be improper . said that as the two returns had been received together , he supposed he had taken up one of their first , which led to the censure which appeared in the report of which he avowed himself to be the author . At the same time he wished to state , that he was not disposed to retract what he had said , because he was of opinion that the returns were made in such a way as if they wished to keep back a part of the truth . said , his hon . friend was not aware of the manner in which the Board of Works drew for the money which was necessary for the services which they were required to perform . In the first instance they drew until the 25,000l . the amount of the usual grant , was exhausted , and then they were under the necessity of drawing upon other funds , to cover the whole of 511 their expenditure.—They were required by the precept of the Committee to give an account of the expenditure of the 25,000l . which they had done , and they had also given the details of the whole of the expenditure of the year , what could they do more ? In fact they had endeavoured to give every information in their power , and he was sure the Committee would , when they looked at the returns , be of opinion , that they had in every respect , and in the fullest and most satisfactory manner , complied with the precepts which had been sent to them . was of opinion , that the returns might have been worded in a more satisfactory manner , and therefore he could not but think that the censure which appeared in the report was well founded . said , that it appeared to him that the statement made by his right hon