to go on with much less perhaps than would otherwise be necessary . The regulations and restrictions which accompanied the measure of 1793 , were those which he should propose to the House for adoption at present ; with this exception , that , from the nature of the case , he would recommend the periods of repayment should be placed at a greater distance of lime from 333 each other . The regulation which he should introduce into the Bill ( should the House allow him to bring it in ) would be , to make the first quarter 's instalment payable about the middle of January , and the remaining instalments payable three months after each other , until the whole should be repaid , thus following the mode recommended in the Report . It did not appear to him necessary to intrude further on the Committee than by moving , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee , that his Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills , to the amount of six millions , to be issued to Commissioners , to be by them advanced , under certain regulations and restrictions , for the assistance and accommodation of such persons as shall be desirous of receiving the same , on due security being given for the re-payment of the sums so advanced within a time to be limited . '' then rose and said , that , in the observations which he felt it his duty to make upon the statement of the right hon . gent. , he wished to be understood as having no intention so to oppose the motion with which he had concluded , as to press the question to a division by taking the sense of the House upon it . The right hon . gent . himself had , he observed , admitted that the circumstances of the present period were not similar to those which characterised the distresses felt by the commercial world in the year 1793 . In his opinion there was no similarity whatever between them . In the former period the continent of Europe , instead of being hostile to us , was , with the exception of France , not only friendly , but the greater part of it was in alliance with us , and France not only wanted the influence she now possessed and exercised over the surrounding nations , but she was unable to prevent their armies taking the field against her interests . At present , on the contrary , so far from the nations of the continent being friendly , we were altogether shut out from every amicable communication—from all commercial intercourse . The right hon . gent . had said , those who had entered into the early and largest speculations with respect to South America , had been punished for their rashness by bankruptcy , and that those now to be relieved were the victims of those speculations , and not the partners in the crime . For his part , he thought ( whatever blame might be attempted to be thrown on those who had been most 334 venturesome ) that the origin of the evil might be traced to the exaggerations , the falsehoods , and the misrepresentations which had been heard in that House . South America had been spoken of by the right hon . gent . and his friends as affording a market that would take all our merchandize , and that he looked upon as the great cause of the recent failures , and of the evils of which the mercantile world at present complained . The right hon . gent , had said the present state of things was to be considered as but temporary , though it might be of longer duration than the stagnation felt in 1793 ; and under these circumstances , he thought the same measure ought to be resorted to as had been adopted on that occasion . He could not agree with this . Was the market of South America glutted at pre sent ? Had that country at present more of our