money or in goods . Yet the only proofs of this important fact attempted by the Committee , rest on intricate and abstruse reasoning , and are entirely drawn from circumstances attending the exchange . They produce a calculation to show , that the fall of the exchange has considerably exceeded the expense and risk of sending gold bullion to Hamburgh ; and they also show , by a calculation of the prices of bullion here and abroad , that there is a similar difference between the actual rate of exchange , and the comparative prices at which gold bullion could ' be sold in the one country , and bought in the other ; and this coincidence they state as a demonstration of the depreciation of our currency . It seems unnecessary , for our present purpose , to detain the House with any criticisms on the calculations themselves , or even to enter into the abstract reasoning on which the supposed demonstration is founded ; for one thing is indisputably clear , viz . that Bank-notes could not be depreciated while they were convertible at any time into their nominal amount in cash ; and therefore that whatever circumstances attended the course of exchange , while they were so convertible , they could not be occasioned by the depreciation of Bank-notes . And it evidently 929 follows , that if the same circumstances which occur at present can be shown to have taken place while the bank continued to pay in cash , their existence is now so far from a demonstration , that it does not even afford any presumption , of such a depreciation . Among many instances , I shall only cite two or three , and leave it to the cool consideration of the Bullion Committee to reconcile them to their theories us they can . And I am the less inclined to take up the time of the House with any detail on this subject , as my right hon friend the Treasurer of the Navy has entered into it so fully , and as it seems unnecessary to multiply examples of a circumstance which occurs so frequently , as that of a rate of exchange , much exceeding the expence and risk of the transportation of gold from one country to another . In January 1760 , for instance , the exchange between London and Hamburgh was near eight per cent in favour of London . The expence and risk of importing gold from Hamburgh to England , could not at that time have much exceeded three per cent . ; so that , according to the principles laid down by the Committee , this fact amounted not to a presumption—not to a ground of inference only—but to a demonstration , that the currency of Hamburgh was depreciated . Yet it is well known , that no paper currency was then , or has ever been issued by the Bank of Hamburgh ; and it is as little possible that the effect can be produced by any debasement of the metallic currency of Hamburgh , because all bills of exchange are paid there in Bank money , which represents a deposit of fine silver by weight . The very same year , however , the exchange varied so much , that in November it was six per cent against England . This therefore was , according to the arguments of the , Committee , a demonstration of a depreciated currency in England . Yet there was at that time and long afterwards , no paper currency in England , but what was immediately convertible into cash at the will of the holder . One later instance , however , deserves particular notice , from the peculiarity of the time when it happened , which was that of the restriction of cash payments at the Bank . This , as most of us must remember , at first produced a great alarm , and was considered as a formidable crisis of public and private credit . Among 930 other effects , a great fall of the exchange was confidently , and , I