inducement in his mind for bringing the measure forward , was , that there would be no increase to the consumer in the price . He then moved a resolution , `` That the present duties on the distillation of spirits from wash do cease and determine , '' & c. objected to the measure , as not giving a monopoly to the barley growers , and he was convinced of the utter impossibility of equalizing the scale . The price of barley , when the Committee first inquired into the subject was at 56 , it then lowered to 54 , was afterwards at 48 , and at the present moment the greatest selling price in Norfolk , where the best barley is grown , was 28s . The advantage 323 of sugar over bailey was very considerable ; for no price could induce , in his opinion , the distiller to use barley , sugar being more agreeable to the taste of the public . He deprecated the idea of giving preference to the colonists , rather than to the agricultural interest , and contended , that the effect of the measure would be to decrease the growth of barley ; he therefore conjured the right hon . gentleman to consider the consequences . contended that the contrary would be the effect of the measure from what the hon . gentleman seemed to apprehend . It would not give a monopoly to sugar , but would produce a fair competition in the market , and would induce the distillers to go to work immediately on barley in preference to sugar . With respect to the agricultural interest , he denied that on all occasions , their interest had not been attended to . considered that the powers of the two articles were not placed upon a footing of equality , as the price taken by the right hon . gentleman for barley , was about the price which would afford remuneration to the grower , so in the article of sugar . The West India interests , he observed , never had preponderated over those of any other class of men in the country . thought it his duty , in times like the present , to oppose any proposition that appeared calculated to diminish the cultivation of grain . defended the late Committee on the stale of the West India merchants , from the imputations which had been cast on them . In the manifold distresses of the country , beginning with the colonies and now extending to the manufacturers , the landed interest had not participated . Those who were interested in the colonies , had been wrongfully accused of wishing to indemnify themselves at the expence of the landed interest . All they wanted was to have the preference given to British over foreign produce , that their sugar should be purchased rather than French grain . Although he might have preferred a measure in somewhat a different shape , he warmly supported the proposition of the right hon . gentleman . explained and defended those individuals to whom were unjustly imputed sinister designs in the monopoly of corn . He was persuaded that no such monopoly could exist . explained , and disclaimed 324 all intention of throwing out any insinuations against the West India gentlemen . was averse to any measure by which the cultivation of grain would be discouraged in this country , as calculated to put us in the power of our continental enemy . The most efficacious mode of avoiding this was to permit the free distillation of spirits from grain , unfettered by any competition whatever . He stated the many advantages direct and collateral which the growing of barley occasioned . warmly supported the proposition of his right hon . friend , which would give to the barley grower the great advantage of being secure from temporary prohibitions from distillation . followed on the same side , contending , that the late prices of grain were not such as to justify any complaint from the cultivators . There were but few foreign sources of commerce open at the