destructive system of finance , and after seeing that both differed in their views with the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , it became the House of Commons , indeed to pause and deliberate well on a question so big with the fate of the country . It was his decided opinion that the House ought to stop nothing short of fixing a period for the resumption of cash payments . The Bank Company , who had been convicted of error , but not 1164 convinced of it , ought not to be suffered to persevere in a system which must end in national bankruptcy , and national ruin . Those who opposed the Resolutions charged their opponents with inconsistency , while most inconsistent themselves . He denied that the Report was contrary to the evidence given before the Committee . If a period were not now fixed for the resumption of cash-payments , the present system might be considered as made permanent , but the system itself would crumble into dust , and the rags of it would be worth no more than the rags from which they came . And here he must say , that he coincided fully with the reasonings contained in the speech of a right hon . gent . opposite to him , ( Mr. Canning ) certainly the best speech which he had ever heard him make in that House . What a contrast did not the sentiments of ministers and the Bank Directors furnish to the avowed principles of Mr. Pitt in originating the Bank restriction ! Mr. Pitt denied that any evil could arise from the measure , except after a certain period of duration . That period had been fulfilled , and the predicted evil had arrived . Now , however , it was defended as essential to the maintenance of our commerce and manufactures ; and , above all , to the prosecution of the war . There could now remain no doubt that the Bank Directors , that ministers , and that the noble and provident statesman who had so indulged his fancy last night in rioting on the luxuriant blessings of paper currency , now contemplated the restriction as a permanent measure . If Buonaparté were the governor of the Bank , he could not , in that noble lord 's opinion , adopt a more injurious measure to this country than the resumption of cash-payments . He had been a little surprised at not seeing a right hon . proselyte and privy counsellor join in this eulogy on depreciated paper . But if this currency was so propitious to industry and manufactures , from what cause was it that they had a petition lying on the table from thirty thousand persons in a condition of the most extreme distress , and urging their wants and their sorrows in the ears of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ? The doctrine that gold had risen in value , but that paper remained undepreciated , put him in mind of the anecdote of a man who limped , and was very much affronted when he was told that one leg was shorter than the other . No such thing , he exclaimed with indignation , one is longer than the other , 1165 that I 'll allow you . The estimation in which notes were held was such , that a man might as well try to eat them as to buy a dinner with them , as was known to every one who had travelled . Even in the coffee-houses in the neighbourhood of Westminster , he would ask if a stranger could get any thing to eat or drink for Bank-notes ? Though the Restriction Act was to cease to be in force six months after a peace , yet if a peace were concluded to-morrow , cash payments would not be resumed within that period . The horrible and tyrannical decrees of Buonaparté , as they were called , which were spoken of as being what could only be expected to be issued by a fiend , gave him