could not affirm the fact of an excessive issue without imputing to the Bank the blame of having intentionally produced that excess . But the check of cash payments once removed—which was , as I apprehend , the only infallible guard against excess , I know of no test by which the Bank could ascertain the fact that their issues had become excessive , except by that of their paper having become depreciated . The degree and the long continuance of the unfavourableness of the exchange strongly indicate—and the high price of bullion incontrovertibly proves , —the depreciation ; the depreciation proves the excess.—But such being the order of the demonstration , it is not till the fact of depreciation was established that I could consider that of an excessive issue as proved : and it would not be until such excess should have been persevered in against better knowledge , that I should think it just to animadvert upon the conduct of the Bank in the terms of this Resolution . Besides , I confess I think it unnecessary . I can not help being satisfied , that without any specific resolution on the subject of excess , the effect of this debate , should the first ten Resolutions be adopted—nay , I can not help hoping that the effect of the debate itself , —will be to correct that evil . For this purpose , however , it is undoubtedly desirable , that the Bank should be disabused of some notions which it appears to entertain , and of others which have been suggested in this debate ; at least if those notions are , as they appear 1121 to my understanding , entirely erroneous.— '' It is impossible that there should be an excess in the issue of bank notes , '' say the Bank , `` because those notes are never issued except upon solid security—the security of real mercantile transactions . '' Surely , it can not be necessary to show that although this may be an adequate precaution against loss to the Bank , it is none against an excessive issue . It surely can not be contended that every mercantile transaction , that is to say , every object of commerce , may be represented to its full value id the paper currency of the country , and represented not once only , but as often as it changes hands , without any inconvenient augmentation of the mass of that currency . A. sells to B. a bale of cloth , or a hogshead of sugar , and receives from B. a bill of exchange payable in two months . Here is a bill founded upon a real mercantile transaction . A. carries B 's bill to the Bank for discount ; and a bank-note to the amount of the bill is sent into circulation . Next day B. transfers his goods to C. and receives from C. a similar bill of exchange . Here is another bill founded on a real mercantile transaction . Like the former , it is carried to the Bank ; and , like it , is the cause of adding a ' bank note of the same amount to the circulation . Is it not plain that this transaction may be almost indefinitely repeated , till the bale of cloth or the hogshead of sugar is represented an hundred fold in the currency of the country ? The security of the Bank is not in the rule of its issue , but in the solvency of the several parties . This may guard their notes against depreciation from discredit ; but what tendency has it to secure them from depreciation by excess ? `` It is impossible , '' others have said , `` that there should be an excess , when the mass of property to be circulated in this country , —the rents of land , the profits of trade , the expenditure of the State , and the receipt of the revenue , —are grown and daily growing to an amount so much beyond all former experience . '' `` The amount of the