coin . But particularly I look for the support 959 of the honourable gentleman who some time ago declined answering my question ( Mr. Huskisson ) , as he has distinctly told the public , that `` the experience of our own as well as of all other countries , has placed beyond the reach of controversy , the proposition , that if one part of the currency of a country '' ( provided such currency be made either directly or virtually a legal tender , according to its denomination , which he contends Bank notes are ) `` be depreciated , the whole of that currency , whether paper or coin , must be equally depreciated . '' Now , if guineas be as much depreciated as Bank notes , Bank notes are of as much value as guineas ; and that is certainly all which the Proposition affirms . I am so far from making this appeal with any insidious view , that I seriously declare , that I think the concurrence of those gentlemen in this Resolution would be a remedy for that mischief , of which , so contrary to their wishes and intentions , their Report has been the cause . I have , however , another object in this Proposition . On a question so long and so warmly contested , I think parliament ought not to stop at the mere rejection of a measure proposed to it , but to pronounce a distinct opinion , and that an opinion so pronounced will do much towards setting the question itself at rest . I wish the House to pledge itself to the belief that Bank notes still are , as they have always been , equivalent to legal coin for the internal purposes of the country , the only purposes to which they ever have been applicable . An opinion so declared will have an effect similar to that of an association to support the credit of the Bank . Many members will recollect the effect produced by the association of the merchants and bankers in 1797 . It instantaneously dispelled all doubt and alarm , and restored credit and confidence . I believe the merchants and bankers are now quite as ready to renew such an association Perhaps , indeed , it is not necessary ; for their opinions are sufficiently known . It is not on the Royal Exchange that the depreciation of Bank notes is talked of . But this Resolution , uniting the sense of parliament in the same cause , will give weight and strength to their declared opinion . I have introduced into the Resolution , since it was first drawn up ( as has been observed ) , the words , `` in public estimation , '' with a view of obviating any supposition 960 that I meant to affirm that Bank notes had a legal equivalency to coin . I never had any idea of doing so : and it would be peculiarly improper to propose to the House any declaration on this subject at present , when the judges actually have under their consideration a criminal case , in which their decision may turn on this very point . The following Propositions , down to the fourteenth , contain a comparison of the circumstances at present affecting our relations with foreign countries with those which have existed in former times , and show by historical deduction , that we have no reason to attribute the present depression of the exchange to the state of our paper circulation , because similar depressions have formerly taken place when no paper circulation existed , or no other than what was convertible at pleasure into coin ; and that the degree and duration of the present depression may be accounted for by the extraordinary circumstances of our military , political , and commercial situation ; and this conclusion is distinctly drawn in the fifteenth Proposition . The facts contained in these Propositions I believe to be unquestionably true , and I am prepared to prove them whenever it may be proper to do so , by reference to the