the letter of Mr . Pole , and to shew that some of the acts in that letter for doing which their author were directed to be apprehended and held to bail , were not prohibited by the act of parliament , and were in themselves innocent . He said , no man could be held to bail at common law for a misdemeanor . If it was legal to hold to bail for a misdemeanor , then the proceedings in the case of the Seven Bishops were perfectly legal . If any of the magistrates , in the execution of the injunctions of Mr . Pole 's letter on their being resisted , had proceeded to acts of violence , from which lives had been lost , they would certainly have been , as was said by his noble friend , guilty of murder ; and actions of wrongous imprisonment certainly would have lain against every magistrate who should have attempted to carry the directions of Mr . Pole 's letter into execution . He recollected that when a very worthy and a very learned man , the late Gilbert Wakefield , was tried , the indictment had run in rather a whimsical form ; of the words being , as far as he could remem- 697 ber , `` That he had by certain libellous passages stirred up his Majesty 's liege subjects to a mischievous and seditious inactivity . '' Mr. Wellesley Pole 's letter did , on the contrary , stir up , not the people , but the magistrates , not to inactivity but to pernicious , dangerous , and illegal activity ; and if Mr. Wakefield was to be punished for working upon the people to be so wickedly quiet and inactive , what must be said of Mr. Wellesley Pole , who had prompted the magistracy to break the laws and throw the whole country in confusion , by forcibly imprisoning two thirds of the population of the country ? While , however , he condemned the spirit which dictated , and the language in which the letter was drawn up , he would not thereby involve the whole of the Irish government in an indiscriminate censure . He must do justice to the moderation and impartiality which had uniformly marked the conduct of his noble relative , the duke of Richmond , since he had been placed at the head of that government ; but their lordships would do well , while they made this just exception ; not to pass unnoticed and uncensured the inconsiderate and dangerous interpretation of the law which had that night been set up as a justification of the conduct of the Secretary of the Irish government ; in issuing such a letter as that to which the attention and reprobation of that House had been so properly directed by his noble friend . justified the general tenor of the Letter ; though he was willing to confess that in some parts of it , the words were somewhat slovenly got together . The Convention Bill , to which such frequent reference had been made , had not in its view the Catholics of Ireland . It had in contemplation the assembling of any description of persons who met together for the purpose of electing others who were to interfere in matters of church and state . It was the nature and intention of such meetings that made them legal or illegal . It mattered not under what denomination they were known ; whether delegates , managers , or any other . They would take their character from their mode of proceeding . If the assembly which these delegates or managers proposed to elect was an unlawful assembly , so would the assembly be which should elect them . The elected , or appointed , according to the nature of the object for which they should have been chosen , communicated the legality or illegality of their 698 meeting to the body electing them . Such was the interpretation of the law upon which the letter proceeded ; and he could not consider it as improper ,