employing the whole of our force in that country , and yet with an army on foot at the same lime in Germany of upwards of 100,000 men . Should not such experience prove to us the fallacy of such calculations ? let us not persist in them . The next argument which has been mentioned in support of this system , is one which I should have thought , the circumstances which have occurred in the course of the last 12 months would have completely answered ; namely , that it diverts his attention from England , and paralizes his efforts against this country.—Can any man reflect upon what has lately passed , and say to himself , or believe for one moment , that Buonaparté is idle or has been inactive in his exertions against this country ? Does it not appear that while he is employing our troops , and exhausting our utmost resources in the Peninsula , he is moving every engine , exercising all his authority , to annihilate and extinguish our commerce ? Has he not greatly succeeded in this attempt ? Has he not excluded from every country in Europe , our manufactures ? Has he not reduced our merchants to that state , as to make it necessary for the country to aid them with a loan of six millions of money ? Are these proofs that his 408 exertions are paralized , that his attention is diverted from this country ? Let us look to another symptom of such inactivity ; have we not witnessed within these few days the first minister of marine in this country , justify to parliament the necessity of an increase in the annual expenditure of the navy , on the ground that Buonaparté had of late so increased his shipping , so improved his ports , so strengthened and established his harbours , as to lender more exertions and more vigilance , and greater numbers necessary for this country ? were we not told that he had now in a state of equipment 114 sail of the line , when we have only 100 ? I mention not this , Sir , as a subject of alarm ; no , I am confident that were his numbers double , let our brave and gallant tars but meet his flags , and he will again experience that his ships only sail to be subdued . But can it be said , that he is idle under such proof of his vigour and activity , or that his resentment , animosity , and hatred to his country sleeps ? There is but one more argument which occurs to me as having been brought forward , and it is one which , in my mind , is more extravagant than any of those which I have already touched upon . The argument was supported on the ground that any check , any overthrow at this time to the army of the French in the Peninsula , would go further to shake the foundation of his empire , and place Buonaparté in greater difficulty than could , have been hoped for , at any other period of his extraordinary career.—Here again I must refer to experience from the past , as the best test for our judgment on the future.—Here I must bring to the recollection of the House , and of the country , the situations of difficulty and danger in which he has at times been placed , and beg that a comparison may be formed between those , and such as might be supposed to arise from the overthrow of Massena . Have we not seen him beated on the banks of the Danaube , in the heart of an enemy 's country ? Can we forget the defeat he sustained at Asperne ? Can we fail to look back to the danger with which he appeared at that moment surrounded , opposed by an army of 150,000 of the best disciplined troops in the world , commanded by the ablest commanders ? Can we forget how he rose from these difficulties , how he strengthened