corruption in any quarter , all our sacrifices should be rendered useless , and should only tend to sap the foundations of our own power in the time of our utmost need . Upon the whole , for the services of lord Wellington he felt that the utmost gratitude was due ; and he would not detain their lordships farther than by expressing his cordial acquiescence in the vote of thanks , which he regarded as the highest honour the House could confer , and which should always be reserved for occasions of splendid merit like the present . said a few words on the question . , in pursuance of his previous notice , rose , and addressed the Speaker to the following effect : Mr. Speaker ; It is the misfortune of a person holding the official situation which I have now the honour to fill , not unfrequently to find himself under the necessity of submitting to the consideration of this House , various measures which it is as unpleasant for him to propose , as it is for the House to adopt . In a state of war such propositions are multiplied in proportion to the duration and extent of the contest , and to the burthens which it becomes necessary in consequence of its continuance to impose on the country . But the same state of war is not unfrequently also productive of propositions of a very different nature , of propositions the most pleasing that any man can be called upon to make to such an assembly . It is in the situation , Sir , to which I have last alluded , that I now conceive myself to stand . When an opportunity occurs to recommend to the approbation and gratitude of parliament the distinguished exertions of our naval or military forces , to point out brilliant instances of individual or collective merit , and to dwell with equal pride and exultation on the advantageous results which may fairly be expected from such gallant achievements , all are prepared to sympathize with the individual on whom the delightful task devolves , and to share with him in the general feeling of gratification . Sir , the case to which it is now my duty to call the attention of the House in bringing forward the motion of which I have in a former night given notice , is one which furnishes as many circumstances of pleasing and animating contemplation , as can well be conceived to be united in a single instance . I am not aware that the merits of any previous campaign recorded in the page of history , can be said to have exceeded the merits of the late compaign in Portugal . Whether we contemplate the wisdom with which the plan of that campaign was conceived , the success which has attended its execution , the glorious prospect which the result opens to the world , or above all , the ; little loss which remains to be set against so great a gain , I believe that there ' has scarcely ever occurred an event which ; warranted such unqualified applause , or excited such just and well founded exultation . I am induced to particularize the comparatively small loss with which this great gain has been accomplished ; be- cause I am persuaded we all feel that there have been many occasions—occasions on which the approbation of parliament has been justly bestowed—in , which the splendour of victory has been darkened by the melancholy resulting from the contemplation of attending sacrifices and afflicting losses . In the recent instances at Talavera and Barrosa , glorious as were those battles , the mind was compelled to dwell with pain on the number of valuable lives by which the glory redounding from them was purchased . This is a sentiment , Sir , which does not in the least abate our sense of the merit of those gallant achievements , although it prevents us from considering them as happily as we can the instance before us , with a feeling of unmingled and un-assayed satisfaction . I will call