, ought to be laid for rejecting the motion , if it was to be rejected . 606 But it was said , that a charge had been made , and if the House granted the papers , they would seem to sanction the charge . Now , it appeared to him , that there had been rather two statements of facts made , and that that had been asserted on one side of the House which had been denied on the other . Would the House , therefore , refuse the most authentic information that could be obtained as to the facts on which alone they could form their own opinion ? His learned friend who spoke last but one , had said , that the libels which had been prosecuted by the Attorney-General had no connection with the present administration , or with one administration more than another , and . therefore that the advisers of such prosecutions were not actuated by party motives . This might be all very true ; but how was the House to know it , if authentic information was denied ? Which of them knew how long those prosecutions had been suspended over the heads of the defendants ? From the speech of his learned friend the Attorney-General , the House would naturally be led to conclude , that he had acted a very meritorious part : why , then , did he object to give that decisive evidence of the propriety of his conduct , which would satisfy the House and the country ? There was often heard in the speeches of ministers a disposition to talk loudly of their responsibility , and in so doing they were cheered by their friends for their great magnanimity ; while perhaps the very next day they refused all information ; and consequently prevented enquiry , without which there could be no responsibility . Besides , if unfounded suspicions had gone abroad , was it not to do the most important benefit to the government , to afford the required information ? And if the information should be refused , was it not likely to confirm the suspicions that were entertained ? He was further desirous of enquiry , because it would include that period when he had the honor to be Solicitor-General , and when he believed no prosecution was undertaken without his opinion and assent . It was said , the Press was at present more licentious than formerly ; but it was the common language of all ministers to represent the Press as peculiarly licentious in their time . If of late it had been more licentious than before , that was only a proof of its wonderful buoyancy , for it had grown under greater restraints in respect to publishers and printers than had ever been formerly known . To his own knowledge , 607 the existing law requiring the name of the author , or at least of both printer and publisher had prevented booksellers from publishing books the most innocent , because the author did not choose that his name should be known . He should , therefore vote for the information required . said that he should support the motion of the noble lord . rose to reply , and spoke as follows : Sir , after having already trespassed so long upon the attention of the House , it would be unpardonable in me to consume much more of its time ; but I can not refrain from making a few short observations upon what has been dropped in the course of the present discussion . My right hon . friend ( Mr. Elliot ) , and the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) have stated , that I have produced no instances of an improper use of the power of the Attorney General to justify this motion . To this I reply , that I have laid different grounds : first , the general ground of the hardship under which this power lays all the subjects of the realm : secondly , the improper use of it , in the case both