benefit of the lord chief justice 's opinion was not taken , as it might have been , at a meeting of the privy council ? I will tell the House why . The lord chief justice of Ireland was not consulted . Because if any of the individuals whose conduct was under consideration , had been apprehended and brought to trial , the lord chief justice must of course have 297 presided ; and whatever may be the opinion of the right hon . and learned gent , opposite to me , upon this subject , I disdained to use any means by which a stain could be thrown on the purity of a court of justice . On a full and dispassionate consideration of all the circumstances of the case , the government were of opinion that the proper course to be pursued was the one which has been adopted . It was resolved that the attorney general should frame a letter to the sheriffs and chief magistrates , stating the law of the case , and calling upon the magistrates to enforce it . But when this letter was framed and sent , the Irish government knew perfectly well that the law was not likely to be put in force against any man for any thing that to operate prospectively ; and the fact turned out exactly so ; not one man was arrested—not one held to bail . except a printer at Galway , who persisted in advertising a meeting in contravention of the act . The lord lieutenant , always animated by feelings of tenderness towards the Roman Catholics , even when he was forced to act , determined that no individual should be taken up or punished for that which was past . The attorney general was directed to frame this letter to the sheriffs , stating the law of the case , in the hope that it would have the effect of inducing those persons , who were engaged Catholic Committee ; and it has been contended , that there was no occasion to name the Roman Catholics . I hope the right hon . and learned gent , will do the lord chancellor and the attorney general of Ireland the justice to suppose , that these were circumstances which did not escape their acuteness , but having received the information which I have detailed to the House , they thought they could not avoid stating the fact in the letter . As Mr. Hay had addressed his letter to Catholics , and directed that Catholics should be sent from the counties to augment the body calling itself the Catholic Committee ; and as the information in the possession of government was sufficient , in the opinion of the law officers of the crown , to prove that body an unlawful assembly , it was thought 298 impossible to take any step towards stopping the elections , or towards preventing the Committee from continuing their illegal proceedings , without naming both the Catholics and the Committee . With regard to the question of law , I certainly shall not enter into a discussion with the right hon . learned gent , upon it , as I do not pretend to be acquainted with legal subtleties . I am no lawyer , and though such arrogance has been attributed to me , I never presumed to take any legal steps without having recurrence to the best advice . I can not but observe here , Sir , that the tone and temper of the right hon . and learned gentleman are very different tonight from what understand they were upon a former occasion . He has not now spoken of the Convention Act as an obsolete law , but he has taken the ground which , I understand , was taken by a noble lord in another place , viz . that if the lord lieutenant thought in expedient to proceed as he has done , he ought to have issued aproclamation . Now , Sir , what were the circumstances of this case ? There was the law of the land , an