to prove that the Committee , or rather the framer of the report , could not have read Drake 's pamphlet , because the Doctor not only states that the parliament did reduce the value of the guinea in that session , but attributes to them great merit for their having done so . And what makes the mistake into which the Committee fell quite inconceivable is , that there are two acts of that same session in the statute-book for reducing the value of the guinea . The 7th and 8th of William 3 , c. 10 , sect . 18 , reduced it from 30 to 26s. , and c. 19 , sect . 12 , of that year , further reduced it to 22s . These statutes are followed by a resolution of the House of Commons of the 16th of February 1698 , that no person is obliged to take a guinea even at that rate ; the board of Trade , of which Mr. Locke was a member , having , in the month of September , recommended that the guinea should pass for 21s . 6d . only ; and it was not till 1717 , that it was fixed by proclamation at 21s. , its present value , in consequence of an Address of the House of Commons , grounded on a report of sir Isaac Newton , master of the mint * . The report next proceeds to state : `` At length the true remedies were resorted to ; first , by a new coinage of silver† , which returned that part of its currency * When I asserted , in a subsequent part of the debate , that sir Isaac Newton had not written on the subject , I could only mean in the controversy ; because I had a copy of this official Report in my hand , made 20 years after the close of that . † Which disappeared in a few years , after costing the public two millions and a half . 865 to its standard value , though the scarcity of money occasioned by calling in the old coin brought the Bank into streights , and even for a time affected its credit : secondly , by taking out of the circulation the excess of Bank-notes . This last operation appears to have been effected very judiciously : Parliament consented to enlarge the capital stock of the Bank , but annexed a condition , directing that a certain proportion of the new subscriptions should be made good in Bank-notes . In proportion to the amount of notes sunk in this manner , the value of those which remained in circulation began presently to rise . In a short time the notes were at par , and the foreign exchanges nearly so . '' And the Committee conclude the paragraph by observing that , `` These details are all very fully mentioned in authentic tracts published at the time , and the case appears to your Committee to afford much instruction upon the subject of their present inquiry . '' Thus , therefore , the instruction which the Committee think so useful is evidently in part derived from an author who makes a merit of the Bank granting discounts at a lower rate than private bankers ; and in part from another , the eulogist of the parliament , whose highest panegyric on them was that `` other parliaments have been able to raise great sums of money when the defence of the country required it , but it was the peculiar honour of this to make it : —They created money without bullion , and distributed great quantities of coin without the help of the mint . '' May I presume to ask the learned gentleman if these are the proceedings which he would recommend for our adoption ? The real proceeding with respect to the Bank , which is supposed to have afforded them such effectual relief , and which produced such admirable effects , was that the new subscription should be 4–5ths in tallies at an immense discount , and l–5th in their