who were destined to preside over the morals of the Irish people , were severally allowed 16d . a day for their support and this too , while in another estimate which they had just voted , it appeared , that the mere day- 513 labourers in the Dublin society house , had an allowance of 12s . a-week each , while those who were to rear the future pastors of the people , were to starve on 9s . 4d . a-week This was in itself so bad , so mean , so pitiful , so indecent , that no mode of Stating it could make it worse than it was . If ministers wished to put down the institution , why not come to parliament and say so openly , and not make a parliamentary grant at once the pretence and the means both of insult and of injury . They had just voted 10,000l . for printing Irish proclamations . He called upon the minister to get up in his place , and say , why the principle , which was allowed to have an operation in raising all the other grants ( the rise in the price of provisions ) , should not be allowed to have its effect in the increase of this estimate . thought the sum proposed not sufficient , and that the grant ought not to be less by 350l . than on former years . He would certainly move , that the sum of 9,250l . should be granted . thought a larger sum ought to be granted , and would move , that the sum of 13,000l . should be the grant , if any person would second the motion . was of opinion it would have been better had such a grant been voted in 1806. , before the House resumed , wished to ask a question of the right hon . gent . opposite . It had been strongly rumoured , that he ( Mr. Foster ) was about to quit his high official situation . He wished to know , if it was in the contemplation of government , in the event of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland becoming vacant , to abolish that office altogether , or to fill it with another officer ? — ( Loud cries of Order ! ) 514 He did not conceive he was out of order . In the present situation of the affairs of Ireland , which approached a state of bankruptcy , he thought every possible saving should be made . thought the hon . gent . was not in order , and therefore he should only answer by saying he hoped the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer would not be brought to trial , or condemned without being allowed a fair hearing.—The House was then resumed . moved the second reading of the Spilsby Poor Bill , for the purpose of postponing it for a month . He was aware that there were many objectionable clauses in it ; but , perhaps , with several alterations , it might be rendered worthy the attention of the House . was anxious to give every opportunity for improvement , where improvement was possible , but the whole frame and object of the Bill was bad : there was not a single clause but what was liable to objection . He again adverted to some of the most extraordinary provisions of this Bill , which was intended to operate upon twenty united parishes . The directors were empowered to compel all the poor throughout the whole extent of these parishes , whether asking for relief or not , to go into this workhouse . They were to have all the authority of magistrates with respect to such as they should consider vagrants . They were to be allowed to enter houses at their discretion to search for vagrants . They might commit to solitary imprisonment , without limit , the poor which they collected , and administer moderate correction for misbehaviour—in other words , they were to have the power of flogging the poor under their controul ,