, in perfect good humour . I own I think the joke was a bad one ; and I have only one favour to beg of the hon . gent , that in future when he wishes to be witty at my expence , he will have the goodness not to break his jests upon me till I am in my place ready to receive them . Nothing , Sir , can be further from my intention than to transgress the Orders of the House ; but perhaps in the peculiar circumstances under which I stand , I may be allowed to allude to something that fell from a noble lord in another place . That noble lord is reported to have said , that the Irish government had acted the part of incendiaries—that , like incendiaries , they had set fire to the house before they had left it . This is a serious charge against such men as the duke of Richmond and lord Manners ( as for me , it is of no consequence ) , : especially when it is considered that the individual by whom it was made , knew nothing of the facts , with the exception , indeed , that he must have known , had he referred to dates , that the Irish government were aware , before they took the Step which they have adopted , that the administration would not be changed . Yet this accusation proceeded from a respectable quarter—from a person well known in Ireland—one who no doubt acted with good intentions , although this is not the first time that he had turned out to be completely mistaken . I am induced to notice this circumstance , as , of all the painful events attendant on the late occurrences , no one has been felt more severely by the noble persons in the government of Ireland . They certainly did conceive it to be a most hard and cruel case , to be there condemned without any knowledge of the facts . I hope that what I have stated will prove , that the assertion of the individual to whom I alluded [ we presume lord Moira ] was ill-founded . Indeed , the hon . and learned gent . opposite has argued on a directly contrary suppo- 310 sition , and a just one , namely , that the Irish government were perfectly apprized of the continuance in power of the present administration , before they issued the circular letter to the magistracy of that country.—I trust , Sir , have now answered ail the charge which the right hon . and learned gent . has preferred against the Irish government ; and I will not now occupy any more of the time of the House , except to return my thanks for the indulgence with which I have been heard . was desirous of taking , with the same good humour in which it had been given , the allusion made to himself . From the advice as to the future , and castigation for the past , with which , the right hon . gent , had accompanied his remarks on what he supposed to have fallen from him , he must ask a question of the right hon . gent. , namely , whether he received his information from newspaper report , or in a communication from any hon . friend who had been present , and thought that he had used words in the absence of the right hon . gent , which he would not have used had he been present ? If the former , he having nothing to do with any newspaper , could not be answerable for what it might state . If the latter , he was not conscious of having said any thing that he would not have stated , had the right hon . gent . been present ; and he begged to tell him , that he would not be prevented , in consequence of the absence of the right hon . gent. , from making such remarks as he might think necessary upon