last night that all the other Irish grants were considerably increased , while this alone was reduced . The Protestant charity-schools had obtained an increase of 10,000l . a year . He did not wish to say any thing against these schools , but he thought it strange , that whilst they were allowing 39,000l . to the Protestant charity-schools consisting of 2,300 boys , they should allow only such a miserable pittance to those who have the charge of the morals of four millions of subjects . There was voted the other night to the non-conforming ministers and seceding clergy of Ireland 13,200l . who represent only about half a million of the Irish population , while 4000l . was deducted from the allowance to those at the head of four millions . What he had to complain of was , that the 520 ministry should come to the House with false pretences , professing the utmost economy , but practising , in reality , the greatest profusion , with the exception of this penurious allowance . The other night 10,000l . was granted for the printing of proclamations . From this sum 6,000l , might safely be deducted . He was prepared to prove that this sum had been used for the most unworthy purposes . 23,000l . was voted for stationary to the chief and under secretary 's office , —of this 10,000l . might safely have been given to the May nooth College . 32,000l . had been given to the Board of Works . The greater part of this sum was employed in improving the houses of persons attached to the Irish government . What a contrast between the profusion of these allowances and the miserable pittance to the Maynooth College ! Various other sums were given for objects of small importance : for instance 2,300l . to the lottery offices . What an object to come in competition with the moral education of a nation ! If they wished to economize , here was a field for them . He was told the other night , by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the College had obtained all that it asked . In this there was a great deal of duplicity ; he had no doubt that the present government had not been applied to for an addition . Why should they apply for an addition to a government which was reducing their present allowance , and which was making the most illiberal attacks on the whole Catholic body ? A number of queries had been put by the Irish Secretary to the College , respecting the number of pupils and professors , the amount of contributions , the regulations of the College , & c. ; but no query was thought proper to be put , whether the allowance from government was adequate to supply a sufficient number of clergymen to the Irish Catholics ! If 500 students were requisite in 1795 , surely the same number must be requisite at present , when the Catholic population of Ireland is greatly increased.—The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , shewed last night a degree of irritation against the institution , while he expressed a wish that it had never been established , that he could hardly have expected from him . However he might differ from that right hon . gent . on the subject of emancipation , he had yet too much respect for him to think that he could ever seriously entertain a wish that the Catholics of Ireland should be irreligious . Whatever their 521 religion was , surely it was better that they should be instructed in that religion—that they should be religious than irreligious . He really could hardly conceive any person so bigotted as to be of a contrary opinion ! Bigotry and ignorance could alone conceive the diffusion of education and instruction among the members of any religious society , incompatible with the security of the British constitution . Such a doctrine was the offspring of that spirit , which , beginning in plunder , ended in persecution : the spirit which prohibited