. Lately two millions of money had been granted to that country ; and the reason then assigning for proposing it was , that the French were in possession of great part of Portugal , and therefore the revenues could not be received from the distant provinces of the country . Now the same reason did not hold , for the French were in possession of only a small part of Portugal ; and he 748 would ask , were their lordships really prepared to take the whole burden upon themselves , and exempt the Portuguese altogether from the burden of relieving their own people ? It was a principle as applicable to public as to private affairs , that you should be just to your own people before you were generons to other nations . He knew it would be generally thought , that this was a magnificent and high sounding proposal , and that to some minds it might recommend itself on that very account , particularly as displaying a marked contrast with the barbarity and atrocities of which the French had been guilty towards the Portuguese . These were , indeed , shewy principles ; but he doubted whether they were sound in the present circumstances of the country . He was not for deserting an ancient ally ; but sometimes too great liberality had the effect of discouraging the efforts of those who were the objects of it . He begged , however , to remind the House , under whom these exertions of the Portuguese had been made ; they were made under the direction of British officers : and hence he concluded , that if any thing was to be expected from the Spaniards in the common cause , it must be from their being led on by British officers . observed , that his recollection did not furnish him with the reason assigned by the noble lord for the former grant , namely , that a large-proportion of Portugal was in the hands of the enemy . That was a grant founded on reasons of its own , and furnished no argument whatever against the present . It should be recollected , that the war in Portugal was not an ordinary war , nor conducted by the French on the principles usual in former times , when , though a hostile army traversed a country , yet still something was left for the subsistence of the inhabitants ; but Europe had never witnessed such barbarities as had been perpetrated by the French ; and the country through which they passed had been plundered and exhausted to such a degree , that British humanity alone could afford it the common and necessary means of existence ; and if the aid was not speedily granted , it might come too late to effect his object . Highly as he thought of the talents of the British officers who were at the head of the allied army , he did not believe that even their talents would have produced their effect without the exertions of the Portuguese population . The pea- santry and the militia had uniformly displayed the greatest ardour , and their army had fought side by side with the British soldiers . Let their lordships look also at the accounts which had been received of their inferior officers , and it would be found that they had always their full share in the danger and the glory of every action . The liberties of Portugal had been saved , at least for a time , at the expence of much blood and treasure , and if farther distresses were inflicted on the people by the atrocities of their enemies , which it might not be in the power of this country to prevent , the present measure would at least display the generous policy on which we had acted . , in consequence of what had fallen from his noble friend ( earl Grosvenor ) felt himself called upon to state shortly his reasons for voting for the present motion ; agreeing in the justice of the remarks made by his noble friend