the interval of 43 days had been employed . He would concede much to them , if they could shew that it was employed in temperate remonstrances , such as became a mild and benignant government to the feelings of men smarting under a peculiar situation . A wise government would have used every conciliatory method ; and if that had failed , though even then he should have condemned any irritating tone which might have been used by an offended government , yet necessity might have arisen for resorting to decisive steps . At present , how the time was employed , he was utterly ignorant . There was no necessity whatever for this step without the Regent 's consent . The great point was , not whether the law should be enforced , but whether the mode was such as was due to the dignity of the Prince Regent , to the peace of Ireland , and the established forms of the government . There was a general idea now entertained , and it was among the worst signs of the times , that there was a disposition to neglect all forms . The constitution could not be preserved but by attention to forms . He was old-fashioned enough to admire our forms . This transaction was against all forms , as the old mode would have been by proclamation of the lord lieutenant in council . As there was yet no information before their lordships of the grounds upon which the conduct of the Irish government could be justified , he should give his most cordial support to the motion of his noble friend . thought it probable that the Irish government had resorted to measures of conciliation before issuing the circular Letter . The Letter of Mr. Hay , was , it was true , dated the first of January ; but it did not appear that it was circulated on that day ; it was probable that it was not circulated for some days afterwards , and then , perhaps , privately , so that some time would elapse before government 13 would be apprised of it . It should also be borne in mind , that at the meeting of the Catholic Committee on the 2nd of February , a motion was made to rescind the resolution for circulating this Letter , on which , upon a division , the numbers were , for it 14 , and against it 24 ; but the votes of those who had been delegated from the counties having been objected to , they were taken from the 24 , and the numbers then were 15 to 14 against the motion , which was only lost , therefore , by a majority of one . This being the case , it might be supposed by government , that a measure carried by so small a majority , would not be persisted in , and they might thus be induced to delay till the last moment resorting to any harsh proceeding . He wished it , however , to be understood , that he did not speak upon this subject with any knowledge of the proceedings of government , but merely presuming what their conduct might have been . That the convention of delegates was to be assembled for other purposes than those of petitioning , was evident from the paragraph in Mr. Hay 's letter , stating the wish that the managers from the counties might be those , whose avocations required , or whose leisure permitted their permanent , or occasional residence in Dublin . It was , besides , certain that the petition to Parliament had been finally agreed upon at the meeting of the Catholic Committee on the 2nd of February , and directed to be transmitted for the purpose of being presented . He was of opinion , that the lord lieutenant of Ireland would have deserved to be impeached if he had not used every exertion to put down a convention of delegates thus illegally attempted to be assembled , and by the assembling of which the public peace would have been seriously