support of that cause , if in making such efforts and sacrifices there were any fair prospect of their not being made in vain . Upon this point I have been grossly and shamefully misrepresented . Never have I said , never was it in my intention to say , that the British empire was not directly and deeply interested in the fate of the peninsula—on the contrary , it was because I had the cause of Spain and Portugal sincerely and Warmly at heart , that I felt anxious , that your lordships should pause in this wild and mad career of thoughtless prodigality—that we should look our own situation in the face , and learn from the contemplation of it the necessity of economising our national resources , not with sordid or selfish views , but that we may be able at a period more favourable than the present , to lend to the cause of the nations of the peninsula , or to that of any other country similarly situated , that support and those exertions which , when made under all the circumstances of our present situation , must be found not only wholly unavailing to our allies , but highly injurious to ourselves . '' He should be the last person , he observed , whether by speech or insinuation to detract from the merits of brave men armed and fighting in their country 's cause . God forbid that he should ever harbour such sentiments . He was willing to admit that irregular and regular troops , acting in concert , were the best means of defending a country , and that without the application of both these species of force , they could not avail themselves of all the resources of war . But the question went higher than this . It was necessary before this , in any circumstances , and much more in our present circumstances , to inquire whether there was any rational prospect that these two millions , added to the enormous profusion which had already taken place , would produce any adequate advantage to compensate such a burden . They were bound to ask this question tinder any circumstances , and even under the most prosperous circumstances ; but surely they were much more bound to ask 456 this question now , when they were aware of the condition in which the finances of this country were actually placed . He had no wish to aggravate the final issue of the present difficulties ; but when he considered what these difficulties were , he could not but think the present measure was exceedingly impolitic and ill-timed . It was not usual for this country , he knew not indeed if there was a single exception , even in the most prosperous times , to subsidize foreign troops before first examining the estimates of our own expenditure , and the situation of our own country . This was a good and salutary course . It enabled the members of both Houses to know that they had discharged their duty , and that they had not lavished the money of the public before they were apprised of what were the demands on it , and what the sacrifices required . How then should they take upon them to grant these two millions , before they had ascertained what sacrifices were demanded , what resources they had to supply these demands , what were the exigencies of the navy , and what protection could be afforded to the commerce of the country , if any commerce remained ? They were told in the speech of the King 's ministers , not that the revenues of this country had fallen off , but that there existed some financial difficulties in Ireland . When in former times extraordinary demands were made on this country , it was known whence these demands could be supplied , by the prosperous and growing commerce of the country , This enabled them to stand against a host of enemies ; and that commerce has yet enabled them to maintain a proud front of defiance to the enemy