. Gentlemen should not affect to think so lightly of our West India colonics ; they had given more than their one share of support in carrying on the war , as affording a market for our manufactures , and a nursery for our marine . They all saw how Buonaparté valued a West India colony , while he had one , never sparing a ship or a man to retain 753 it , well knowing that without colonies , France , after all , was nothing , and yet gentlemen on the opposite side could be blind to advantages so obvious to that great and wise man—not that he meant to compliment Buonaparté , whom he believed to be the greatest villain on the face of the earth , but if one who was known to keep so good a look-out to his own interests , thought so highly of those colonies , what-could those persons mean who made so much noise about their corn-growers , and potatoe-growers , and what not ? This talk about the landed interests would be attributed to country `` Gentleism , '' but it looked more like country Jewism , dissatisfied with any thing less than `` shent per shent for their money . '' ( Laughter . ) observed , that notwithstanding all the gloomy predictions of the opposers of this Bill , at the time the measure of 1808 was brought forward , the enterprise of farmers had not declined ; and therefore he was of opinion , that the fears of these honourable false prophets were to be received with considerable caution . This measure , as well as that , was founded on the fact of a large importation of corn . No man felt more strongly than he did the claims of the West India proprietor '' on the justice of that House . He was persuaded they ought to be let into a competition with the foreign corn-importer . An average of 30s . was a considerable price for barley ; but 38s . was much more favourable to the farmer than 70s . to the sugar-planter . He did not think that the barley-growers had much reason to complain ; and was of opinion that the measure ought to have a trial . deprecated the spirit of intermeddling with the agriculture of the country . said , that the objections of the distillers arose from the fear of illicit distilleries , and the introduction of spirits from Scotland ; but those were matters for the revenue to guard against . The legislature had for centuries past been in the habit of intermeddling with the agriculture , and the propriety of doing so upon the present occasion rested upon a strong ground , that of preferring our own colonies to foreigners . contended , that if the waste land in this country were cultivated , it would be as productive as could be desired , and consequently supersede the necessity of having recourse to foreign markets for a supply . He was against the 754 measure , as injurious to the agricultural interests , as being calculated to force the consumption of sugar , and therefore he conceived that the principles of it induced the strongest objections on the part of the landed interest . wished to make a few observations upon one or two points which had been adverted to in the course of the debate . He denied that the measure would have the effect of forcing the consumption of sugar , but even supposing that was the ultimate object , it could only apply when the price of barley was above 38s . in no other respect could it have that effect . With respect to the apprehensions entertained by some gentlemen as to its producing importations of foreign spirits and of illicit trade , those were apprehensions which the test of experience would very shortly determine . The right hon . gent , then combated the arguments of the hon . gent , ( Mr. Smith ) , contending that they were erroneously founded upon the presumption that distillation would be produced from