he had not himself exercised a controul over his Majesty ? Whether he had not possessed himself of the keys of his Majesty 's private escrutoire , which he refused to give up ? These were facts of which he had himself no doubt , but which ought to be inquired into . The King , he contended , was under controul when the change took place in 1804 ; and when Mr. Pitt went into his Majesty , Dr. Simmons went out . Was it not then material for lord Eldon , for lord Sidmouth , and all the others concerned , to place him in the situation to prove all the charges he had made , or to take the opportunity of ac quitting themselves of all imputation by disproving them ? But there were , in the manner in which the restraint was imposed upon his Majesty , circumstances of aggravation which rendered it peculiarly necessary for that 67 House to inquire into the case . He was assured , that the controul over the sovereign had been exercised in a manner , which , if known to the public , would excite their sorrow and indignation , and convince them that the King had not been fairly treated . If they loved the King—if they were attached to their sovereign—if they respected the royal office and authority—they were bound by every feeling of humanity , and every principle of duty , to inquire into this matter . If the individuals concerned should not disprove these statements , which , without the fear of contradiction , he submitted to the consideration of the House , he was afraid the kingly office would be brought into disrepute . Even lord Eldon himself , in the case of Ridgway and Darling , in 1S02 , carried , as he then acknowledged , the power of the court farther than it was carried in the time of lord Hardwicke . In that case the noble lord declared , that the care of the court extended not alone to insane persons , but also to weak and infirm persons , to save them from any loss or injury to their property ; and observed , that no person could see the lady without perceiving the necessity of throwing care around her . Upon this he would ask the noble lord , what was the state of the King ? Could any person see him without perceiving the necessity of throwing care around him ? In the case of the lady to whom he had alluded , lord Eldon asserted , that every one would see the propriety of providing care for her . He did not feel it necessary to come to parliament in her case ; he provided for the care of her property ; but he suffered the King to give away the property of the crown , at a time when he must have been aware that his Majesty was not in a state that would warrant the chancellor in superseding a commission of lunacy in the case of a subject . For himself , he had no doubt that his Majesty had at the time been able to hold rational conversations ; he was convinced that he could then , at intervals , converse as rationally as he himself could at present ; yet in his conscience he believed , that the mind of the King was at present much more sound than it was in 1804 or in 1801 . He must say , too , that the King had not had fair play , when hurried out , and driven to the east and to the west , as they might all recollect , to be exhibited to his subjects ; and afterwards taken home in the evening , to be placed under the restraint from which in the morning 68 he was withdrawn for the purpose of this public exhibition ; yet all this had been done , and lord Eldon was a principal party to the transaction . Was it not well known that persons might appear of sound mind , until the