were left in possession of every thing that could indubitably prove they were victorious . The 542 six pieces of cannon—the three general officers—the prisoners amounting to between 4 and 500 remaining in our hands , and the two eagles , without one man being missing on our part—were circumstances which must necessarily remove every doubt as to the brilliant character of the victory . That the action was not attended with more continued success was to be ascribed to the excessive fatigue which the British troops had previously endured ; and that the complete destruction of the French army was not the consequence of the victory , was to be lamented rather as an instance of ill fortune than as any thing else . That circumstance could by no means detract from the splendour of the triumph . He had now brought before the House the circumstances of the action , and , having done so , it only remained for him to submit the proposition of which he had given notice to the House . Any attempt on his part to excite warmer feelings , would , he was confident , be as idle and vain , as it must be felt to be unnecessary . Under these circumstances there-fore he would say no more , but content himself with making his motion . The right hon . gentleman then moved , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lieut . general Thomas Graham , for the distinguished ability displayed by him upon the 5th of March , in the brilliant action on the heights of Barrosa , which terminated in the signal and total defeat of the superior forces of the enemy . '' felt himself fortunate in rising at that moment to have met the Speaker 's eye , as he was earnestly desirous of the honour of seconding the motion which had just been made , and which had been submitted to the house by the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) with a degree of perspicuity , energy and feeling , which left little to be said by those who may be most zealously disposed to support his proposition . There was not one in the House , he was sure , but felt the same interest—but was anxious for the same honour . There could be no difference of opinion on such a subject . They must all vie with each other in the zeal , the unanimity , and the cordiality with which they offered their thanks to the brave general and his brave army . If there were any who thought we ought never to have embarked in the conflict in the Peninsula , or at least , that our wisdom and our policy should have limited our assistance to the grant of money and sup- 543 plies , ( which opinion he never entertained ) —if there were others , who , after we had involved our faith and honour in the Spanish cause , thought that there was an Opportunity in which , consistently with that faith and honour , we could have withdrawn , ( which opportunity he could never see ) —if there was a third class ( and to his regret and surprise there were some of this description whose high authority he much respected ) who thought that the British nation could now wiht hold its aid—from them he differed more than from the other two . But let them think as they might upon those points , they could not possibly differ on the question before them . They must all vie in eager , ardent thanks to the brave general and the army he commanded . He hoped he should not be considered as intrusive , if on this question he intermingled something of his private feelings . He had known general Graham in private life ; and never , no never , was there seated a loftier spirit in a braver heart . Alter many disappointments , borne as that man would bear them whose love of order and his country subdued his