sense of the House upon it , he for one should divide with him . If any man read the Report , he must be struck with the looseness of its assertions ; it merely asserted , that loss arose from over-trading , and that benefit would be derived by giving money to assist the losers . He approved of the feelings of the hon . baronet ( sir Rob . Peele ) , though perfectly proper in him it would not he proper in the House of Commons to indulge them . Be ides , if the general principle of such applications were once recognised and established , a pretence would never be wanted for urging them . It appeared to him that there were three sorts of speculators who might meet with considerable difficulty : two of them , being advantageous to the public in general , might be favourably considered , he meant those who exported commodities from this country , and those who imported into it the raw materials from others ; such speculators , though they might overtrade a little , might be forgiven . But the third sort to which he alluded , were those who speculated upon articles already in the country , and sought no other object than to put money in the pocket of the monopolist . This trade was not beneficial to any body , and the undertakers of it , when they failed in consequence , ought to be permitted to perish unnoticed . The evidence too upon which they were then called upon to decide was 347 the evidence of interested persons , and the fair inference to be drawn from that circumstance was , that the evidence was necessarily exaggerated . It had been represented as invidious to make remarks upon persons situated as the present applicants were . He certainly would admit , that it would be an invidious task to volunteer any criticism upon their conduct , but when they applied to Parliament they forced themselves into such a situation that it became the duty of every member of that House to investigate and to speak freely . A right hon . gent , had said , that , if the pressure were inquired into , it would perhaps appear to be little more than that persons having capita , but wanting credit from the pressure of the times , wished for relief from Parliament . That it might be expedient to grant relief in such a case , he would allow ; but if there was any prospect of effecting it by other means , they should not be too precipitate in their proceedings . If no market was open to these persons they would experience no permanent or substantial benefit , and the public might suffer deeply . Another objection was , the extreme inequality of the measure in consequence of the numbers who had already suffered . He knew it was not easy to avoid this , but still he could not help thinking that it was hard , in times like these , to wait until a number of respectable persons sunk under the pressure , and then to apply a remedy which others would have the benefit of . argued , that such grants , dispensed as in the case of 1793 , went to derange the whole established system of commerce . Either there should be no secrecy as to the persons borrowing a part of this public money from the commissioners , or the parliamentary creditor should run the same risk as the private creditor . It would otherwise turn out hard upon the latter , that after having lent his money , or taken security on the ostensible property of the debtor—if any failure took place , that on which he depended should , to his great injury , be the sole security of the parliamentary creditor . This he did not think right ; it had a tendency not to correct , but to increase the evil . The ground of complaint was the want of a market , and the effect of the measure would