of prosecutions improperly commenced , and of partiality . And for the truth of this , I need only refer my right hon . friend and the hon . and learned gentleman to the fact , that the Attorney General has , in no one case , denied the hardship of which I complained , and to the statement which I made in the outset , confirmed as that statement has been by the Attorney General himself : namely , that of the forty-two prosecutions commenced in three years , nearly one half have not been proceeded in . Now , Sir , either the prosecutions were justifiable , or they were not . If they were justifiable , then why were they dropped ? Did the Attorney General assume to himself the right to decide that sufficient punishment had been inflicted ? and the right to inflict it on whomsoever he chose ? The Attorney General tells us that he has received apologies . Sir , the Attorney General is a public servant , acting for the benefit of the public ; and is he to assume to himself the right of stopping proceedings commenced with that view , upon an apology made to himself ? Besides , what apology can be sufficient in the case of such high misdemeanours as those to which alone , according to Blackstone , these ex-officio Informations are applicable ? If the prosecutions were not justifiable , then at once here is a cause for inquiry and for granting the papers I 608 have moved for ; then , all the persons affected by them have been unjustly subjected to expence and trouble . But the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) says that the increase of publications justifies the increase of prosecutions . But , Sir , is that the real state of the case ? In the six years ending 1806 , the number of prosecutions is at the rate of two in each year . In 1808 , 1809 , and 1810 , at the rate of fourteen . Have , then , these publications increased in the rate of fourteen to two ? Certainly not.—Of the rest of the speech of the hon . and learned gentleman , I have only to say , that he has not alluded to a single argument of mine , which he has not misrepresented . But , in truth , the hon . and learned gentleman applied scarcely any one sentence of his speech to the arguments that have been urged , or to the case now before the House . He came down with a bundle of old papers , prepared evidently , not for the purpose of refuting arguments that might be used in behalf of the motion ; but with the view of attacking the hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) . And how , Sir , does the hon . and learned gentleman attack him ? Why , for not prosecuting as a libel , that which purports to be an account of his speech to his constituents . And what are the grievous parts of this libel ? —that the hon . baronet has been represented to have said , that `` no government can stand without the affections of the people , '' and that he hoped `` the people would never again be deprived of the right of petitioning . '' Sir , is it libellous to say this ? Are these libels , which the hon . baronet is called upon ( and the hon . and learned gentleman does call upon him ) to prosecute ? If these are libels , then I beg to be comprehended in the guilt of a libeller . I am guilty of being such a libeller , and I beg to be comprehended in the hon . and learned gentleman 's censure.—But , the hon . and learned gentleman tells us , that the spirit of the people is libellous . `` There is a spirit gone forth , '' says he , `` amongst the people , of so dangerous a