country as Commander in Chief . He hoped that this was not the country in which an innocent man could be written down , so as 548 never to rise again . As to the present motion , there could not be a second opinion about it . Who was there that must not rejoice in giving his vote in favour of it ? For his part , he could frankly own , that these were just the sort of motions he liked to hear in that House . There could be no doubt that they would soon have more of them , and he was sure he could never tire of them . So far from it , that he wished with all his heart such motions could happen every day . rose and spoke as follows : Mr. Speaker ; At any other time I should have said with the leave of the Mouse ; now after what we have seen this day , and on former days , I say with the leave of the minister , I will make the motion which has for some time stood in the order-book , that motion will be for `` An Account of ail Prosecutions for Libel by Information ex officio since the 1st of January 1801 , with all the proceedings had thereupon , specifying the dates of the publication of the said alleged libels , and of all the subsequent proceedings had upon each respectively . '' In calling the attention of the House to this subject , I must observe , that in my opinion , it is the bounden duty of the House to require of the Law Officers of the Crown the production of these papers , in order that the House may distinctly see , whether the privilege 549 of filing these Informations has or has not been abused . Had this been likely to be the case , there would not have existed any necessity for me to enter at any great length into the subject ; but as I am given to understand that an opposition to my motion is intended , I shall proceed to stale the reasons which have induced me to bring it forward , and the grounds on which I think it is absolutely incumbent on the House to support it . The extraordinary increase in the number of criminal Informations for Libel , during the last few years , is the principal ground of my troubling the House upon the present occasion . That these Informations have been much more numerous since the Learned Gentleman , the present Attorney General , over the way , came into office , than they were at any equal period at any former time , is a fact that can not be contradicted . Upon referring to those sources which are open to every one , I find that in the course of the thirty-one years ending with the year 1791 , there had been seventy such prosecutions instituted . Of those from 1791 to 1800 , I have not obtained any account . From 1801 to 1806 there were fourteen such prosecutions ; in 1807 there was not one : whereas , in the years 1808 , 1809 , and 18 ) 0 , during all which period the present Attorney General has been in office , there have been no less than forty-two Informations filed ; the yearly average of Informations in the former periods being two ; in the latter fourteen . ( Hear ! hear ! ) This increase some persons may endeavour to account for by the great increase of publications daily sent forth . To such an opinion I can not subscribe , and I think it must be accounted for on other grounds . However the simple fact that so vast an increase has taken place of late , is , in my mind , a full and sufficient reason to call upon the House to require the production of these Papers . That increase must have arisen from one of two causes—either from an increased propensity on the part of the public