gold for paper currency . The other hon . gent . ( Mr. Sharp ) said , that nothing but such a measure could save the country from the evils which threatened her . On this difference the question rested . For his part , he agreed with both the hon . gentlemen that the subject was of the utmost importance , intimately connected as it was with the honour and interests of the empire . He was satisfied , whether parliament did or did not countenance that which he thought as absurd as the first hon . gent . thought it was impracticable ; that if they adopted the Resolutions of the hon . and learned gent opposite , such an adoption would be tantamount to a declaration that they would no longer continue those foreign exertions which they had hitherto considered as indispensable to the security of the country . He begged to be by no means understood , that he considered the question could be discussed without a distinct reference to the circumstances of the country , and he had , therefore , fell great astonishment at the manner in which an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Huskisson ) had divested it of all such reference . It was not his wish to go much into detail on the subject ; but it was necessary that he should explain his feelings to the Committee , and recall them to the real state of the question before them . He conceived that the proposition of ( hose who advocated the Bullion Report was , that the currency of the country was depreciated ; that that depreciation was attributable to the excess of paper ; and that the evil resulting was so great as to make it incumbent on parliament to take immediate measures for averting it , which measure must be the reduction of the quantity of paper in circulation.—On the other hand , it was contended that the supporters of the Report advanced , no proof of the excess of the general circulation of the country , nor any proof of the depreciation ( in the sense in which they under- 1065 stood the word ) of that currency ; but that what they substituted for direct and legitimate proofs , was capable of being explained by other circumstances which the Bullion Committee had certainly not kept quite out of sight in their Report , but on which they had nearly touched , and then affected to consider them as unimportant . Such was the state of the question which he would now proceed to consider . In the first place , he asserted that there had been no proof given of our existing excess of currency . Of this term `` excess , '' as well as of some other terms , it was necessary to know the precise meaning intended to be affixed to it . Excess beyond what ? His interpretation was , that there had been no excess beyond what he conceived absolutely necessary for the circulation of the wealth and revenues of the country . No proof had been advanced of an existing excess of circulation beyond the circulation which existed at the period of the suspension of cash payments at the Bank . But even if the advocates of the Report could prove that there was an existing numerical excess of circulation , beyond the circulation which existed at the period of the suspension of cash payments at the Bank ; yet if that increase was not beyond what the extended commerce and augmented revenues since that period required , then it was no excess . His hon . friend near him seemed to conceive that there was an existing excess beyond what would have been the state of the currency had that currency been confined to gold , or to paper immediately convertible into gold . Let the Committee consider after the drain of wealth which many years of war must occasion , what would be the state of circulation in a country in which no paper was issued to supply the deficiency . Unquestionably , if things