both the note and the coin were intended for internal circulation , and for internal circulation alone . The contingent but illegal profit derived from diverting the coin from its legitimate purpose , is a species of value , which the bank-paper never was , in equity , or in fact , intended to represent . It is only through the operation of causes destructive of the established system of our standard coinage , that this advantage can attach to coin over bank-paper . To derive such an illicit benefit is an abuse , and , so far as it may operate , at this moment , to occasion a disparity of value between coin and notes , the difference is very incorrectly described under the term of `` a depreciation of bank-paper . '' Tue honourable member ( Mr. Huskisson ) has argued that this is a very erroneous system of coinage ; that it is idle to think of preventing the standard coin from being melted , or exported ; and he has gone into a great deal of general reasoning , to suggest an improved arrangement 992 of our coinage ; but it is enough , for my purpose , that such is the system at present established by law . Whether the honourable member s plan would be an improvement may admit of question ; but sure I am , that we are not now in a situation to undertake a reformation in the system of our coinage . The second question , viz . the nonconvertibility of the bank-note into cash , upon demand , must certainly be admitted to be an abandonment , for the time , of the standard coin as the medium of our payments ; for although the act does not render bank-notes a legal tender for debt , yet it must have been foreseen that , when the Bank , the main source of our circulation , ceased to issue gold , individuals , as well as private bankers , must experience a similar indulgence from their creditors . The legislature did not deem it necessary as a part of the original measure , to protect debtors generally against their creditors , by compelling the latter to accept Bank of England notes in discharge of their demands . They thought they might safely leave the established credit of the bank notes to work its own way in circulation ; and the experience of fourteen years has not furnished a single instance of payment in coin being insisted on ( I mean in Great Britain ) , where notes were tendered . Guineas have circulated , notwithstanding , ) the Restriction Bill , in considerable abundance , at par with banknotes ; and if they have latterly , in a great measure , disappeared , the cause is to be found in the extraordinary crisis of our commerce with the continent , together with the magnitude of our military expenditure abroad ; causes which have , in this country , given a new and excessive value to the precious metals . That the Restriction Bill , if passed under an adequate necessity , does not constitute , or sanction any breach of faith , between the Bank of England and the holders of its notes , is clear , when we advert to the nature of that great corporation . It is not in its constitution , simply a bank of deposit , as the Bank of Amsterdam , where no other value is received than deposits of silver ; and for the return of which silver , on demand , to the person holding the note , or receipt of the Bank , there can be no justifiable excuse . The Bank of England is a bank of discount , as well as of deposit . It is notorious , to all holders of their notes , that a large proportion of their funds are , at all times , 993 lent out upon credit , although in general returnable at short periods ; that their supply of guineas never can be equal to answer all their notes , if