fact ; in no instance had he furnished grounds for such a sweeping sentence . In his dispatch he had said , `` The exhausted state of the troops made pursuit impossible . A position was taken on the eastern side of the hill ; and we were strengthened on our right by the return of the two Spanish battalions that bad been attached before to my division , but which I had left on the hill , and which had been ordered to retire . These battalions ( Walloon Guards and Ciudad Real ) made every effort to come back in time when it was known that we were engaged . '' Why , from this they had the authority of general Graham himself that whatever might be the propriety of the order previously issued , these two battalions no sooner knew the English and French armies were engaged , than they made every effort in their power to come back , and actually did return as soon as they could , though not before the firing had ceased , and the enemy had commenced his retreat . When the situation of the Spanish army , posted at four miles distance , was taken into consideration , it required more information than the House had at present , to justify the passing of a censure on the whole of the Spanish army , or even on any part of it , excepting these two battalions . With respect to the governments of Spain , though they might not answer the expectations of the hon . gent . great allowances were to be made , considering the circumstances under which they had come into power . They could not expect to find , in persons suddenly forced out of their ordinary habits , patterns of statesmen and patterns of legislators , such 676 as the Spanish governments had been—they , however infirm they might be , bad kept their country unsubdued by France , to the great disappointment of those in that House , who now , in retrospect , censured ministers for failing to do what before by anticipation , was pronounced to be impossible . Instead of condemning all the Spaniards , they ought rather to dwell with admiration on their national character , and contemplate with satisfaction the resistance they had made to the gigantic strides of France . It was not necessary for him to speak of the merits of this or of that government , but he was rather surprised to hear any observations from that side of the House , which seemed to reflect on the Cortes for their early efforts to establish the liberty of the press . What had not been said on that side of the House , from time to time , of the imperious necessity of giving the people immediately a free press , to inspire them with courage equal to the magnitude of the struggle , and give them something to fight for , worthy the best exertions of patriots and of men . He by no means meant to say , that the Spanish governments were uniformly all that could be wished : he did not say that they had always acted with perfect wisdom , or with perfect propriety , but he could not see that they ought to endeavour to lower the character of the existing government , unless they could supply them with those qualities in which it might be complained they were deficient . The hon . gent . had said general Graham ought not to have been placed under such an officer as gen. La Pena . He knew not why this should be complained of . If general Graham thought ( without having received any peremptory order to that effect from this country ) that by cooperating with a Spanish general he might be enabled to force the enemy to raise the siege , and that to that end it was necessary to put himself under the Spanish commander , he should think it difficult to form a better judgment of the propriety of doing so than that of the officer