, cases of the highest importance to the state , the defendant has protection and support infinitely beyond what he has in any case of simple felony ; and the reason of the thing I take to be this , not that the life of the sovereign is less fit to be protected by the law than that of any other individual , nor that the person who attempts that life is less an object of abhorrence and vengeance to the law , than a simple felon ; but this , that the law contemplated the disadvantage under which an individual laboured , when contending alone againsd all the power of the Crown—a pigmy contending against the strength of a giant . And therefore the law has fenced the weaker party round with those forms which serve as a protection against the might of his opponent , in the same manner as the forms of this House were devised as the bulwark of a minority , against the influence of an overweening and overwhelming majority . But in cases of Libel , the accused has to contend with the same power , and ' even in a more formidable shape , and without any of those advantages which are enjoyed in cases of Treason . I say that in cases of libel , this power is in a more formidable shape , because a prosecution for High Treason attracts universal attention , catches the watchfulness of the public eye , and the vigilance of the public will prevent any unfair or unjust treatment . But in cases of Libel , where the crime is comparatively so small , and where the punishment of death can not be inflicted , the public does not watch all the circumstances with that interest which the former case excites . Just as all public writers always state that a great and glaring act of prerogative is less dangerous to the liberty of a people , than the secret workings of 552 influence ; so an individual prosecuted for Libel , deprived of that vigilance of the public eye which , were he tried for his life , would attend and support him ; has to contend with all the power of the Crown , in a much more formidable shape than the person accused of the crime of High Treason . But this is not the extent of the evil . The Attorney General has it in his power to file his Informations against whomsoever he pleases . He may go into court , and , on his mero ipsc dixit , he makes his accusation , and his accusation must be received . In all other cases justice is provided for in the outset . When a bill is presented to a Grand Jury , the accused is protected by the oaths of the Jury and of the Witnesses , and unless twelve of the Grand Jury agree to the probability of the charge , the accusation is dismissed . But , in cases of ex officio Information , no oath is necessary ; the Attorney General may at once file his Information , and the Defendant stands charged with the offence . And here , Sir , there is one point that ought not to be overlooked . It ought not to he forgotten that the Attorney General has a personal interest in these prosecutions , in consequence of the fees which he receives . I respect the situation of the learned Gentleman , and I certainly do not mean to impute to him so sordid a motive . I can not bring myself to suppose that the fees have had any influence in the late extraordinary increase of these prosecutions ; but arguing generally on the privilege , it must be apparent that an Attorney General may file Informations against every person he thinks fit , and that so far he is interested in multiplying his accusations . I will not ascribe such a principle of action to the learned gentleman opposite , nor to any man who could lay the slightest claim to elevation of mind or dignity of feeling