Catholics of that country has uniformly been guided . Sir , my right hon . friend is reported to have said , that , considering the peculiar situation of Ireland , the laws in that country , relating to the Roman Catholics , ought to be exercised with as much lenity as possible , consistently with the public safety ; and that no acts should be done which could fairly be considered as mainfesting a disposition to trench upon their privileges . Sir , I contend that this is precisely the principle by which the duke of Richmond 's administration in Ireland has been uniformly guided . My right hon . friend and I may differ as to the extent of the privileges which ought to be conceded to the Catholics of Ireland , but that the laws respecting that portion of the inhabitants of that country , should be administered with the utmost tenderness , is a point upon which I am sure no difference of opinion can ever exist between us . Sir , I will venture to maintain , without the hazard of contradiction , that the whole of the duke of Richmond 's administration , from the first hour that he landed in Ireland , has been founded upon that principle : the great object of that noble duke , 281 in every one of his measures , has been to manifest towards the Irish Catholics a spirit of conciliation , of justice , and of tenderness . On assuming the government of that country , his grace had declared to the Roman Catholics , with that candour and manliness which , upon all occasions , distinguish his character , that although they were to expect from him no farther privileges than the la\v allowed , they should receive the purest justice ; that the laws should be administered to them with the most perfect impartiality ; that the rights which they possessed should not be invaded , nor should any individuals or societies be allowed to degrade them , or to wound their feelings ; that all offices which were open to them , should be freely and fairly open ; and that he would entertain no jealousies or partialities . This , Sir , was the spirit and feeling with which the duke of Richmond entered upon the government of Ireland ; and by that spirit and feeling has every one of his measures been governed during the whole of his administration . The right hon . and learned gent , has asked , why , when the Catholic Committee was established in 1809 , it had not been suppressed as illegal ? The right hon . and learned gent , says , `` if the Catholic Committee was an illegal meeting , why did you not interfere at an earlier period ? Why did you not suppress that unlawful assembly ? '' Sir , I will tell the right hon . and learned gent . why the Irish government did not interfere at an earlier period ; and , in doing so , it will be necessary for me to refer to the discussions which had taken place in the Catholic Committee , both of that and of the present period ; but this reference shall be as concise as possible , for , in my defence of the Irish government , I am determined not to be led to rouse in the House those feelings with which all who love the constitution must be animated , on a consideration of the principles lately promulgated in that assembly . In the month of May , 1809 , there had been a general meeting of the Catholics , the earl of Fingal in the chair ; in which certain resolutions were agreed to , clearly indicating , that the meeting were fully aware of the nature of the Contention Act , and were anxious not to transgress its provisions ; for they declared , in the most express manner , that the Committee were not to be considered as delegates , but as a set of individuals appointed to prepare and manage the petition