friend himself might be accused of bribery , and the wit ness being the only evidence , could not be convicted of perjury . The prevention of the practice of concealing bribery in the voter , by causing him to petition , was good as far as it went ; but it was a very partial benefit . This much he had said on this Bill , because He was anxious that his constituents should be aware that the subject had not escaped his attention . But no great good was reasonably to be expected , except from a real , true , and moderate reform—and for this he was anxious . He wished his hon . friend not to press this to a division , as he must be aware that the Bill had a bearing which perhaps he himself had not observed when he brought it in . opposed the Bill , upon the ground that no general or special reasons had been stated to shew the propriety of any legislative measure on the subject . No evidence was produced to prove that seats had been sold since the late act . For many years past the practice had been gradually decreasing ; and there was more purity now in election cases , than in the boasted times of our ancestors . He could tell of some of their practices calculated to make their posterity blush for them , whether the conduct of their posterity would have made them start back with horror or not . In the case of Ashburton , in 1707 , a motion was made in the House that the right of election was in the holders of land and tenements of the said borough only . An amendment was moved that the word `` only '' be left out . A ballot was called for—the clerks , with two of the members , went round with a box , into which the rest of the members put their balls . There had been a gradual improvement since . In 1807 no bribery had been proved before any of the committees ; and treating was almost at an end.—He said that no cases could be produced to shew the necessity of the repeal of the bribery act , and , before the House could proceed to repeal it , it was necessary to state such necessity.—With regard to the clause respecting evidence , and which did not allow a witness to protect himself upon self-crimination , he was astonished that the hon . gent . who was bred up to the law 503 of the land , could ever think of introducing such a clause . Had it been proposed by those speculative persons , who , in a comparison between the laws of England and the Code Napoleon , were of opinion that , in matters of evidence , it is impossible to say which abounds with the greatest evils , he should not have been so much astonished . Why was this fundamental alteration to be introduced into the law ? He would ask how it happened that the law in this country was held in greater veneration than the law in any other country ? And why was every body in this country anxious to bring criminals to justice ? It was because the law never placed criminals or witnesses in a situation to criminate themselves , or directed the sympathies of mankind against the court . This Bill no doubt exempted the witnesses from punishment ; but it could not exempt them from any disgrace . But why was this alteration in the law confined to minor offences ? Why was it not to extend to greater offences ? Why not to treason itself ? Surely the sacred life of the sovereign and the order of society were objects of equal importance.—With respect to petitioning , the expence was such , that it could not be expected that any man from a sense of justice merely , would bring a petition into that House ; and it could only be some speculative reformer , anxious to cast an odium on