, only received their pay when the accounts were closed at the end of the year , but by that Act they were allowed to draw on the Navy Board quarterly for the amount of their pay . Until this regulation , the officers in the Mediterranean , as well as on other stations , were indeed exposed to considerable hardships , both upon this account and on account of the unfavourable state of the exchanges . In 1800 and 1801 the price of the dollar rose in the Mediterranean and Levant , and the exchange had been sometimes favourable , although he must allow , that for many years back the dollars had been above the par , which was 4s . 6d . and even sometimes rose as high as 5s . 8d . in that part of Europe . If the motion of the hon . officer was agreed to , the country would suffer an annual loss of 25,000l . for remittances to officers on the Mediterranean station alone , and similar claims would certainly be put in by officers on other stations . The common men might also think that they had a right to similar allowances . He hoped that the exchange would not remain permanently against this country , but that in time it would so far recover that the officers should have nothing to complain of . Besides the loss which he had mentioned , he believed that the officers would draw more bills , if those bills were to be paid at par ; and he thought that even the evil which was now complained of might produce in them habits of economy and frugality , when they found that they lost considerably by drawing for money from England . If the motion was agreed to , it would have a tendency to turn many of our officers into money-brokers . He found himself compelled by his sense of duty to oppose the motion . hoped that this question might be discussed without any considerations of party . He did not wish to oppose himself to the administration of the right hon . gent. , whose conduct in his department he had always heard spoken of with the greatest approbation . He thought it was due to the right hon . gent , to say so much in praise of his general administration of the Admiralty , yet in the present instance he must entirely disagree with him . If the present motion had come from that right hon . gentleman , he was sure that it would have been agreed to by the House without any opposition . He could see no reason why the officers of the navy should not have the same allowances as the officers of the army . The right hon . gent , seemed to think that their superior accommodation on board ship , where their lodging and food was provided for them , was a sufficient reason for a difference . He , however , thought otherwise , for doubtless all those things were taken into consideration when the pay of the two services were fixed . As to the chance of the exchanges rising in time , that was nothing to the officers now serving . It was a poor comfort to the officers who were losing 30 per cent . out of their pay by serving their country in the Mediterranean , to tell them that some time or another officers might possibly gain by the exchanges becoming favourable . When the right hon . gent , said , that probably the exchange would again rise to be in favour of this country , he must say , that he could see no such probability Sup-pose that an expence would be incur-red by this means of 30 or 40,000l . a year , he was convinced that it could well be saved on some other part of the navy estimates . But , if it could not be saved , still he was sure that the country would never grudge such a sum for the comforts of a set of men ,