intermarriages between the different bodies of the same community ; the spirit which stirred up the father against the son , and the son against the father , and which prevented the education of the majority of a nation under pain of transportation . If this should be doubted , he could produce living witnesses to declare that they were compelled to seek their education among the rocks and woods for fear of transportation . Although he could not impute such a spirit of persecution to the right hon . gent . yet from the antipathy which he manifested to this institution , he could not but think , if he continued long to be minister , it were sincerely to be wished that he should change his sentiments . Would he prefer an education to the Catholics in a foreign land to an education at home ? If not , why quarrel with the institution ! Why throw out against it such illiberal insinuations ? When he recollected the practice of the House of Commons in similar circumstances towards mere strangers , he was astonished at this neglect of their Catholic brethren . He could state of his own knowledge that there was a great deficiency of Catholic clergymen in Ireland , and he would appeal to the House on behalf of a people every way worthy of their attention , in behalf of a people who were once in a state of civilization , compared with the rest of Europe , who diffused their learning and knowledge to other nations , and whose former literary fame is on the record of several of the universities of Europe . Search the records of the universities of Munich , St. Gall , Padua , and Paris , nay search even the records of your own universities , Oxford and Cambridge , and it will be seen how great is the obligation which science and literature owe to the professors and learned men from that country , to which was now refused a liberal grant for an establishment , which had for its object the . education of those who are 522 to inculcate the doctrines of Christianity among four millions of their fellow creatures , whom , while they were calling brethren , they were treating worse than the negroes of Africa , or the hindoos of India , towards whom they had exerted themselves for the extension of the light of the Gospel . He would read an extract from an English historian , shewing the protection which Ireland afforded to this country in the dark ages . Lord Little ton in his History of Henry 2 , ( quarto edition , p. 26 ) , says , `` About the middle of the 7th century ( says the venerable Bede ) , numbers of the nobles and of the second rank of England left their country , and retired into Ireland , for the sake of studying theology , and leading there a stricter life . All these ( he affirms ) the Irish most willingly received , and maintained '' at their own charge ; supplying them with books , and being their teachers without fee or re ward . `` — '' A most honourable testimony ( says Littleton ) not only to the learning , but also to the hospitality and bounty of that nation . `` — '' Among many learned who were driven by the terror of this persecution ( that of the Scandinavians ) to take refuge abroad , none distinguished themselves more than Albin and Clement , whom the emperor Charles the Great re ceived in his court , and honoured with his favour . Of the last of these it is said , by a contemporary German writer , that through his instructions the French might vie with the Romans and the Athenians . John Erigina , whose surname denoted his country ( Ere or Erin , being the proper name of Ireland ) , became soon afterwards famous for his learning and good parts , both in England and in France . Thus did most of the lights which