present ( so strangely I think ) withdrawn from our consideration . Without that Resolution , it is utterly useless—with it , it would be dangerous and injurious . It is easy to see the evils of our situation , but at present we unfortunately have not the means of applying a remedy . I am sure the plan of the Bullion Committee proposed in these two last Resolutions , would not operate beneficially . Let us consider the effect of an immediate resumption of cash payments . It would introduce the use of gold in our internal transactions , a circumstance desirable , no doubt ; but is the attainment of that object worth the risk which must be encountered ? No improvement of the exchange could take place unless our coin were exported , a measure which even the Bullion Committee have not ventured to recommend , however clearly arising out of their principles . But supposing those principles carried to their utmost extent , and the free exportation of our gold coin permitted , who can doubt that the drain of it would be so great as to force us to have recourse , from direct necessity , to a fresh restriction , under circumstances still more unfavourable and alarming than the present ? The whole effect of the attempt would be to destroy our credit , and increase our danger . The Committee themselves have not however , ventured to recommend an immediate resumption of cash payments . 955 They propose it after the expiration of two years ; and I am particularly desirous to turn the attention of the House to the interval between the determination that the Bank should resume its cash payments , and the actual commencement of those payments . This would be a most important period , and pregnant with the utmost danger . The Bank would be under the necessity of collecting a large quantity of bullion , in order to answer the demands which would of course be made upon it , and that necessity would make the rate of exchange still more unfavourable to us , because the price of bullion would augment every where in proportion to the supposed wants of so great a purchaser ; and the effect upon the exchange would , from the peculiar nature of the article , be still greater than would be occasioned by the purchase of other commodities . The bullion so collected would remain locked up in the Bank without being of the smallest use , during the interval , to any person whatever . It is indeed contended , in the Bullion Report , that the knowledge of the approaching resumption of cash payments would of itself increase the public confidence ; but this I deny , because its tendency to produce that effect would be much more than counterbalanced by the other consequences which must result from it , one of which is , that the Bank would be forced , from motives of self-preservation , to circumscribe its issues of paper , in order to lessen the demands which might be made upon it when the period of cash payments arrived , and at the same time to collect , by every possible method , all the gold which could be met with . Now I wish the House to consider the situation in which the government , the merchant , and indeed every class of men , would be placed , if the issues of Banknotes were greatly diminished , while gold was even scarcer than at present . It would be a situation which can not be contemplated without the most serious alarm . What other currency can be substituted when both coin and Bank-notes shall have disappeared ? It is possible and indeed probable , that the extremity of the evil might produce a remedy , by forcing the notes of country banks into general circulation , as has been pointed out in the evidence of Mr. Stuckey , which I have quoted . In which case the remedy proposed by the Committee for an excess of paper , would end in the