that many of their expences had been brought on them by the government at home . It was impossible for any company to have managed worse than they had done . They were now within three years of the expiration of their charter , and all their stock was spent . If the charter should not be renewed to them , they would still remain a great company , having power to trade to the East Indies , but they would not have this privilege exclusively , as they have at present . He gave notice , that he would , on a future day , bring this conduct of the directors under the consideration of the House ; but at present , in order merely to ascertain 183 the fact , he moved `` for the statement of the dividend of the years 1810–11 , and of the rate per cent . '' could have no objection to give the papers which were applied for . The hon . member would find that his ideas on the subject were perfectly erroneous . His statement was unfair and unfounded both in the law and the fact ; and there could be nothing more prejudicial than to send forth to the public and the proprietors so unfounded a representation of the state of the company 's funds . He did not understand the law sufficiently to detail it or argue upon it in the case before the House , but he understood from those who were perfectly versed in it , that the law and the fact bore out the directors in the line which they had pursued . defended the statements of his hon . friend , which he said were drawn from the exposition of the directors themselves . From this it was clear that after deducting seven millions due to the proprietors of capital stock , yet more than seven millions were deficient , though the hon . chairman had roundly contradicted the fact , while he admitted his ignorance of the law . The act of parliament clearly laid down that the dividends should be paid out of the net proceeds of the company , and as this had not been complied with , he felt himself called on to support the motion of his hon . friend . said , that the hon . gent . had entirely mistaken the scope and meaning of the law and acts of parliament , and drawn wrong inferences from them . It should be recollected that the whole territorial property of the company , together with the assets and other property , were to be set off against these seven millions—not to speak of the prospective resources of the company , which , instead of going on from bad to worse , as stated by the hon . gent . were much better than they had been . He did not feel it necessary at present to go far into the question , but he had to complain of the exaggerated statements which had been made , without any vouchers or papers to support them . observed , that he did not think the statements of his hon . friend had been at all invalidated by the observations of the hon . directors , who had merely contradicted the law and the fact , without entering into an explanation of either . He thought that it would be right that the right hon . gent . who presided at the Board of Control , should satisfy 184 the House in some degree on the question before them . He felt some surprise that the directors should find no profits to pay the public out of the net proceeds , but quite enough to pay themselves . Under all the circumstances of the case , he would vote for the production of the papers , in order to see the principles of the hon . gent . and the grounds on which they proceeded . had no wish to bring on an extended discussion , but from his connection with the company , he thought it necessary for him to