to examine . Unquestionably there were precedents for the measure which it was proposed to rescind . Those who recollected , with him , the parliamentary occurrences of 1783 , would remember that , a Bill was then brought in for the regulation of the offices of the exchequer , and for the reduction of the emolument of the Tellers . When that Bill came from the Committee , there was a clause in it , providing that it should not operate against a grant in reversion by his Majesty to lord Thurlow , of a Tellership of the Exchequer . To this clause the House disagreed , notwithstanding the extraordinary exertions of a great lawyer ( lord Kenyon ) , who then advocated the rights of individuals as other lawyers now advocated them ; and , as he thought , with too much eagerness . On a division upon this clause , the number in favour of it was 49 ; that against it 57.—He would repeat what he had stated on a former stage of this Bill ; namely , that if parliament took one step in the repeal of the principle of the act passed last session , they must take many more steps . There were many persons affected by that act , whose claims were much stronger than those of the diplomatic individuals to whom the pending bill applied . For instance , previous to the act of last session , the Old Stores were vested in the crown , which had power to grant pensions to various public officers on it . That act ( very wisely in 722 his opinion ) deprived the crown of that power . All , therefore , who had what might be called an expectant right under the former practice , possessed a better claim on the House than the individuals whose case was under consideration . But a still stronger circumstance existed : there were individuals who had been deprived by the act of last session , of the expectation of emoluments to which they had a title under two former acts of parliament . By the act of the 49th of the King , c. 36 , and by an act passed only two weeks before the act of last session , founded on the Report of the Finance Committee , the crown was empowered to grant allowances to certain Officers of the Excise in England and Scotland ; it was empowered to grant those who had served ten years , three fourths of their salaries . By the act of last session , these allowances were reduced to one half of the salaries of these officers . Had not the individuals thus affected , therefore , ten times greater right to complain , than the diplomatic individuals who were the objects of the proposed measure ? Did anyone suppose from this reasoning that he entertained any wish of opening again the act of last session ? Far from it . By that act a proper system of superannuation had been established ; and the relaxed habit in which government had previously indulged on that subject , was corrected . The act of last session had passed with the general approbation of the country ; and it was not to be disturbed , because a claim was made for two or three individuals , who , he had shewn , had not suffered by it so extensively as many others . Besides , the supporters of the Bill asserted , that all they wanted was to put these gentlemen in the situation in which they were before the act of last session . Now that was impossible . To agree to the proposed Bill , would be to give to the claims of the foreign ministers a sanction which they never before enjoyed . contend-ed , that whatever might be the merits of the Bill before the House , it would not afford such a dangerous precedent as was apprehended by his horn friend . With respect to the operation of the act of last session , on those individuals who had expectances on the fund