for very simple reasons . The price of gold bullion in the market must depend , like that of other articles , on the comparison between the supply and the demand , either for use at home , or for foreign exportation ; but the demand for both is of a peculiar kind . The demand for use at home is two-fold—either for manufacture , or for coinage . The quantity of gold used in manufacture is too small to have any sensible effect upon the price : and as at present the price of gold which can be sworn off for exportation , is higher than that of gold not exportable , it is clear that whatever quantity may be wanted for manufacture , will be taken from such gold as can not legally be exported . It is also a convenience to the goldsmith to make use of such gold as has passed through the Mint ; because he is sure it is of the exact standard fineness ; while , if he uses foreign gold , he must incur some expense and trouble in the refinement and assay . And though the manufacturer is prevented by law from melting coin of the current weight for his use , he is under no such restriction with respect to that which has lost its currency by being worn below the legal weight . The demand for gold for the purpose of Coinage must therefore regulate the price of bullion , so far as depends upon home consumption . This may be considered as a demand unlimited in point of amount ; for the Mint is legally bound to receive and strike whatever quantity of gold may be brought to it . But it is evident , that this demand , as it must always prevent the price of bullion from falling materially below the Mint price , so it can not , in any ordinary case , raise it above the Mint price ; for no man will carry gold to the Mint to be returned to him in a less valuable state than it was before . I say , in any ordinary case , because I am aware that the Bank has sometimes been obliged to purchase gold for coinage at a considerable loss . But this has always happened 940 in consequence of the foreign demand for gold , occasioned by an unfavourable exchange , draining away our coin by clandestine exportation ; and has , therefore , no connection with the demand at home , of which only I am now speaking , and I do not see that it can ever happen from any other cause . Now , upon both these branches of the domestic use of gold , it is evident that a rise in the price of other articles can have no effect . It could not vary the demand for manufacture , and the Mint price would continue to regulate coinage ; unless indeed , in consequence of any supposed excess of circulating money , the Mint should be stopped by order of government , which would of course lower the price of bullion . But that which puts it out of all question , that the present rise in the price of bullion is owing to a foreign , and not a domestic demand , is a circumstance before adverted to , viz . that the price of gold which is legally exportable , is about five percent higher than that which is not so . Now , the demand of bullion for exportation must arise principally out of the state of the exchange ; and the price will be regulated by the rate at which bills can be obtained . Sometimes , indeed , an accidental scarcity of gold in some country abroad may occasion it to be sent there , although a remittance by bills may appear , on calculation , more favourable ; and in a few instances , foreign importers may , for particular reasons , refuse payment of any other kind , as is said to have been lately the case with some of