masses the greatest armies of the continent have crumbled into dust ; if he has seized the up-lilted bolt of vengeance , which was ready-to be hurled against the devoted toners of Lisbon , has diverted it from its destination , and conducted it harmless into the earth : if , protecting the kingdom committed to his defence against the destroyers of the independance of nations , he has stood as it were between the dead and the living , and stayed that deadly plague which had filled every other part of Europe with havock and desolation ; if he has done this , and no more than this , I am not , I can not , ' be disappointed at the result of the campaign . To have saved Portugal , and in saving Portugal to have procured for Spain another year of hope , another season for exertion , and therewith to have given to Europe another chance of recovering from the effects of this furious tempest which so long has raged with unabating fury , and has laid prostrate every thing great and venerable amongst the nations of the world—this is no slight success , [ hear ! hear ! hear ! ] —this is no mean glory—it is a result worthy all the expence , and effort , and anxiety , that it has cost us—and , if it does not satisfy our desires it may well make us ashamed of our fears.—But if , because lord Wellington has done no more than this , it be thought that he has neglected to take advantage of opportunities to follow up his successes , and to destroy the whole force of the enemy , there is perhaps no commander , on whose behalf an appeal could be more confidently made against such a charge , to the whole tenor of his professional career , and to the prominent features of his military character . If he did not think it prudent to follow up his success against a repulsed but still a superior 228 and unbroken enemy , if he did not think himself warranted to put the advantage , which he had gained , to the hazard of an unequal conflict , and to risk by a culpable temerity the fruits of what he had gloriously achieved , we may very fairly presume that in taking a course , not the most congenial to his nature , he has adapted his measures to the circumstances of the campaign and to the peculiar situation in which he found himself placed . Let him not now be blamed for prudence after having been so often rebuked for impetuosity . But disagreeing , Sir , as I do with the hon . general in his views upon the subject of the campaign , there is no one point upon which I differ more widely from him than as to the probable effect and ultimate advantage of the system of measures by which the army of England is now , for the first time for many years , arrayed , against the troops of France in a continental campaign , and contending for mastery under the eyes of Europe . The advantage to our own troops from practice in warfare—and from having had frequent opportunities of establishing beyond the possibility of doubt , what we always knew , but what the enemy constantly flattered themselves they could disprove by denying—the physical and moral superiority of the British soldier ; —the impression necessarily produced upon the French armies , by the palpable demonstration thus presented to the world of the groundlessness of their own vain-glorious pretensions to the character of invincible ; —these surely are effects which justify the principle of the policy from which they are derived , and which not only contribute to the immediate glory but tend to the ultimate safety of this country . The hon . general looks to an invasion—to a struggle for our own existence on our own shores . Surely the British soldier , who has fought in the peninsula , will not be a less adequate defender of his country ,