. The innocent might be deterred from indifferent actions by a fear of being suspected to commit a robbery or 135 other offence ; but this , though vexatious to individuals , would be no extensive injury to the community : but if writers , able to expose the imbecility of our councils , and to point out to the people and to parliament the cause of any public misfortune , were deterred by the apprehension of incurring the penalty of libelling , they would be deterred from a positive good—the community deprived of a real advantage—and the interests of the people deeply and perhaps irreparably injured . It was , after all , public discussion , open investigation of public affairs , and in one word , the liberty of the press which formed the most salutary check on political men , on governments , and even on legislatures themselves . These were in his judgment principles never to be lost sight of , either in regulating or in executing the laws regarding that liberty ; at least these were the principles which he had imbibed at the earliest period , and which he believed and trusted he should never abandon to the latest hour of his life . He had learnt them from the first authorities , and many of those who had supported them in this country drew from them consequences with respect to Ex Officio Informations much stronger than any which he should urge to their lordships . Indecd he knew that many had doubted the legality of Ex Officio Informations altogether . In such an abstruse point he was not competent to judge ; he was almost ashamed of giving his opinion , for none of their lordships could think it worth hearing . He would however observe , that although they seemed to flow from an anomalous , perhaps a suspicious source , though they might come in the shape of civil actions from the Court of Exchequer , where he believed the first trace of them was to be found , yet that was at such a remote period , ( Ed . 3 . ) and there was not only such a stream of precedent in their favour , but the legislature had so often by inference admitted , had so recently and in such good times regulated them , that he did not understand what constituted legality , if they were not legal , especially as , on the solemn argument upon their legality , the Court was unanimous in favour of them . He knew that on that occasion an obiter dictum of Lord Hale was quoted from memory by a counsel , but Lord Holt said , that Lord Hale blamed the abuse , and did not question the legality of informations ; and even if it were otherwise , the obiter dictum of a man great as Lord Hale , ( and a greater 136 never adorned a court of justice in any country ) was not suffcient to counteract the stream of uninterrupted precedent , the then admission , and the subsequent sanction , of parliament itself . He did therefore think they were legal , though he felt it presumptuous in him to say so much when he knew that such men as Glynn and Dunning , as well as others , had more recently questioned the principles and precedents on which they rested . The authority of these eminent men was yet more decidedly against the expediency and necessity of such a power being vested in the Attorney General . Many who now heard him might recollect , that on a motion of a near relation of a noble lord opposite , a minority of 78 voted in the other House for the suppression of that power ; and that in that minority , besides other great names , were the distinguished lawyers , Serjeant Glynn , Mr. Wedderburn , and Mr. Dunning . The two last had risen to the highest judicial situations , and the last especially , ( though he had not the good fortune of having known him ) was by