been thrown open to us , and the greater part of the immense productions of those places ( from which formerly we received but little property direct , except bullion ) now comes to fill the warehouses , and for a time to exhaust the capitals of the merchants of this country . Our conquests also have had the same tendency ; in addition to the produce of the old British colonies , we now receive that of Martinique , Guadaloupe , St. Cruz , St. Thomas 's , & c. ; the greatest part of the produce of Saint Domingo also now comes here . From Europe , the importations from places from which the British flag is excluded , have been immense—these causes co-operating at a period when the situation of the United States has prevented their ships from introducing into Europe that large proportion of West Indian and South American productions , of which they would have 257 been the carriers , the effects have been more sensibly felt by our merchants . '' Your Committee , upon the whole , think themselves justified in stating , that the embarrassments and distresses at present experienced , are of an extensive nature ; and though they are most severely felt amongst the manufacturers and merchants in those trades which have been more particularly specified , yet that they are also felt in a considerable degree in some other branches of trade ; but they have the satisfaction of stating , that from the evidence of a very extensive and experienced merchant , it does not appear that they are felt in the woollen trade , to such an extent as would at all justify a call upon parliament for any extraordinary relief . That your Committee are warranted in stating , that there appeared a general concurrence of opinion amongst those of the witnesses who were examined , as to the expediency of affording parliamentary relief in the manner in which it was afforded by the issue of exchequer bills in the year 1793 , although there was some difference as to the extent of benefit which might be expected to be derived from such relief . And your Committee state it to be their decided opinion , that although there are many circumstances at the present time affecting the state of trade and commercial credit , which make a great difference between the present period and that of the year 1793 , yet the distress is of such a nature and extent , as to make such parliamentary relief highly expedient and necessary ; and that it promises to be productive of extensive and important benefit , that although in many cases such aid may not be capable of effectually relieving the persons to whom it may be applied , from great losses arising from the state of circumstances , yet by affording them time gradually to contract their operations , to call in their means , to withhold from immediate sale , articles which at present can fetch only most ruinous prices , and to keep up the employment of their machinery and their workmen , though upon a very reduced and limited scale ; it will divide and spread the pressure of this distress over a larger space of time , and enable them to meet it with consequences less ruinous to themselves , and less destructive to the interests of the community . That your Committee referred to the manner in which relief was afforded in the year 4393 , and have found that the pro- 258 visions of that measure which , as appears by the report of the commissioners appointed on that occasion , was attended with the happiest effects , and the most complete success , are embodied in the act 33 Geo . 3. cap . 29 ; and the Committee are of opinion , that similar provisions should be adopted with regard to the relief at present proposed ; that the amount of exchequer bills to be issued should not be less , nor would the Committee recommend that it should be more , than 6,000,000l . and that