to be deserving of paramount and prior consideration . I allude , Sir , to the war now carried on by Great Britain , on a very extended scale , within the boundaries of the continent of Europe . On this occasion I do not arrogate to myself a superior degree of patriotism , or of military knowledge , but I discharge a conscientious duty to my country ; and , in the discharge of that duty , I will employ as much perspicuity and brevity as I can command.—It is my intention to attribute to his Majesty 's ministers full credit for patriotic designs , and virtuous motives . That they conceive a war upon the continent will lessen the military power of Buonaparté ; will protect our allies , the Spaniards and the Portuguese ; and will delay , or ultimately defeat , the invasion of the British isles . On the contrary , I contend that such opinions , with our limited population , speaking comparatively of it with the population of Europe , will offer up as unnecessary victims , the best soldiers of Britain ; will not avail ultimately , in the defence of our allies , as the integrity of British resources can alone give us present security , and , in a more remote degree , afford a point and beacon of rally and redemption to the prostrate nations of Europe : and that the expenditure of our brave men , and our military resources upon the continent , will co-operate with the ambitious designs of Buonaparté , and open a passage at an earlier period , and with more facility , to our mortal and inveterate enemy—Experience and common sense equally confirm the soundness and validity of these opinions . If any nation undertakes a line of military operation beyond its means , or comparatively so with those of the enemy , the result must naturally produce a melancholy termination . On the present occasion , I contend that our means are physically inadequate to the object in view , that the plan and system are founded in error and mistake , 196 and must inevitably lead to disaster and destruction.—After this brief analysis of the argument between me and the gentleman opposite , I proceed to take a summary view of the two expeditions which have been sent by the ministers of the day , into the interior of Spain , before I state the operations of the campaign which commenced in 1810.—The papers and documents upon the tables of the two houses of parliament , clearly point out the rendezvous of the troops allotted to the command of Lieut . Gen. sir John Moore , and hold out a delusive expectation , that the army under his command would have been able to penetrate to Madrid , and render important service to the Spanish cause . We collect , likewise , from the papers in our possession , a description of the scanty state of the supplies to be expected by the British general , between Salamanca and the capital.—A small division of this army was therefore intrusted to the command of Lieut . Gen. sir John Hope , consisting principally of cavalry and artillery , who , by a circuitous march , reached the neighbourhood of Madrid . The vigilance of the commander , and the persevering activity of his officers and soldiers , extricated this detachment of the British army from a situation of imminent peril , as the French had occupied the pass of Samosierra , and were extending themselves , in overbearing numbers , on the route of this small column . I need not recapitulate to the committee all the disasters which pressed rapidly on sir John Moore , owing to the erroneous intelligence which was conveyed to him from authority , and from the harrassing movements of superior bodies of the enemy.—It is sufficient for my present purpose to say , that sir John Moore was compelled to offer battle , after hardships almost unparalleled , to an army which out-numbered his own , in the neighbourhood of Corunna . The committee will pardon