on which he was entering , could be successfully maintained , lord Wellington found himself obliged instantly to organize an army . I believe I shall to be con- 776 tradicted , if I say of the worst materials that could be selected of a peasantry , debased by long subjection to a weak and tyrannical government , and weighed down by constitutional indolence ; of an aristocracy long deservedly become the jest and bye-word of all Europe . And how were these materials applied ? On this perhaps no comment may be necessary when we see these very men not two years after opposed , and successfully opposed , to that force before which the well disciplined troops of Austria , of Russia , and of Prussia had been humbled to the dust . Nor should we look to the general conduct of the last year 's campaign , without observing that by the exertions of lord Wellington a point d'appui was afforded to the gallant but harrassed Spanish army at that time on the Guadiana . And would that it were still in our power to look to the operations of that force as conducted by the gallantry , as animated by the example , as connected with the name , of that deserving and lamented officer under whose command it was then found—I mean the Marquis de la Romana . That great man , however , is now no more ! He closed his career in the active and virtuous discharge of those duties towards Spain , to which , as a politician and soldier , and as a patriot , the best exertions of his valuable life had been dedicated . And the affections and interests of that country , Whose arms he had rescued abroad from prostitution to a foreign power , to whose public welfare he had sacrificed at home his private fortunes , and in whose service he has died ; the affections and interests of that country , of the peninsula , and of Europe , join in mourning over his grave.—And how , 'Sir , allow me for a moment to consider another point , and , leaving the peninsula , to look to our own domestic security as promoted by the conduct of the late campaign under ' lord Wellington . It is well known that from the prevailing winds along the coasts of Gallicia and of Biscay , and in that part of the Atlantic , the ports of Lisbon , Oporto , Corunna , and Cadiz , become very much objects of attention , from being capable of furnishing at any moment means of attack upon , perhaps , our most vital and vulnerable point , Ireland . The force Which might , and in all probability would , have been employed for that purpose in the course of last year , has been amply employed by lord Wellington , and the ports themselves rendered inapplicable to the purpose.—Upon all these grounds then , upon the advantages we have reaped from , and the gratitude we one to lord Wellington for the conduct of the last campaign , let not , I conjure the House , its thanks be bestowed with a reluctant and niggardly consent . Let them be , as they should be , unanimous . Let it not be imputable to us , that , when the tongne of Buonaparte himself is stripped of half its rancour , and when he even bears his un-willing testimony to lord Wellington 's military fame , that his country , that the British House of Commons is the last organ to pronounce his praise . Let him not on his return to his native country ; after the malignancy of those who ate continually his enemies , because the enemies of his country , is silenced ; let him not find his fair fame tarnished by a contested and half-willing Vote of Thanks . observed , that in the vote proposed he most cordially concurred . He thought that lord Wellington deserved the thanks of that House , and of the nation . He was of opinion that