He would not , therefore , enter into the minute and trifling parts of the subject ; but he would proceed to the fair ground on which the finances of Ireland should be considered—the providing for any deficiencies which might have occurred in answering the public expenditure . Where , he would ask , were those deficiencies ? With respect to that part of the subject , it would be necessary for him to recur to the period when he became Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer . In so doing , he did not mean to contrast his conduct with that of the right hon . bart . who had filled the same situation . The public would judge of their respective merits . He would explain to the House what he proposed by the increase of taxes in 1804 , what were his hopes , and how they were frustrated . It was his object at that time to raise the taxes to the full amount of a peace establishment—sufficient to answer every purpose of the Sinking Fund—and , if the war continued , then revenue should be raised to pay the interest . In 1804 the sum total which he proposed for a peace establishment , amounted to 11,000,000l . which was not deemed unreasonable . From that period , the revenue did begin to 428 rise , but not so rapidly as could be wished . In the year next but one , the rise , however , was very great . What was the fact since ? There was a debt of 4,000,000l . to be liquidated , and the revenue had failed considerably last year . But it was unfair to confine the resources of the country to that period . Let the revenue be taken on an average of any three former years , and it would be found to have produced 4,500,000l . Let the calculation be made at that produce , and it would be fully sufficient to answer every demand , and a surplus of 200,000l . would still remain . What was the cause of this failure of the revenue ; and what were the hopes that the system formerly pursued would ultimately answer every end proposed , without the necessity of levying additional taxes ? It would be observed , that the excise on spirits , during the last year , was operative for a very short period . The dates , of course , were greatly curtailed . In fact , they amounted to only 450,000l . in the course of the year . But if they took the consumption of spirits in Ireland to be as great as heretofore , and if the excise were brought to the same perfect state to which it had been carried in this country , then the revenue of Ireland would be sufficient to answer every purpose to which it was necessary to appropriate it , and a very large super flux could be laid by . If Ireland were able to bear a similar duty on spirits as that which was now levied in this country , it would produce upwards of 3,000,000l . instead of 450,000l . which was the amount of last year 's spirit excise . This , he was sure , could be done , whenever they arrived at the same accuracy which had been attained in England . He spoke this merely as a member of the empire : and he did not conceive that the right hon . bart . brought forward this measure from any wish to impede the operations of government , or to harass those who were in office , but from an honest and praiseworthy wish to benefit Ireland . He joined him most cordially in these sentiments ; and hoped , at a future time , to have the benefit of his advice . He would go hand-in-hand with the right hon . bart . in any expedient which would tend to serve that country ; and , if he opposed the present resolutions , it was not from any feeling of hostility . He could not accede to