's arrival at Santarem , the condition of his army became greatly ameliorated . The convents , churches , and buildings of that place , afforded both shelter and convenience to many battalions that had hitherto been in a houseless state . The favourable situation of the local , it being protected by the Tagus , the swamps , and the mountains , gave a great relief to the severity of the duty which before had necessarily been imposed upon the French soldiers . The cantonments which had been provided between the river Zezere , Torres Novas , Goligao , Thomar , Lryria , and the contiguous villages , received the whole of the troops , and at the same time covered the most fertile as well as the best cultivated parts of Portugal . The ground , therefore , on which the French army now stood , gave comparative abundance , to what it had experienced either on the outset or during the continuance of the campaign . The herds and flocks were found upon the land ; the mills were placed in a state of activity ; and the late harvest and vintage had hitherto received in those quarters little or no diminution . It appears , by different channels of intelligence , that occasional patroles are made by the French , for various military purposes , to the frontier 208 of Spain , across the river Mondego , and to Lamego , on the banks of the Douro ; which have been sometimes interrupted by the peasantry and the militia of the country . Notwithstanding any interruption from this , or any other cause , Portugal has been obliged to supply the great proportion of the subsistence required by marshal Massena , and must continue to furnish all his demands , until the seasons allow the junction of reinforcements , and the consequent commencement of active operations . If we now survey , with candour and truth , the result of the operations since the commencement of the campaign , we must admit that the enemy has gained possession of two important fortresses , with their artillery , garrisons , and stores ; that he has advanced over rivers , mountains , and an extensive country ; and that he now occupies a position which keeps the allied army in check , and at the same time enables him to feed his troops , build boats and pontoons , and concert his future designs . At this period of apparent repose in Portugal , it may not be improper to call the attention of the committee to a retrospect of the transactions which had occurred in Spain . The desultory warfare which had been attempted both in the south and north , by British officers , and with British resources , had not been crowned with success . The condition as well as character of Spain had undergone a considerable alteration , since the commencement of the struggle , for the dearest rights and privileges of humanity . The defeat and captivity of general Dupont , an officer of reputed celebrity , the glorious and patriotic defences of Saragossa and Gerona , had no parallel in the late events upon the peninsula . The surrender of Ciudad Rodrigo , and the fall of Tortosa , with the abundant garrison and stores which it contained , bore no resemblance to the chivalrous and magnanimous efforts displayed in the first effervescence of the resistance to Buonaparte . An epitome of the state of Spain , during the last nine months , is not an unimportant feature in the argument I am now offering to the committee . The map of the peninsula shews the Pyrenees , the frontier of Portugal , and the French position at Santarem , In their progress from France , as Buonaparté has no water carriage , his troops must perform considerable marches ; they must traverse Spain , in all directions , with stores and ammunition ; and great and small detachments must necessarily have 209 seven or eight hundred miles to pass over , in order to advance the main operations before Torres