to such a degree as absolutely to operate as a snare to the commission of offences of this kind . He admitted that the number of prosecutions for stealing from the person had increased since the passing of his Bill exempting the crime of stealing privately from the person , from capital punishment , but this was the necessary consequence , and shewed that the measure was likely to operate . It must necessarily , at the first , increase prosecutions and convictions , but when its effects were seen and felt , it would immediately lead to a decrease of the crime . His hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Abercromby ) had stated the disproportion between the numbers of persons committed and those actually prosecuted for stealing in the dwelling-house . If gentlemen would look , however , at the numbers committed for stealing in the shop , they would find that there the disproportion was still greater . The whole number committed for this offence in five years was 598 ; of these 120 were tried ; 20 were convicted , but not one was executed : and for stealing in the dwelling-house , within the same period , only two were executed . It was impossible not to see that this proceeded from a disinclination to prosecute to the effect of inferring a capital punishment on such offences as these . The right hon . gent . opposite , however , said , that though punishment was not inflicted , the mere passing of the sentence would operate in a salutary way , by deterring others from the commission of crimes . How were persons to be deterred , however , by the idea of a punishment which they knew would never fall upon them ? This was , indeed , to go to the nursery for our ideas , but such an argument would not operate with persons acute as those on whom it was meant to have effect were admitted to be . The cases alluded to by the right hon . the Chancellor 659 of the Exchequer as being of an aggravated nature , with great submission , did not apply to stealing in the dwelling-house , but must fairly be considered as stealing forcibly from the person . Yet these two cases of simply stealing in the dwelling-house , and the aggravated offence which the right hon . gent . had himself pictured so highly , he would have punished in the same manner . As to the observations made by his hon . and learned friend on the work of Mr. Bentham , he ( sir S. Romilly ) should only say , that it was a most masterly and valuable performance , which would live and be highly thought of when those who now heard him would be no more ; and if his hon . and learned friend had by his observations on that work made any gentleman who might not have already perused it , desirous to do so , he Could assure that hon . gent. , whoever he might be , that his hon . and learned friend had conferred on him a high obligation . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , that the criminal law of England was not a sanguinary law ; for it was not to be executed . It was intended , however , to have been executed , and it was executed till towards the latter end of the present reign . At the beginning of this reign , more persons were executed than were pardoned , in the proportion of three to two , now , not more than one was executed out of 17 . Ministers , therefore , were themselves the innovators , and not him ( sir S. Romilly ) . All he wished to do was to make the law in theory what it was already in practice . Ministers in the lenity with which they now executed the sentence of the law , only concurred in the general feeling of the nation . It was as his hon