, and of other matters of trivial moment ; but , touch on the affairs of his kingdom , and he was immediately thrown into a state of violent mental derangement . The noble lord had talked of his Majesty 's disorder not being the same in 1801 and 1804 ; but to whom had his Majesty been committed in both these cases ? —to Dr. Willis in the former year , and to Dr. Simmons and his attendants in the latter . The noble lord , however , had said , that every person in a cold or a fever must be under a certain degree of control : he admitted they must , but it was not such a control as that of Drs . Willis and Simmons , and of their attendants . The fact was , the King had not been treated with the tenderness he ought to have experienced . He had been frequently brought forward in council , for the purpose of assenting to particular measures , which greatly affected and agitated his mind . He had several times sat in council in the morning , and been in a state of strict coercion in the evening . He had been taken from his family , and placed in other hands . When , in the early part of the Regency Bill , he ( Mr. W. ) had asked , who had the custody of the King , the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer replied , that when that affair was fairly before the House , he would answer the question . That , however , he had not yet done . He had been asked , as he before said , why he had not brought this forward before ; 86 his answer was , that he did not know the King was under such control as it now appeared he was at that time . To this the noble lord replied , would you have ail public business stopped ? Would you have the Mutiny Act unpassed , and every thing run into confusion ? According to this doctrine , whenever the King was in a stage of mental derangement , though parliament be silting , ministers may refuse to make any provision for a similar misfortune , and perform all the acts of the executive government themselves ; because , say they , the king has responsible advisers , and afterwards these advisers come to the House , and use ail their influence to persuade it to vote against their responsibility . `` The great question for the House then to decide , '' added Mr. Whitbread , `` is , whether the King was not in the year 1804 , at the period to which I allude , in such a state of mental infirmity , that if a private individual he could not have legally done any act affecting his property or personal rights . It is contended on the other side , I know , that the King 's competence to do any act of state was perfect on all those occasions , when he was called upon for the personal exercise of his royal functions . But this I deny ; and I am willing to come to the test upon that single point . How is this to be decided ? by the papers I call for . You say that he was as competent as any-private individual , whose restoration had been legally recognized . I challenge you to the proof of that ; I affirm , without fear of contradiction , that had the King at that period been tried as a private subject , the lord high chancellor , whom I now accuse , would have pronounced him incompetent for business . [ Here the chancellor of the exchequer signified his dissent ] .—The right hon . gent . may toss his head ; but this is all that he can do.—If he could have done more , we should have heard him—as speak he must , for whom has he to speak with him . It has been