more soldiers than were necessary to maintain the honour of the country , and bring the war to a happy termination . The arrangements of the noble Secretary at War met generally with his approbation . Adverting to what had been said of the Local Militia , he took occasion to speak of the great advantages derived to that force , from having non-commissioned officers attached to it . With them the Local Militia was every thing , without them nothing . objected to the plan of the noble lord for supplying the casualties . He proposed to fill up the regular army with 10,000 men taken annually from the militia . This was the worst way he could take of supplying the army . The hon . gent . then took a view of the several Militia Acts , from which he inferred that the regular quota of the Militia was 70,000 men , and that the 14,000 over that number were in fact but supernumeraries . There could be no objection to the noble lord 's filling up the regulars with these 14,000 men , if he wanted them ; but to take 10,000 annually from the Militia , would be to take from it a part of its regular quota . How were these to be again supplied ? He thought the mode by ballot pressed very heavy upon the country . The ballot ought , in his opinion , to be done away altogether , and the army might then be recruited at less expence . differed from the hon . gent . ( Mr. Giles ) on some points , but agreed with him in thinking the recruiting system preferable to the ballot . moved the second reading of this Bill . moved as an amendment , that it be read this day six months . spoke in support of the 327 Bill ; and said , that the hon gent . who had just spoken , seemed , by the arguments he had used , to know nothing at all about it ; and the hon . bart . opposite ( sir Walter Stirling ) and his friends ought of all others to wish most that the House should go into a Committee upon this Bill , which went to repeal the former one of last session . spoke in support of the former , and in opposition to the present Bill . stated several circumstances relative to the individuals who had promoted and opposed this Bill ; and thought the best way to investigate the real facts of the case would be to go into a Committee ; where they could be minutely urged . vindicated himself from some insinuations thrown out against his conduct in regard to this Bill ; and said , that he had been at first requested to bring it forward in parliament , but had declined doing so , merely on account of his being unacquainted with such business . defended the conduct of the hon . bart . and was not inclined to vote for the repeal of the former Bill . said he should oppose the committal of this Bill , as it went to repeal a former one , which had been found to be a great and serious convenience . added , that all the gentlemen in the county of Kent , both landholders and occupiers , thought that the road in question was unnecessary . spoke in favour of the conduct of the hon . bart . in regard to the former Bill , which he thought was a good one , and , without further grounds , ought not to be repealed . thought that the question had not been put upon its proper ground , for that justice demanded they should go into a Committee upon this Bill , in order to ascertain , as had been alleged , whether the former one had been obtained surreptitiously or not . rose and said , that in submitting to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House the result of the inquiries of the Select Committee , appointed to investigate the