It was reasonable to suppose , that men should generally mistake in this respect . We naturally imagine that the spot on which we ourselves stand is fixed , and that the things around us move . The man who is in a boat seems to see the shore departing 912 from him , and it was the doctrine of the first philosophers that the sun moved round the earth , and not the earth round the sun . In consequence of a similar prejudice , we assume that the currency which is in all our hands , and with which we ourselves are , as it were , identified , is fixed , and that the price of bullion moves ; whereas in truth , it is the currency of each nation that moves , and it is bullion , the larger article serving for the commerce of the world , which is the more fixed . It was remarkable , that when the American banks , about the year 1720 , issued their excessive paper , the merchants of America ascribed the consequent fall of the exchange to something in the state of trade ; a circumstance which is noticed , in the recent history of General Washington , by Mr. Marshall . All the banks which he had mentioned , except that of Russia—namely , the Bank of France , the Bank of Sweden , and the Banks of America , were establishments more or less independent of the government : they all emitted their paper in the way of loan , furnished at a moderate or low interest ; and they had all issued it to excess . The adversaries of the Bullion Committee had grounded a great part of their argument on the following distinction between the Bank of England and all those Banks of which the paper had been depreciated : —The Bank of England , they said , issues nothing , except in return for something valuable : they receive a bill , representing real property , for every note which they emit ; and therefore they can not issue to excess . Now the French Bank , the American Banks of which he had spoken , and he believed also the Swedish Bank , issued paper only in the way of loan ; they received something valuable in return for every note which they put out—in this respect resembling the Bank of England . It was true , that the Austrian and the Russian Banks issued paper simply in discharge of the expenditure of the government : they were , strictly speaking , government Banks ; and the excess in their case was more likely to be great . But it was of the utmost consequence to under stand , that , even when a supposed equivalent is received in return for the paper issued , excess might arise ; and the excesses he had already said , was likely to , be great in proportion as the rate of interest was low . The Bank even of Mr. Law , in France , issued its paper only in the way of loan . 913 This Bank had been adverted to by the learned gent . who opened the debate ; and the right hon . gent . who spoke next to him had complained of the comparison between the establishment of that projector and the Bank of England . Undoubtedly the name of Mr. Law , and that of the present directors of the Bank , ought not to be mentioned on the same day , if the general nature of the two establishments , or the comparative character of the persons presiding over them , were the only subject for consideration . It was , however , not improper to point out what was the main error of Mr. Law . It very clearly exposed itself in a small Essay on Money and Credit , published by him in Scotland , containing a plan , submitted to the Scotch parliament , which was apparently not unlike to that which he had more successfully recommended in France . Mr. Law considered