no country where the taxes were more cheerfully paid ; and he attributed the defalcation of the revenue to negligence in the collection , and to the prevalence of illicit distillation . He hoped that the right hon . baronet would be induced to withdraw his motion , in order that the subject might be submitted to the investigation , of a Committee . observed , that both sides of the House agreed that the subject was of such importance as to render it necessary , without loss of time , to proceed to an inquiry upon it . He should regret if the right hon . baronet persevered in proposing his Resolutions , as his right hon . friend had demonstrated that even were they completely accurate ( which they were not ) , Parliament could not entertain them at present , as they were founded on documents which were not yet in the hands of the members . The proposition therefore was premature . Another ground of objection to the Resolutions was , that they described only a part of the fact , and abstained from that counter-statement which would satisfy the country . His right hon . friend had shewn that the average revenue of the three last years in Ireland was 4,500,000l . It was not fair , therefore , to take the revenue of the last year alone , and to state it at 3,600,000l . He apprehended that the course pointed out by his right hon . friend would be most expedient , namely , that as soon as the necessary papers were before the House , and as soon as the termination of the assizes in Ireland would allow the members for that country to return to their parliamentary duty , a Select Committee should be appointed to investigate the whole of this great subject , and to afford to the House the data on which they might afterwards act . He trusted therefore , that the right hon . baronet , by withdrawing his motion , would prevent the disagreeable necessity of moving the previous question upon it . declared , that a matter of greater importance , or one which required more serious consideration , had never been agitated in that House . It was most material that it should be investigated at a time when the House could act on the result of that investigation ; and that time must be at an early period of the session . He thought great praise due to the right hon . baronet , whose object was unquestionably gained . The attention of the House was completely attracted to this important subject , and could not be diverted from it . At the same time he should infinitely prefer the examination by a Select Committee . He trusted that no time would be lost in the appointment of that Committee , and at least that it would be formed before the Easter recess . If his opinion had any weight with the right hon . baronet , he 436 would advise him to withdraw his motion ; for it would be a matter of regret that the House should divide , when in fact there was no actual division of opinion . He was glad to hear of the improvement of the agriculture and trade of Ireland , but was astonished at the phenomenon of an attendant failure in the revenue . This failure he attributed to negligence in the collection ; and he was persuaded that the revenue might be made much more productive without any increase of duties . He was convinced that taxes , similar to those called war taxes in England , were most applicable to Ireland . They were collected at a cheaper rate , they fell with a diminished weight on the lower orders , and there was comparatively but few mean of evading them . Reverting to the appointment of , a Committee , he slated it as his opinion , that it could not be delayed with any prospect of real advantage , beyond the latter end of next month . , in explanation ,