of old . Stores , he did not believe that the previous practice of government had been such as to in-duce any of those individuals to imagine , that they had a claim on that fund 723 to a greater extent than that which remained after the passing of the act . And as to the Excise Officers , of whom his hon . friend said , that the act of last session had deprived them of expectant rights vested in them by two former acts , the fact was , that in some respects the claims were increased by the last act ; for it was provided by it that , after a certain age , not three fourths merely , but the whole of his salary should be allowed to an officer . It was Obvious also that the number , who had the slightest shadow of justice for complaint , must be confined to those who entered as clerks in that department of the public service during the short period , a twelvemonth , between the passing of the first of the acts alluded to by his honourable friend , and the passing of the act founded on the Report of the Finance Committee . Nothing could be mote clear thin that those who had entered the service before that period Were not at all entitled to complain of disappointed expectations . He wished , before the House resolved itself Into the Committee , to tall their attention to a Subject which had already been mention , ed by him once or twice in the course of the session , but on which he had received no satisfactory information . He alluded to the case of a person convicted some time ago of selling guineas—a Mr. De Yonge , This circumstance took place fluting the last session of parliament . The question , however , had not been finally decided upon ; a point being reserved to be argued in the Exchequer Chambers . Early in the present session , he had inquired of the Attorney General whether any further proceedings were likely to take place ? To this the Attorney General had replied , that he was ready to argue the case whenever called upon by the judges to do so : but as he had not been called upon , he wished now to give notice , that if the point was not decided in the to the ensuing term , 724 it was his intention to institute Some proceeding on the subject . He did not wish to dwell on the peculiar hardship of the case ; but he Could not help observing , that this man , who had no friends , halt been selected as the subject of a prosecution for that which almost every banker and principal tradesman had been guilty of for years . He toad been convicted on an old act of parliament made in the reign of Edward 6 . He could have wished to have entered more at large into the subject , and to have argued on the nature of the provisions of that act , to ascertain if they were sufficiently comprehensive to reach such a case . He repeated , it Was his intention to give notice , that if the case was not likely to be argued in the ensuing term , he should make a specific motion on the subject , not merely with a view to the hardship of the case , but in order to propose an alteration of the law , or perhaps a repeal of the act under Whioh Mr. De'Yonge had been convicted . thought those who had heard the noble lord most be led to imagine that some improper delay had taken place . When the question was put to him by the noble lord some time ago , the courts were not sitting . It being subsequent to the last term , he had then replied , that the case remained to be argued , and that he was ready to argue it When called upon . He wished it to be observed , that