answered , No ; that a few days before the 23d of April , his Majesty was competent to transact public business . The hon . gent . might think that , except for these few days before 71 the 23d of April , his Majesty was not competent ; and the implication would , perhaps , have been justifiable enough , it there had been no explanation . He wished , however , to have this evidence of Dr. Hebcrden compared with that which he gave before the House of Commons . He did not desire to cast any reflection on Dr. Heberden ; he had known him long , had been educated with him at the same University , and he believed him to be a fair and honourable man . A man of his high character would no doubt give the same evidence before a Committee of the House of Commons , as he would on oath before the Lords . His evidence before both was therefore to be taken into account , and the testimony in the one case must be admitted as explanatory of that in the other . The idea of a cross examination of the physicians came with a bad grace now from the hon . gent . The House would recollect , that the hon . gent . had been a member of the Committee of that House before which the physicians had been examined , and might have cross-examined Dr. Heberden before that Committee , if he had so chosen . But what was Dr. Heberden 's evidence there ? Being asked , whether he recollected the time when the bulletins ceased in 1804 ? he answered , no ; but in reply to a question , whether they were discontinued in order to shew that his Majesty was competent to perform the duties of his situation ? he said , that they were . Now , the bulletins ceased on the 22d of March , five weeks before the 23d of April . The hon . gent . he hoped , would do him the justice to say that it was not his practice to evade an accusation , nor to argue a point unfairly . The evidence , then , of Dr. Heberden , taken together , was , that his Majesty was fully competent , to the discharge of the royal functions on the 22d of March.—This disposed of the charge so far as it applied to the period between the 22d of March , and the 23d of April . But the hon gent had called upon him to account for the state of his Majesty 's health in the intervening period between the 12th of February and the 22d of March , and this he was fully perpared to do . He hoped he should rescue the government of that day from any design of abusing their situations , so as to take advantage of the circumstances Which then arose . ; and that he should show , that had they acted otherwise than as they had done , they ; would furnish a case at which he ought to hide 72 his head , and blush for the pusillanimity which had so unjustifiably and unnecessarily thrown the kingdom into difficulties . The House could not forget the difficulties of that day ; the parliament was then sitting ; they witnessed the conduct of ministers , and the acts which were then executing . Their non-interference alone was a guide to the councils of the administration . Though they had not the direct authority of parliament for what they had done , yet there was enough in the view of the parliament and the country to enable them to judge of the conduct of the administration , and the ministers might easily collect what was the opinion of parliament ; He did not intend , however , to come down now to parliament with that protection ; for he would confess that he expected something more than a cold acquittal . On the 12th of February , the first bulletin issued . On the 27th the