and modes of action unsuited to free states , by the gradual progress of human affairs , the character of the nation has altered and conformed itself to the change which had taken place in its maxims . So that the taking off of penal restraints , which would naturally seem to increase freedom and happiness , has in fact been found to have destroyed them both . Sir , I am well aware , that these observations which the House has to indulgently permitted me to submit to their consideration , do not all directly apply to the particular bill immediately before us . I am willing , however , to hope that they are not wholly inapplicable , or indeed of very remote application . But , when so many erroneous ideas are entertained respecting the human and the moral codes , when such a disposition manifests itself to misapply even the more valuable theories of speculative men , and when the whole frame and policy of our criminal jurisprudence has been called in question , in the arguments and reasonings which have been brought forward in support of the al- 635 terations proposed , it seemed to be the bounden duty of those who seriously entertained different views , after long and diligent meditation on such subjects , not to let their opinions remain in silence , but to add their feeble voice to the sentiments of those enlightened men , who , in a system of seeming severity , have observed the true elements of justice and mercy . Sir , the Bill immediately under the consideration of the House , seeks to repeal an act passed in the 12th year of queen Anne , which took away the benefit of clergy from persons stealing in dwelling houses , goods of above the value of forty shillings . Let us see what this statute of queen Anne is , on what inducement it was enacted , and what evil it proposed to remedy ? The preamble recites , `` Forasmuch as divers wicked and ill-disposed servants , and other persons are encouraged to commit robberies in houses , by the privilege as the law now is of demanding the benefit of clergy . '' Is this preamble false ? It is a practical assertion of a fact made by practical men , and of a fact established by the experience of several years . The House will recollect , that , at an earlier period of queen Anne 's reign , the law respecting the benefit of clergy had been modified , so that larcenies ceased to be capital felonies . Such an alteration in the law would naturally produce a great change in the minds of men : and the preamble of the 12th of Anne , to which I have referred , stales this alteration to have actually taken place . It states , that persons had been encouraged to commit offences owing to the alteration in the law ; and therefore it revives the old system , as to aggravated larcenies committed in dwelling-houses . There is no theory in all this . It is the reasoning of practical men on matters within their knowledge . How happened it , that the alteration which had taken place in the ancient system , in the beginning of queen Anne 's reign , had not lessened the number of crimes ? Larceny had ceased to be a capital offence . Of course , therefore , prosecutors would not decline prosecuting ; witnesses would not withhold their evidence ; juries would not commit pious perjuries , & c. & c. Certainty had been substituted for severity of punishment.—But I wander—I will return to my statement . Our ancestors state plainly and distinctly , that the received ideas of guilt had been disturbed , and that persons had been encouraged to commit 636 offences , owing to the alteration of the law . Is this statement false ? Even , if we were not much disposed to reverence the assertions of our ancestors , or the principles on which they acted , I repeat , is this