, which it is likely they would call old sterling ; the deficiency to the government must be made good by a nominal increase of taxes , otherwise some of the wheels must stand still . But all men who live upon their own estates or upon established stipends , that is , all men who are not somehow concerned in trade , would have no way of helping themselves , but would be obliged to submit to the whole loss which the law in this case would throw upon them at the same time that taxes , wages and commodities of all sorts were raised , at least in proportion to the debasement of the coins . Rents , interest of money , & c. would be paid short of the original contracts ; that is , they would be paid and legally discharged in the new money . The landlord could not help himself till the leases were expired , and the monied man would be a loser for ever , as he would be defrauded in both his principal and interest . `` * These , Sir , are the sentiments of Mr. Harris of the subject of the standard value of our money—of Mr. Harris who has been brought forward by the right hon . gent . as a witness against the Report of the Bullion Committee , —of Mr. Harris `` a most sensible man , and au author of indisputable authority ! ! ! '' The right hon . gent. , the Treasurer of the Navy , while I was reading these passages , has thought proper to cheer them very loudly ; what am I to understand his meaning to be ? Am I to conclude that he who has disputed these doctrines when so ably stated by those who have preceded roe by a counter tone of cheering , and also in his speech , wishes now to pass himself upon the Committee as approving of them Does he mean to deny that he ever entertatacd the opinion I now attribute to him , or to acknowledge that these quotations have convinced him that those opinions are erroneous ? I wish also to know what the right hon . gent . on the other bench. ( Mr . Vansittart ) can mean by joining in the cheers of the right hon . gent . ; surely he can not imagine that he will thus be able to induce the House to believe , that he does not set up his authority against that of Mr. Harris . He who has ; denied repeatedly in the course of his * Part 2 , p. 43 . 1035 speech , that legal money had any connection in value with bullion ; he who has proposed resolutions contradictory to the resolutions of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Horner ) which resolutions contain Mr. Harris 's doctrine of the standard of money , and to which the right hon . gent . intends , when the Committee divides , to give a negative . If then , Sir , it be true , according to the opinion of this writer of so great authority , that the pound sterling is a certain quantity of bullion appointed by law as a standard , the solution of the question at issue , whether or not Bank paper be depreciated , is really so plain and palpable as to require no further illustration than the bare statement of the fact , that the Bank-note of one pound will not purchase this certain quantity of bullion ; for the proposition is simply this , The value of a pound sterling in coin consists in its containing a certain quantity of bullion . The value of a pound sterling in paper consists in its being convertible into pound sterling in coin . Therefore the value of a pound sterling in paper consists in its being able to purchase a certain quantity of Bullion . I observe an hon . baronet ( sir Thomas Turton ) denies the accuracy of this reasoning . I will , therefore , endeavour to