of the 282 Catholics . And here , Sir , I can not help observing , that the right hon . and learned gent . who brought forward this motion , has this night abstained from the language which I understand was used upon a former occasion : he has not described the Convention Act as an obsolete law ; he has not represented the Irish government as being desirous of entrapping the people , by putting in force the provisions of an unknown act of parliament . This was the kind of language which I understand was used in a former discussion upon this subject by the right hon . and learned gent . and by some who do not appear tonight to be very desirous to come forward upon the present question . Recurring , however , to the proceedings of the Catholic meeting in 1809 , I wish to state to the House , that it passed some resolutions , which , though couched in strong , and even vehement language , the government did not wish to take notice of , because they were such as might have been expected from honest , loyal , and ardent Catholics , anxious to convey to the foot of the throne , and to parliament , a declaration of what they believed to be their rights ; and to state what they considered as grievances . They closed their resolutions , however , in a manner which shewed that they had a thorough knowledge of this obsolete Convention Act , and that they were determined not to transgress it ; for they declared , that the persons who were instructed to prepare the petition could not be considered as representatives of the Catholic body , and they made it imperative on them to finish their labours within the first fortnight after the meeting of parliament . The Catholic Committee appointed in 1809 , was composed of the 36 representatives of the different parishes of Dublin , who , on a previous occasion , had formed a similar committee ; the remnants of the committees that prepared the petitions of 1805 and 1807 ; and , finally , of the surviving delegates of the Catholic Convention of 1793 , and the noble lords who compose the Catholic peerage . With regard to the first class of persons that I have mentioned , viz . the 36 representatives of the parishes in Dublin , I believe that some of the gentlemen opposite to me had some communication with them when they were in office , because they were the persons who addressed the duke of Bedford . I believe , also , that in those communications the hon . and learned 283 gent , opposite to me , and his right hon . friend , who at that time was chief secretary to the lord lieutenant , give them some wholesome advice with regard to the Convention Act . I do not undertake to state this as a positive fact , but I know that such is the rumour in Dublin . The lord lieutenant and the government of Ireland knew perfectly well the nature of the construction of this committee ; they knew what passed at their meetings ; they knew that their debates were ardent , vehement , and sometimes violent ; but it was obvious to every man , of a fair and honest mind , who looked at their proceedings with calmness and candour , that , though their language was stronger than propriety could justify , yet that their real , and indeed their sole object , was to frame their petition for parliament . The Irish government , therefore , acting upon the principle which I have already alluded to , did net interfere , or take any notice of their proceedings . This Committee met in July ; its meetings were adjourned to October , and then to November ( during which month , I believe , it . met two or three times ) , when , having framed their petition , they dissolved themselves . The lord lieutenant might undoubtedly , if