the crown ? Yet the fact was , that the officer was appointed for life ; that he had as firm a title to his place as the Judges had to their exalted offices ; and , as he had before observed , that he was no more under the influence of the crown than the Judges were . He owed it to the individual now in possession of that place to declare , that a more honourable man did not exist ; and he was persuaded , that no one would feel more sensibly , the imputation that he could be capable of dealing partially between the crown and the person accused . Nor was the noble lord more correct in saying , that the Special Jurors were selected by this officer . They were taken from the freeholder 's book . It was the duty of the constable of each parish , to return the names of the freeholders in that parish ; and these several lists were collected in one book . The line of conduct pursued by the officer in question was , to let no one know where he opened the book and began to take names , lest that knowledge should lead to such contrivances as he was sure from what the noble lord had said , he wished should be avoided . Opening the book , therefore , in different parts , and without communicating any information to either of the parties , he took 48 names ; which names were given to the parties , who attended on a future day , and had each alternately the privilege of striking out a name , until the number was reduced to 24—This list of 24 names was returned to the court , and from it 12 individuals were drawn to try the cause . A more impartial course of proceedings , from first to last , could not be conceived ; and he trusted , therefore , that the House would not consider the loose and unfounded assertions of the noble lord , as a sufficient ground for acceding to his motion . 574 With respect to the law and the administration of the law in matters of libel , the noble lord had gone into a long and elaborate statement of a great number of cases which had occurred in courts of justice , and had endeavoured to persuade the House that different judgments had been pronounced by different judges , and even by the same judge in different cases in matters of libel . Into the discussion of this subject it was quite impossible to enter , without a more extensive knowledge , and a more deliberate consideration of the various cases . It was enough for him to say , that this part of the general subject was not before the House , nor did it arise in any way from the alledged undue exercise of his power as attorney-general ; This , however , he would declare , that , making every allowance which ought to be made for human infirmity , he was satified that the same steady principle of justice had actuated all the learned judges to whose conduct the noble lord had alluded . Speaking of judgments for libels , which he termed severe beyond measure , the noble lord referred by way of contrast , to the conduct and opinions of lord chief justice Holt . He was satisfied , however , that if the noble lord would look back to the judgment of the court of King 's Bench on the offenders of that time , he would find the learned and upright judge whom he had mentioned , expressing his opinion , that the licentiousness of the libellers of his day called for the utmost severity of punishment ; and that in fact , his judgments were , to say the least of them , not more lenient than those which the noble lord had so pointedly condemned . He would particularise some of the judgments to which he alluded , were he not anxious not to intrude unnecessarily on the time of