ruin commerce , and reduce our exports and imports materially . It would hermetically seal the continent against us , which was now only , opened by the speculations which the discounts of the Bank enabled merchants to carry into effect , though at their own risk , yet greatly to the benefit of the country . It was thus that the Bank had upheld the country when it wanted help , and to open it now would only be to forward the views of Buonaparté , and enforce his Milan and Berlin decrees . As for legislating for two years lo come , he protested against it , as making ordinances for a period , the state of which no one could foresee . This was a matter of vital consequence , and he could not give a silent vote upon it . He was against all the propositions made , ex- 1053 cept such truisms as were undeniable , Chough of no value but as leading to the result , and would give his direct negative to the last . In this way he thought they ought to have been firmly met by the House , to set the question at rest , rather than by proposing other Resolutions . began by vindicating the late governor of the Bank from the insinuations thrown out against him by the hon . and learned gentleman who opened the debate . He said , that with respect to any observations which he might offer in the course of his speech , he wished to be clearly understood as merely stating his own individual opinion , and not as one authorised or commissioned by the Bank-to speak their sentiments . A charge had been made against the Bank , that they had been guilty of a wanton issue of bank notes in the course of the last summer , to the amount of three millions ; it was , however , not a little remarkable that this very issue which had been so censured , had been recommended by the Report of the Bullion Committee . In the two first weeks of July , 1809 , the issue of bank post bills amounted to 7,390l . ; in the corresponding weeks for July , 1810 , at the time of the failures at Salisbury and Exeter , the issue of bank post bills amounted to 14,300l . so that there was but an excess of 7,000l . over the issue at the same period in the former year . And notwithstanding the great and material difference in the circumstances of those two periods , there had been , in addition to this , an issue of small notes between the preceding June and the October following to the amount of a million and half . An hon . friend of his ( Mr. Huskisson ) had in the course of his speech last night , contended that bank notes could represent nothing but so much in gold bullion . He was not aware of any royal proclamation , or of any act of parliament , which made Banknotes the representation of so much in bullion ; but to shew that this was not altogether a new case , or one that could be traced to causes which never existed till now , he begged leave to refer them to the authority of their own Journals , where , so far back as the year 1620 , they would find that the scarcity of gold and silver currency was then attributed to seven different causes , many of which existed at present . Sir Edward Coke was reported , in the first volume of the Journals , p ; 527 , to have traced the scarcity of money at that time to the following causes : `` 1 . The goldsmiths melting the 1054 King 's Coin into plate ; 2. gilding ; 3 . Great loss by exchange ; 4 . The East India Company ; 5 . The Goods imported more than exported ; 6 . French wines , which were brought in in great quantities ; and 7 . The