was from a conviction , that by withholding from officers who had deserved well of the State , so proud a testimony of praise and gratitude , they were depriving them of the purest incentive to ambition , the most honourable meed of merit , the applause of their country ! It is , said the noble lord , with pleasure that I turn to the contemplation of lord Wellington 's claims upon the gratitude of this House : and to discover the validity of those claims , we need , I think , only look to the state of the . Peninsula , at the opening of the Portuguese campaign of 1810 , and compare it with its state at this moment , at what I trust we may date the conclusion of that campaign . Let us look to that campaign itself , lord Wellington 's claims are to be traced through every movement of the allied army ; let us look to the present moment , his eulogy is pronounced in its event . In the beginning of last year , we find lord Wellington holding the frontier line of Portugal , with his advance upon the Agueda , with a British army from many circumstances weakened in numbers and in health , and with a considerable part of his operations depending on the exertions of a Portuguese force , of which he then knew nothing , but their want of discipline , of which 775 he complains in his dispatches of that date . Opposed with such a force , to an enemy high in spirits and superior in numbers , do we find him left to those resources which an ardent mind , an unconquerable firmness , and a versatility of genius peculiar to himself could alone supply . He was left , too , entrusted with the defence of an extensive country , whose fidelity towards us was then very doubtful , and to whose fate the enemy had in a most unqualified manner pledged himself . And how have the objects and hopes of the enemy been realized ? For from their lips lord Wellington 's praises are best told . It is not , added the noble lord , my intention , by any attempt at a review of the late campaign , to weaken what has been so ably stated and commented upon on the other side of the House . Passing over , therefore , the whole of his retreat through a difficult country , and before a superior force , I turn with pleasure to a characteristic part of lord Wellington 's policy as exemplified in the whole of his conduct subsequent to the sitting down of the French before his lines protecting Lisbon . I mean that system which enabled him to abstain from offensive operations , from the period of the appearance of the French before the lines , to the moment of their breaking up from Santarem . A system also peculiarly difficult and trying to the actively enthusiastic mind we know that gallant officer to possess . And what is the effect of that policy ? The French army , broken in spirit and in resources , wasted by its own exertions , and unable to maintain the con-test itself had begun ; abandoning its , high blown hopes of the possession and plunder of Lisbon , its boastful pledge , that , the English should be driven , at the point of the bayonet , into the waves of the Tagus . But it is not to lord Wellington , as the asserter of the character so often before asserted , of the British soldier , it is not to lord Wellington as the man who has saved Portugal and has put to flight her invaders , alone that our thanks are due on other , and perhaps , higher grounds , he is entitled to the gratitude of this House , of his country , and of Europe . Taught to look to the co-operation of a large national Portuguese force , as the only means by which the extensive scale of warfare