to discharge their duty in the manner in which they had performed it : they were bound to point out what they conceived to be the causes of the high price of bullion and of the low rate of ex change . But whatever may be thought of the labours of the Committee , it was not to their opinions to which the Committee had to look ; they had only to look to the present state of our circulation . All of them knew how likely that circulation was to be affected by the conduct of 1161 the Directors of the Bank ; all of them knew the conduct of those Directors ; the Committee stated what that conduct ought to have been ; and it was now the duty of the House seriously to determine , whether the opinion of the Bank or of their own Committee should receive their sanction and approbation . When the Bank Directors had told , clearly and explicitly , what their principles were , and when these principles had been adopted by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Vansittart ) , the Directors might say , and with great justice , that in rejecting the recommendation of the Committee , the House had bestowed on those opinions a tacit approbation . For the Directors he entertained the highest respect ; and he sincerely believed that they had discharged their duty with every respect for the public interest ; but their eyes were not opened to the magnitude of the duties they were called on to discharge , and to the effect of the measures they were pursuing . The Directors of the Bank had made no secret of the principles upon which they had acted . They had told the Committee , and had argued in the course of the present discussion , that there would be no excess of paper issues , so long as the discounts were confined to persons of established responsibility , upon bonâ fide mercantile transactions , and for periods not exceeding two months . They had gone further ; they had declared to the Committee , to Parliament , and to the public , that , according to their views and principles , they could not conceive , that any difference in the rate of interest , whether it was five , four , or three per cent . on their discounts , could make any alteration as to the security against an over issue . It was time for Parliament to interfere , when the Directors of the Bank avowed that , if the interest were to be reduced to three per cent . there was no danger of excess whilst their issues were regulated upon the principles they had laid down for their conduct in their discounts . When those gentlemen had shewn themselves to be so little aware of the danger to be apprehended from their conduct , it was the duty of that House to take measures to check the indefinite extension of the circulating medium . The hon . gentleman then proceeded to illustrate what his own opinions on this subject were , which he professed to have been derived from a publication of an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Thornton ) . He said the Bank Directors , without the restric- 1162 tions , would infallibly take the best course without being aware of it , like the honest citizen in Moliere , who had been speaking prose all his life without knowing it . If they were freed from the principle of providing for their own security , they may issue any quantity of paper , and the gold would leave the country . The country banks , which had been so roughly treated by those who opposed the Committee , hinged entirely on the Bank of England . Perhaps the Committee had not allowed enough for the unprecedented difficulties in the present situation of the country ; and these difficulties had much increased since their Report had been framed . Why did the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) insist so