me if I employ a few moments in giving a rapid sketch , yet faithful portrait , of this meritorious officer . He , like his great example , General Wolfe , had exercised his professional talents in the discipline of the troops which had been submitted to his command , and rendered them , by his attention , extremely skilful in every military movement : he , too , like his illustrious prototype , after a series of mental as well as bodily fatigues , expired in the arms of victory . Posterity , however , in regretting the premature conclusion of such valuable lives , can not fail 197 to appreciate the marked difference which resulted from their deaths . They both fought and conquered ! Wolfe executed the plan of the earl of Chatham , and a victory gave England possession of Quebec and Canada . Moore was employed by these ministers , and , although he evinced genius , intrepidity , and constancy , which he sealed with his blood , his army embarked with a heavy loss and great difficulty , and the French forces have ever since been banished from the northern provinces of Spain . The other instance of attack , on our part , was , as far as the papers laid upon our table justify us informing a judgment , principally planned , and personally conducted , by lord Wellington . His design seems to have been to form a junction with our allies , the Spaniards ; and by the joint efforts of this force , to expel the French from Madrid , and afterwards drive them beyond the river Ebro.—The British forces employed upon this occasion were about 30,000 , and well selected for any enterprise . The Spaniards , under ( General Cuesta , and other leaders , were much more numerous , but not equal , either in officers or discipline , to the British . The battle of Talavera received the thanks of the imperial parliament , expressed by the respective organs of both Houses , to the commander , the officers , and soldiers of the English army : his Majesty also marked the event , by conferring the distinction of a viscount upon sir Arthur Wellesley.—The history of the sequel to the battle of Talavera , discovers that lord Wellington left the principal part of his sick and wounded to the enemy , and , consigning his hospital to their humanity , by a rapid march to his rear , evaded the designs and power of Marshals Soult and Mortier . In crossing to the south bank of the Tagus , our allies sustained a heavy loss of men from one of the French corps , and lord Wellington sought security from the enemy , and cantonments for the British , on the unwholesome marshes of Estremadura . In this manner the second enterprise concluded , which was directed against the French , in the interior of the Spanish territories . The united army , not being able to penetrate to Madrid , theallies separated in disgust , and the British commander-in-chief returned to the neighbourhood of Lisbon.—Before I enter into a recital of the operations and the events of the campaign commenced in 1SI0 , it will be highly correct to make two observations : I do not conceive the plan ( by the word 198 plan , I mean the military outline of the defence of Portugal ) to have originated with lord Liverpool , who succeeded lord Castlereagh in the war department of this country . Although the noble lord did express a desire of marching to Paris in his earlier days , I do not think time has added to his chivalry , so much as to induce him to attack Madrid , in the years of his maturity . I therefore consider the suggestions with regard to offensive or defensive operations on the peninsula , to have proceeded principally from the judgment of lord Wellington.—My second observation I confine to lord Wellington entirely : I beg leave to premise that the mention of that noble lord , which I