was the penalty of transgression.—The trials which had lately taken place at Madras , had certainly created a considerable 463 ferment . That ferment had been imputed to the unwise and authoritative interference of the government with the courts of justice—And certainly the refusal of the government to allow those trials to be printed had , in fact , augmented that ferment , and seemed almost to warrant that imputation . If all the proceedings had been regular and fair and correct , what harm could a printed account of the trials do ? If , indeed , the proceedings had not been regular nor correct , it was then natural enough for power to interpose , and forbid their publication . In either case , however , his motion ought to be granted , in the one case to justify the government , in the other to reform its practice . But upon the general reason of the case , he felt himself still more strongly justified in calling for this document . He was aware that it might be urged against him , that , though there might be no positive law , a long practice was sufficient to establish an usage , and that such usage must have the efficacy of law . But he would not admit that any usage , unsupported bylaw , could justify such regulations respecting the press as now existed in India , and as had never been sanctioned by that House . He wanted to know , not only what the law was , but upon what authority it had been established . The government of India seemed to think itself , on some occasions , entitled to legislate for India , as in the present instance ; and on other occasions , actually to supersede and set at nought the declarations and resolutions of this House . They were all aware that it was contrary to law to make conquests to extend the territories of the India Company , and they equally well knew how that law had been obeyed . If that House should not interpose its authority , to restrain the violations of law in India , it was impossible that that important branch of the empire could be well governed or long retained . Another instance of the usurpation of the power and jurisdiction of that House , by the government of India , he must mention , because it was more immediately connected with the subject of his motion this night.—When the Province of Oude was seized ( so unjustly and tyrannically as he thought ) in the name of the Company , a proclamation had been issued , falsely stating that the seizure had received the approbation and sanction of the king and the parliament . Thus had the press been used to usurp the authority of that House , and to belie the legislature 464 at home ; and are we now to see it restrained from detailing the proceedings in our own courts of justice , and not be permitted to know either the rules or authority by which it is governed ? He should , in he next place , beg have to inform the House as to what he understood to be the substance of the regulations respecting the press in India—if not the whole , at least a considerable part of these regulations . By these regulations , no newspaper could be published in India which did not previously receive the sanction of the secretary of the government . Whether this regulation was right or not , he did not mean then to contend : he only wanted to know by what authority the regulation had been established . The penalty for transgressing this regulation was immediate embarkation for Europe . The noble lord here quoted the authority of a learned judge ( Sullivan ) in India , to show that no power could exist in the government arbitrarily to restrain the liberty of the Press in India—that liberty of the press which was the right of every Englishman—which was the surest guard for his freedom , and the best