to the Regent . If all of these acts were known , why was not the pleasure of the Regent taken upon them ? Did the government believe his Royal Highness would not sanction them ? Or was it meant to throw , a stigma upon his government , or rather upon his character ? If the latter , never was a more unsuccessful attempt , for never did his name stand so high , in love , favour , and affection , in Ireland , as it did since the steps which had followed the issuing of the letter in question , by which the right hon . gent , would have shewn his tender mercy , by imprisoning one half of the population of Ireland . The conduct of the Catholics , however , had united all the Protestants in one , teaching them to regard the acceding to the Catholic claims as the only security for the safety of the country . stated , that in his opinion 317 Catholic emancipation would not produce all those beneficial effects which were anticipated ; and that a solid improvement of the interests of Ireland must be sought for in a series of wise and conciliatory measures . Although not satisfied entirely with the letter of the Irish government , yet he thought the explanation which had been given rendered further information unnecessary . said , Sir ; In rising to claim the indulgence of the House in making my reply , I can not help taking notice , in the first place , of the observations of the hon . baronet who has just sat down . I am sure that he has only stated his real sentiments on the subject , and that those sentiments are always entitled to consideration and respect . But when he states that in his opinion the measure of Catholic emancipation would not yield satisfaction to the people of Ireland , it ought not to be forgotten that this was the mere opinion of an individual in opposition to the plain declarations , the known sentiments , and the expressed wishes , of the sufferers themselves . Surely the hon . baronet will not be disposed to assume that he is better informed of the feelings and temper of the Irish Catholics than the Catholics themselves , who have so long and so vainly supplicated for this boon of emancipation . He can scarcely affect to know what will conciliate the complainants better than themselves . The hon . baronet remarked likewise that emancipation would be useless , unless accompanied by other measures . Upon what principle of justice , I will ask him , or by what rule of reasoning , can he determine to refuse the Catholics one concession , only because he can not at the same time yield them others ? Why would he , because he can not bestow on them what they do not ask , withhold that fur which they have so frequently petitioned ? An hon . member delivered a panegyric upon the indulgence and lenity which had uniformly characterised the duke of Richmond 's government . Sir , I shall be the last man in any place , or on any occasion , whatever may be my political enmities , to impute to any man misconduct , where there is not evidence of his culpability . In the panegyric , therefore , on his grace the lord lieutenant , I am folly inclined to concur , as far as it may be understood to imply that good humour and benevolent intention by which I believe him to have been actuated . But this is not the question now before 318 the House , and has no connection with the distinct consideration of the merits and demerits of a proceeding so contrary to the general character of the Irish government , and so opposite to the qualities that formed the ground of the panegyrics which we have heard . The right hon . Secretary has accused the Catholic Committee of departing from their former views , and of adopting principles different from those which they