law would be in itself no unwise measure . That belief might be supported by the opinion of many able writers and experienced statesmen , and by the example of many of those Stales in which commerce has been most flourishing , and credit and coin most abundant . I admit hat the immediate , the momentary effect of this repeal , ( if unaccompanied by any other measure ) , might be to increase the exportation of our gold , by removing the scruples of such persons as may now perhaps be wavering between temptation on the one hand , and obedience to the law on the other . Even so , however , it wolld have the benefit of saving all that perjury and fraud , which shock , so justly , the moral feelings of the House ; and of extending to the honest trader a convemence which is now exclusively reserved for the dishonest one . But in the long 1100 run , I certainly do not believe that the repeal of this law would swell by a single guinea the amount of the export of out gold . It is true that the repeal of this law alone would not have a necessary tendency to bring gold again into circulation in this country , either by recalling what has been exported , or by enticing what is now hoarded , out of its hiding places . That would be the effect of the other alteration to which I have already alluded—of suspending the law and the proclamation which limit the current rate of the guinea , and permitting it to pass according to its intrinsic value . I have indeed stated this proposition hitherto only as applicable to the light guinea ; of which the purchase , at its intrinsic value , is certainly no infringement either of the letter or the spirit of any existing proclamation or statute . I do not know whether I might , without presumption , say , that the law is by no means clear on this point , even with respect to guineas of full legal weight . Guineas of legal weight , however , I left out of my proposition in the former part of my argument , expressly , as I said , in the hope of conciliating the right hon . gent. , by leaving-untouched , in respect to guineas of full weight , his proposition , of the equivalency of Bank paper and legal coin . But if the right hon . gent . should be disposed to concur with me at all , I trust , upon reflexion , he would not be prevented from doing so by the contemplation of this trifling advantage to his argument.—If he will con- , sent to let guineas go for what they are worth in the market , he will have a gold currency ; —he will prevent the exportation of our coin ; he will get rid of fraud ' and perjury : and all this benefit he will purchase at no greater expence , than that of being one argument out of pocket . It will then , to be sure , be vain for him to contend , against the daily evidence of men 's senses , that Bank paper and guineas are , at their present respective denominations , equivalent to each other : but at least we shall have them both , and they may circulate amicably together . That by no other possible means the coin of the country can be retained in circulation , so long as the precious metal of which it is composed is intrinsically of a value so much higher than the rate at which it is estimated in our currency—is a proposition of which all experience , as well as all reason , establishes the truth . 1101 The present state of the law in the present state of our currency operates , in fact , as a bounty upon the exportation of our coin . Of the two causes of the export of gold , which are admitted by the right hon . gent