commander of the forces . The investigation did take place , and the result was , that the whole of the sentence was remitted . The man was brought back again , and was freely discharged from the army . Dr . Troy 's application was made , as I have already said , in August , and in December the business was taken up in the Committee : the matter was discussed with great warmth and acrimony of language , but at length they admitted that justice had been done to the soldier . A motion , however , was made by one of the members of the Committee in the court of King 's Bench upon this subject , but it was instantly rejected . The debates of the Committee , however , boldly asserted , that it was through their exertions , and by their means , that the wrongs of this soldier had been redressed , that is to say , that their exertions in December had produced a remission of his sentence , which sentence had been completely remitted , by the orders of government , in consequence of proceedings instituted by them in the preceding August ! They told the Roman Catholics of Ireland , in the most violent language ( language indeed of such a nature , that I almost doubt whether government was 287 justifiable in having refrained from prosecuting the printer by whom it was published ) , that in consequence of the exertions of the Committee , all the Catholic soldiers in Ireland had had justice done to them ; that they might now worship their maker according to their own ritual : thus inferring , that all tenderness , kindness , and justice , did not proceed from the government , but emanated from the Catholic '' Committee ; and holding themselves up as the proper and exclusive objects of the affection of the people ! Even this , however , did not rouse the indignation of the lord lieutenant , who felt , as he had felt on a former occasion , that forbearance was preferable to an appearance of rigour . On the 29th of November the petition was received from the Sub-committee , was read in the Catholic Committee , and acknowledged as the petition of the Catholics of Ireland ; at the same Committee they voted thanks to my right hon . friend opposite to me ( Mr. Grattan ) , in the name and by the authority of the Catholics of Ireland . The petition having been agreed to , it was to be presumed , that if the Committee were constituted solely for the purpose of preparing a petition , that their labours were in tact at an end , except indeed as to the consideration of the question of the mode of presenting the petition , and the nominating the persons to be employed for that purpose . At this time , however , it is necessary that I should observe , that many of the most respectable of the Catholics of Ireland had become very much dissatisfied with the proceedings of the Committee , and with the violent , inflammatory , and intemperate language which had been used in their debates . Lord Ffrench , and others that I could name , certainly did disapprove of their proceeding ; and here , Sir , I think it necessary to state to the House in the strongest manner , that it never once entered into the contemplation of the government of Ireland to take any steps against the Catholics generally , or to throw any reflection upon them as a body . Nothing could be further from their intention ; the object of the government was only to act against what they knew to be an illegal body , and to put a stop to proceedings , which , if not checked in time , might lead to the most serious consequences , even to rebellion . [ Here some gentlemen on the opposite side of the House laughed . ] Gentlemen may laugh if they please ; it 288 may appear