the Estimates , of last year . He should , only say , in general , that they were 500,000l . more than those of last year This arose particularly from the article of Prize Money , amounting to 170,000l . ; Foreign Service 200,000l . ; and an addition , of 13,000 men , amounting to 40,000l . There was only one new article in the Extraordinaries which it would be neces- 671 sary for him to mention , being for Magazines 50,000l . There were at present various floating magazines employed in the keeping of powder , but they were found neither to be so safe nor so useful as magazines on shore . The floating magazines besides being dangerous , were apt to render the powder damp after it had been for any considerable time on board . In providing sufficient magazines for this purpose on shore , an additional expence must in the mean time be incurred , but , in the long run , if , to be permanently followed , it would produce a saving . He had seen a calculation of the expence of one of the floating magazines , amounting to 9,000l . and which contained 3,500 barrels . A permanent magazine on shore which would contain 10,000 barrels , it was calculated would cost 15,000l . The expence of floating magazines capable of containing the same quantity of powder , would amount to 28,000l . so that it must be obvious , that , besides the disadvantages attending magazines afloat , those on shore would be infinitely less expensive . He should not detail any of the other articles in these estimates , but should be happy to give any explanation relative to any of them , which gentlemen might please to desire . He concluded by moving , '' That the sum of 3,412,211l . 11s . 10d . be granted to his Majesty , to defray the expence of ordnance for his Majesty 's land forces for the present year . '' said , that he was anxious to take that opportunity of saying a very few words upon a subject , yielding to no other in public interest , and which the nature of the Resolution now before them brought fairly within their consideration . He alluded to the late brilliant action fought upon the heights of Barrosa . In the debate upon the proposition of thanks to general Graham , he was unwilling to divert , for a moment , the tide of eulogium that was flowing in , from all quarters , upon the distinguished merits of that day , by introducing any other subject than that of the British general and his British army ; but now that they might be supposed to have looked at the other circumstances of that memorable day , he hoped he might be allowed to ask for some explanation of—or if that could not be given , to express his deep regret at the unfortunate and deplorable misconduct of our allies in the battle of Barrosa . Of that conduct it would be idle to affect to speak in doubtful terms : it unfortu- 672 nately wore but too decisive a character , and was known , talked of and reprobated with equal indignation by all parties throughout the country . General Graham had not , to be sure , spoken of that misconduct in the terms which it appeared to have deserved ; but when the delicacy of the situation in which he stood , and of the duty he had to discharge were considered , his forbearance would be attributed to that wise discretion in which such minds were seldom found to be deficient . But though general Graham had , for obvious reasons , forborne to complain , yet the conclusions to be drawn from his silence must speak in a language too emphatic to be for a moment misunderstood : They were not to be told how general Graham and his army fought : neither need they be reminded in whose cause that army had prevailed over a much superior force . But , was