silver ; '' yet no instance of such a practice has been produced . A few instances of this sort of dealing , would indeed be of no great importance . A small premium has long been given by bankers and others to collect silver coin , for their small payments , even in the present degraded state of silver money ; yet it was never considered as a proof of the depreciation of guineas ; and similar motives of convenience might lead persons to collect cash for a particular purpose , without any idea of its being generally of superior value to Bank-notes . But if no such practice has in fact been introduced , it is impossible to have a stronger practical proof that Bank-notes are not in a stale of depreciation . On this subject we find a curious inconsistency in the reasonings of those who maintain the depreciation of our currency . We are told at one time , that Bank-notes have really lost their value in the public opinion , and that if they still pass current at their nominal value ( which no one has been bold enough to deny , though it is a fact destructive of their arguments , ) it is only owing to the force of law , and the fear of prosecutions . Yet we are told by the same persons , that it is utterly impossible to support , by the force of law , a paper currency which has lost its value in the public opinion , and that any attempt to enforce its currency , would be more likely to hasten than to retard its depreciation . In this latter opinion I am much inclined to coincide . Such at least has been the result of experience in those countries , the paper currencies of which have by the Bullion Committee been so strangely compared with that of the Bank of England . These are the American paper money , the French assignats , and the Austrian government paper . Abundance of other instances , just equally applicable , might be adduced , for they want almost every circumstance of similarity . The profusion with which , in those cases , the currency was multiplied , would alone take away any ground of fair comparison . The American paper began with an issue of 3,000,000 dollars in July 1775 ; in one year they were increased to 20,000,000 ; yet they still circulated without any considerable depreciation . In December 934 1777 , they were multiplied to 70,000,000 ; and were then fallen to half their nominal value . Yet the issue still went on , and in October 1779 there were 200,000,000 ; passing at ninety percent loss and in the next year the issue ceased , as they were no longer accepted at any value whatever . The progress of the assignats was similar . In April 1790 , the first issue took place to the amount of 400 millions of French money . In September 1791 , they had been multiplied to near 1,500 millions ; and in fifteen months more to 2,300 millions ; and the issue continued with increasing rapidity , till they were totally discredited . Of the amount of the Austrian paper money I can not speak with any precision ; but from some late proceedings of the government it may be inferred to be not inferior to any of the sums I have mentioned . Now if the notes of the Bank of England had been multiplied in the same manner , I can not doubt they would have shared the same fate ; but when I see that they have in fourteen years increased only about twelve millions ( of which only three millions and a half are in notes exceeding 2l . value , ) and can distinctly trace the causes of every step of that increase , I can not forbear asking the gentlemen of the Committee , whether it was just , or wise , or beneficial , to make such an invidious comparison ? The amount , though a striking , is ,