of so strong a determination to the contrary . The gallant captain had so far forgotten his original determination , that he did not hesitate to complain of the cold blooded feeling and calculation of the Treasury , though nothing could be more unjustly imputed to them in anything relating to the interests of the navy . As to the hon . gent , who sat next the gallant officer ( Mr. Whitbread ) after having first transferred his motion to his learned friend ( Mr. Adam ) , he determined that incase of a certain answer to his question he would vote against his own motion ; and afterwards went so far as to promise not only for himself but for his learned friend . As the previous question appeared to him the handsomest way of meeting the subject , he would engage that if the hon . gent , would vote against his own motion he would vote for it . After some further conversation between sir John Newport , Mr. Adam , the Speaker , and captain Bennet , the previous question was carried . stated his objections to the measure . He estimated the whole amount of grain used in Distilleries at 800,000 quarters in the year , which could not amount to less than a million and a half of money . To interfere with this was a serious matter ; and would be at-tended by the most pernicious consequences to society at large . quoted the opinions of the corn distillers themselves , who represented the measure as a death blow to their trade , if carried into execution . Within the last forty years there were only three prohibitions , a circumstance which formed a kind of prescription in , favour of corn distilleries . He went into a minute calculation to prove , that by encouraging the practice of distillation from sugar , one million of money would be taken from the national stock without any kind of benefit ; but confining the operation of the measure to England alone , the Joss would amount to 3,00,000l . If it were right to tax this country for the West Indies , this was not the way to tax it : and the whole of the evil of which those colonies complained , required a different policy . He did not wish that the agriculturists of the West Indies should be injured ; but he was unwilling that they should be encouraged to produce any article to an extent for which there was no demand , and then to call upon those of England to submit to taxation on account of it . observed , that on the average of the last eleven years , a sum of four millions yearly had been paid to the enemy for corn . Last year the sum was seven millions ; one year it was ten millions ; but on the whole it was forty millions and upwards . All that the West India proprietors asked was , to be let into one fifth of this sum , and the remaining four fifths would , he contended , be sufficient to encourage agriculture . There was no measure likely to be more effectual than this against the enemy ; who never impeded the export of grain , nor had any objection to receive our coin and bullion , but vigorously excluded all colonial produce . considered the corn laws and the distillery laws as parts of one system of laws . Ever since the Revolution , they had been considered in that light . In various periods of scarcity , viz . 1699 , 1757 , 1705 , and 1800 , the export of corn was prohibited , as well as the distillation from spirit . He did not wish this country to fee dependent on the enemy ; and was of opinion , that instead of interfering with the interests of agriculture , as they would by such a measure as this , they ought to encourage the cultivation of corn . said that the mere principle was to put commodities upon a fair footing