. This decrease arose chiefly from the transfer in Ireland of the whole charge of forage to the commissariat department , and also ( as he had on a former occasion stated ) from the arrangement by which the charge of bread has also been transferred to that department . The next class of the regular land forces was the infantry of the line . In this there was an increase in number of 627 , and in charge of 28,745l . This increase was attributable to the transfer from the foreign corps of the 97th regiment , formerly composed principally of foreigners , but lately recruited so entirely from the militia in this country as to have become a complete British regiment , and of the new Brunswick fencibles raised originally in America and in the West Indies , a provincial corps , but which had recently offered itself for general service . The next class was the unnumbered corps . It would be found to have decreased , in men , 352 , in charge 8,600l . By the vote of last year it was resolved to reduce the waggon train , which had consisted of twelve troops , to seven . Three troops were immediately reduced , but the two others which were to be reduced , being in service with lord Wellington , two of the home troops were sent out to replace them , in order that they might return for the purpose of reduction . Lord Wellington , however , represented in such strong terms the advantage which he derived from the services of this corps , that the whole four troops were permitted to remain . There were consequently six troops of the waggon train with lord Wellington 's army , one at Cadiz , and two at home . The estimate , therefore , for the waggon train had not decreased so much as was anticipated ; but the great decrease of charge on this general head of unnumbered corps , arose from the transfer of the North Brunswick fencibles to the line , and from the total reduction of the Manx fencibles . In the miscellaneous charges , which 190 stood next in order in the estimates , there was a decrease in the charge of 185,000l . which diminution arose from the difference , amounting to , 535,000l . between effective and non-effective pay ; of which difference 350,000l . might be applied to defray the pay , clothing , & c. of men expected to be raised in the present year ; the remainder constituted the decrease in this estimate , which he had already stated . He now proceeded to the estimate of the troops serving in the East Indies , the increase of which was 280,000l . For this no aid would be required , and the estimate was placed among the rest only to allow the committee to perceive at one view the whole military charges of the country , if that were to be defrayed by the public . The item next in succession in the estimates was that for the regular embodied militia , and in this he had to observe that there was a decrease of 2,000 in the number of men , and an increase of 20,000 in the amount of charge . When the estimates of last year were made up , the regiments of militia were incomplete , in consequence of the great reduction by the volunteering into the line . Three hundred thousand pounds had been deducted from the estimate last year on that account . Since that period the ballot had nearly filled the deficiencies up , and therefore in the present estimate only 155,000l . had been deducted on account of the pay and clothing of non effectives . In the estimate of staff of garrisons , there was an increased charge of 600,000l . This arose from an increase on the Irish staff of 37,000l . and from an increase on the foreign staff of 36,000l . ; counteracted by a decrease in the home staff of 16,000l . In the estimate of supernumerary officers ,