subject of his Majesty 's illness was noticed by an hon . baronet in parliament , and then only , with a view to a particular point . It was enough for him to stale , that on the 22d and 27th of February , the cabinet examined the physicians , and the physicians had declared that his Majesty was competent to perform the royal functions ; and here he referred to the difference between the year I804 and the present period , with regard to his Majesty 's indisposition . When parliament lately met , it could proceed to no business till it had taken steps , ex necessitate rei , to ascertain the want of the royal authority , and to supply the deficiency . But in 1804 , parliament was sitting , and in that difficult period was the House prepared to say that the ministers , merely on account of an indisposition in his Majesty of a few days or weeks , ought to come down to the house and suspend the whole course and exercise of the legislative functions ? They had this to consider , and when it was recollected that the country was then menaced with invasion , and that the most important measures to meet and defeat it , were in progress , he trusted the House would approve of their determination . On the 22d of February , as he had said , the physicians were examined , and had stated that a very material improvement had taken , place in his Majesty 's health ; and again , on the 27th , they declared that a further improvement had taken place . Being asked , whether they thought his Majesty competent to any act of government , if necessary , they answered , that , though it would be better 73 to postpone any act , if the public service would allow it , yet his Majesty was competent ; This was the judgment of the physicians , who were to be understood , in respect of competency , as speaking in the same way as they would of any private individual , imagining that his Majesty was as competent to discharge the royal functions , as a private individual to transact his common affairs , or make a deed which an honest man would subscribe as a witness , and which would be valid in law , upon an inquiry into all the circumstances . But to disarm the question of some of the jealousy attached to it , his lordship , while he admitted the importance of the royal functions , remarked that the public interest was always secured by the circumstance , that the minister was at all events responsible for every act of the government . His lordship mentioned that he had made a memorandum of the answers of the physicians at the time of their examination on the 27th of February , and therefore he had been enabled to speak to it more accurately . The cause of the desire of the postponement by the physicians , was the danger of a protracted discussion to a recovering mind . Notwithstanding the competency of his Majesty on the 22d and 27th of February , no act of government had been done by him till the 5th of March . The hon . gent . carried his notion of incompetency so far , that he would have an instant suspension declared , though the derangement was merely incidental , and likely to be but of very short continuance . But on the 27th of February , when the subject was mentioned in the House , it appeared that parliament had a different view of the duty of government . Mr. Fox thought that the ministers ought to make a communication to the House , and Mr. Windham agreed with him , but did not think it imperative on the House to take any steps in consequence ; But what was the feeling of the House ? Lord Sidmouth stated , that he did not think it his duty to make any communication ; and when further pressed