because he knew that the project of the hon . gent . would be received favourably by the House ; and because he was apprehensive , that in the ardour of their feelings they might neglect what would perhaps appear to them minor considerations . He entreated them , therefore , to look at the subject in all its bearings ; to look at it with a view to the nature of the advantages proposed by the plan—to the practicability of the plan—and above all , to the danger which might result , in the event of a failure , from the introduction of a vast additional population into the West Indies . , after observing that a proposition could come from no quarter more deserving of attention , stated that he would not oppose the motion . But it would not be understood , that the House consented to enter into the inquiry upon an admission of the principles relied on by the hon . gent . who proposed the plan . It might , however , be suggested , that nothing was more dangerous than that a community should be formed wholly of two classes , the high and the low , and that it might be beneficial to establish an intermediate rank . So far the plan appeared at first sight well worthy of attention . Without , therefore , pledging themselves to any particular line of proceeding , the House would enter upon the investigation with the most sincere desire to discover the truth . admitted , that no one could be more entitled to every deference than the hon . gent . who brought forward this plan , and had so disinterestedly supported the sacred cause with which it had some connection . But he must declare his utter despair of any good resulting from , it . His reasons were these : while slavery-existed in the West Indies , it was impossible that free labour could succeed in competition with it . To prove this , he adverted to the failure of the scheme by which Chinese had been imported into , Trinidad . Notwithstanding their industry in their own country—though , they were not accompanied by wives or children , a negro did as much in a week as one of 711 them in a month . Yet his hon . friend proposed that they should be carried to the West Indies with their wives and children . Another reason was , that he had always thought , and still maintained , that the negro population of the West Indies , would , with good treatment , support itself . This had been proved by the best evidence of which the subject was susceptible . He admitted , that this might not-succeed where there was a great disproportion between the numbers of each sex , but the evil would not be cured by his hon . friend 's plan , unless he proposed to import females only . The colonial legislatures had not as yet acted upon the abolition as a permanent system . They had passed no acts to attach the negroes to the soil they cultivated , nor adopted any other measures to keep up their numbers . They perhaps never would , if they were permitted to look to a resource of this kind . It would , besides , be unjust to bring the Chinese into a situation , of the nature of which they were not aware . They would in the West Indies be considered as mulattoes , a degraded class , excluded from even the meanest offices of government . But though he expected no good from this inquiry , he would not oppose the motion . expressed his strong detestation of the abominable traffic in human beings , and declared that he should concur in the appointment of the Committee , although he had several doubts , similar to those stated by the hon . gent . who had just spoken , as to the probable result of the investigation . defended the Colonial Assemblies from the charges which had been preferred against them .