Now I have no disposition to under-rate our success , nor cast any imputation upon the Portuguese or upon the Spaniards , and much less upon our own troops—but what is the success to which he alludes ? Did we not begin the campaign out of Portugal ? Did we not commence it at Ciudad Rodrigo—and after losing that town and Almeida , did we not retreat ? The fact is , that our success consists in having lost almost the whole of Portugal , and that our army is now confined or hemmed in between Lisbon and Cartaxo . Can any man say that that is not a fact ? and can the right hon . gent . call this encouraging our expectations , and say that on such a ground we should now give a subsidy of two millions instead of one million ? Does he re- 396 flect upon the nature of this contest ? How long can this country support this expence ? Does he know the expence of sending troops to Portugal ? Does he know that there is a loss of 30l . upon every 100l . sent to that country ? I say that there actually is such a loss , and I defy any man to contradict me . How is the remaining seventy pounds paid when it gets to Portugal ? It is paid , the one-half in coin and the other half in Portuguese paper . Does he know how much that paper is depreciated ? Does he know that there is a regular money price and a regular paper price ? Has he considered these circumstances , and does he think it is possible for England to continue long to do as we are doing ? —Does he reflect upon the Report of the Committee lately appointed to investigate the commercial embarrassments of our country ; and does he recollect that we are passing a bill just now to relieve , by a grant of six millions , those who have suffered by such embarrassments ? Does the right hon gent think that this is a proper time to submit a vote of two millions to Portugal , under such circumstances . ' He says that the tone of the enemy is much altered—that instead of boasting they will drive us into the sea , they have now come to this , that they are making the war a contest of time and money , and that nothing can be more ruinous to France . The right hon . gent . indeed must know many facts , which I can only judge of by conjecture , and therefore my assertions may prove erroneous ; but I believe that nobody knows what policy the emperor of France has in view . Does the right hon . gent . know for certain that it is not the intention of the French to send a greater force to finish the campaign ? If it be the intention of the French emperor to send a greater force to terminate the campaign , he may accomplish it easily , for I am sure there is in his dominions no deficiency of force . France alone can furnish 400,000 troops , besides those already in Spain and Portugal . I speak within bounds , and I have particular means of knowing it . For what purpose is the emperor of the French collecting an army in the North of Europe , a greater army than what he had formerly occasion to collect to subdue Austria and Prussia ? While we are shut up in one corner of Portugal , are we sure that he may not avail himself of that particular circumstance to carry into execution his schemes against the Northern part of Europer ? I know not whether I be correct in these 397 conjectures , but the right hon . gent . has perhaps a better source of information . He says , we are to carry on this contest , as it has been forced upon as . We abandoned Spain after sir John Moore 's object was defeated ; and since