open , for the House to take a step which must eventually be prejudicial 1076 to the interest of the creditor , and most injurious to the community at large ? Were those who had made contracts to be subjected to ruin , by the adoption of a new system ? Having now stated , not all that he could have wished to have said , but that which appeared to him of greatest importance , he now came to this conelusion : that the measure proposed was a measure which , if adopted , would be adopted without proof of its necessity or expediency , against the evidence on which it was founded , and contrary to the example of former times ; and that the House , in adopting it , would disgrace themselves for ever , by becoming the voluntary instruments of their country 's ruin . rose and said : Mr. Lushington ; After the ample discussion which this question has undergone , I rise , Sir , not in the presumption that I am able to add any thing to the information which the Committee has already received from gentlemen the best qualified by their talents and their acquirements , by their professional pursuits and their official situations , to throw light upon the subject in all its principles and details ; but simply for the purpose of stating the grounds of my own vote upon the several propositions which are submitted to our consideration . In discharging this duty—a duty which I feel to be incumbent upon me as a member of parliament—I beg to be considered as speaking in that character only ; as delivering freely and honestly a sincere ' and unbiassed opinion , upon a question so important , that I did not think myself at liberty to let it pass without forming , to the best of my judgment , some opinion upon it ; as neither adopting nor countenancing the prejudices of any set of men whatever ; as neither the advocate nor the antagonist of the Bullion Committee ; neither the advocate nor the antagonist of the Bank . With respect to both those bodies , I firmly believe , that they have , each according to their measure , performed conscientiously a very difficult duty . Of the Bank it is always to be remembered , that the condition in which they have found themselves , has been none of their own seeking ; that the original restriction , in 1779 , was imposed upon them by parliament ; upon their own showing indeed of their difficulties—difficulties , 1077 however , arising out of circumstances over which the Bank had no controul ; and that the restriction was renewed after they had declared their readiness to resume their payments in cash . Of the necessity of the first restriction I have no doubt ; of the policy of the terms upon which it was last renewed I certainly entertain great doubts ; but the error of that policy , whatever it may have been , is not justly to be visited on the Bank . Placed as the directors of the Bank have been by the effect of that last renewal , and by the events which have since occurred , in a situation perfectly novel ; having , from the mere managers of the affairs of a great money corporation , become , by the force of circumstances , the sole issuers and regulators of the whole currency of the country ; it is surely not to be wondered at that in such a situation they may have found the maxims of their original and habitual occupation either inapplicable to their new and enlarged sphere of action , or insufficient for it ; and may have committed mistakes in the exercise of one of the highest prerogatives of the sovereign , which they would easily have avoided in conducting the concerns of their constituents . If they have fallen into such errors , I am not inclined to blame them . I would correct the errors , but without imputation on the men . On the