them up , be could not have made them amount to less , with a due regard to the interests and security of the country . It was necessary , in framing them , to consider what might be wanted in all parts of the world . Those wants , he could assure them , would be found much greater than any gentleman could have an idea of , who was not acquainted with the detail . Our naval superiority was necessary to our best interests . Having gained the ascendancy , we ought not now to lessen our force , so that we must again renew the contest for that ascendancy . It was true that with a smaller force than that opposed to us , we had gained the superiority ; but it would be unwise to risk letting it be snatched from us again , by failing to preserve a numerical advantage . The burdens which the people were obliged to bear pressed heavy on his mind , and he was conscious they were as severely felt by his right hon . friend . expressed his surprise , that , after what had passed on a former night , when the Bill was under discussion , the noble Secretary of State should have brought forward the third reading that night , when those noble lords who took a more particular interest in the question , and who wished to pay every possible attention to the state and concerns of Ireland , were unavoidably absent , and that for the laudable purpose of forwarding the interests of a benevolent Irish Institution . Another business ( the Message respecting the Subsidy to Portugal ) had on that account been postponed from Monday till Thursday ; and he was at a loss to see why a question which more nearly interested the feelings and opinions of the representative peers of Ireland , should not also be deferred till that day . 384 He should therefore more , That the Bill be read a third time on Thursday next . observed , that as the noble lords to whom the noble earl alluded had expressed no wish of deferring till Thursday the third reading of the Bill , he could see no just ground for not proceeding in the Bill during their absence . Had they intimated such , he should undoubtedly have acquiesced in it , from the usual courtesy observed on such occasions ; but no such wish having been manifested , it was unnecessary to interpose any further delay in the progress of the Bill , the more so , as the period of its expiring so nearly approached . observed , that within these few years the Mutiny Bill had not passed that House before the 27th March . next rose to propose a rider to the Bill , which , in his opinion , contained matter of much importance , and which could not fail of having a most salutary tendency . The ground adduced on a former night by the noble Secretary of State , for rejecting the amendment which he had the honour to propose was , that no fact had been stated to prove the necessity of adopting the amendment . He had remarked at the time that he did not think it necessary to state any facts—that he rested the propriety of his amendment on its justice and expediency , and if he abstained from mentioning facts and names , it was because he felt anxious to forbear from every thing that might tend to irritate and inflame . But as the noble Secretary slighted his amendment because it did not come backed by facts , he should now state a few facts which he challenged the noble Secretary to controvert . The noble earl then read extracts from letters which minutely detailed the case of a private in the Enniskillen regiment , who had been sentenced to perform duty publicly in a turned coat , and condemned to several days confinement in the black hole of the prison for having refused to attend Divine Service , according to the rites of