the tolls , and now was a great coach proprietor ) had been round the country , and had found no great difficulty in convincing the inhabitants that it was pleasanter to travel for two shillings than for five , and so they signed the petition . But he was sure if they knew that they were doing an act of injustice , and depriving individuals of vested rights , they would sooner have cut their right hands off than have signed the petition , It was not necessary , but the House would excuse him if he read an extract from the act of parliament by which the rights in question had been granted to these individuals , to shew by what strict stipulations they were bound . [ Mr . Pole then read an extract from 38 Geo . 3 . ] Upon the whole , it appeared to him a very hard case , and he thought that parliament would act with great injustice to the individuals concerned if it did not restore them those rights which had been taken from them , without their having been guilty of any neglect , or having done any thing to forfeit them . said that the petitions 779 which he presented yesterday against the Bill were signed by all the most respectable resident gentlemen of the Queen 's County , which was a circumstance that fully proved how much it was likely to affect the public interest . Before the act of last session passed to do away the restraints imposed on stage coaches , by the 48th of the King , this county , and many others , derived little or no advantage from them . But since these restraints have been removed , they have afforded the greatest advantages . He wished to call the attention of the House to one of these petitions in particular , it was that of Mr. Bourne , who , on the faith of the act of fast year , had expended a very large sum of money in building new coaches , and making preparations for establishing them in new directions . The coaches which were formerly made use of not being adapted to carry so great a number of passengers as that allowed by the act of last session , to appears that he has built twenty two new coaches , whose construction and strength , being adapted to ten outside passengers , would be ineligible and useless , if the number was again confined to three , with respect to the assertion that Mr. Taylor was not aware of the nature of the act of last session , he could not bring , himself to credit it , as the Bill was two months before the House , and had been published in the Irish newspapers . Nor could he believe that he was injured in the way that was insisted upon , because Mr. Anderson was interested exactly in the same manner , in consequence of his contract for the road from Dublin to Mullingar , and he had made no complaint ; and because Mr. Bourne was also interested in the same way for the road from Naas to Limerick , and he distinctly says that he has sustained no injury whatever . The , true state of the case was this , that all these gentlemen were originally partners in the contract for these roads , and in the stage and mail coaches established on them , and that they obtained the additional tolls , as they are called , on the number of passengers to be carried , and the double toll on all stage coaches , in order to give them a monopoly in the stage coach business on these roads ; it was for this purpose , and not by way of giving them any profit on the money to be expended by them in repairing the road , that these tolls , were given ; the taking away , there fore of these tolls , or of this monopoly , was no 780 infringement of the contract ; it did no