a petion to be considered as delegates within the meaning of the act ? If so , three millions of his majesty 's subjects would be deprived of the right of petitioning . Were persons appointed to go round to get a petion signed to be considered as delegates or managers within the meaning of the act ? Upon these points the law , he contended , was clear , and that such acts would be perfectly legal . The noble earl related an anecdote upon this subject of a Petition from Kent , during the last war , for peace , in which he took an active part , and where by means of Committees in the different divisions of the county , 17,000 signatures were obtained to the petition , which he presented to his Majesty . Had a similar circumstance occurred in Ireland , it would , he contended , have been perfectly legal , and yet Mr . Pole 's Letter jumbled together things illegal and legal , 694 and made no distinction . Supposing a person attended one of the meetings pointed at in the Letter , not for the purpose of voting in the election of delegates , but for the purpose of dissuading the rest from voting , and telling them their conduct was illegal , still under the directions of the Letter he would be liable to be arrested and held to bail , merely for being present at the meeting . Here also was another violation of the law , for the act did not authorise the arresting and holding to bail , but merely the dispersing of illegal meetings , and in the case of resistance then the persons resisting became criminal . He defied any lawyer or any one who ever had been a lawyer , to shew that he was wrong in his law as applied to this Letter—a Letter which was written without temper , which not only invited but required the magistrates to do acts not authorised by law , and which was pregnant with danger to the liberties of the subject . He wished there had been a meeting in the Queen 's county , of which he was a freeholder , and he would have met Mr . Pole there , if that gentleman had chosen to attend to disperse the meeting ; and if a scuffle had ensued , and the death of an individual had been the consequence of the illegal act of Mr . Pole , that gentleman must have been indicted for murder . He did not apply his argument to meetings of Catholics , and strongly objected to the mention of Roman Catholics in the letter ; but the law of the case applied equally to all meetings , whether of Catholics or Protestants . It was clearly shewn on the discussion of the Bill in the Irish parliament , that it was not intended by the act to prevent all delegated meetings , but was only meant to apply to meetings attempting to carry on discussions upon proposed alterations in matters established in church and state . It was observed at the time by a member of that parliament , that the Quakers sometimes appointed delegates to discuss matters connected with church and state , and it was replied by the then Attorney-General of Ireland , that the act was not intended to apply to them . It was also stated at that time by Mr. George Ponsonby , that if the act was only intended to suppress meetings attempting to discuss measures like a parliament , he would not oppose it ; and it was replied by Mr. Hobart , that that was the only object of the bill , and that it was not intended to interfere . He trusted that the latter gentleman , now a peer of that House , would support 695 the opinion he then gave . His lordship , intended , upon these grounds , that the letter of Mr. pole was a violation of the law , in requiring the magistrates to do acts which were not authorized by law