the remedy for the evil is to be found ? In that respect it is only necessary for the House to institute an inquiry , and from the evidence adduced to form its conclusion where the remedy-is to be provided . The most important consideration to a civilised nation is the standard value of coin . All civilized nations have at all times considered a measure of value as essential to the interest of the state . If our measure of value be deteriorated or lost , then it becomes the legislature to provide a remedy . What is the consequence of this deterioration ? it is the cause of infinite loss to creditors , has a great effect upon monied incomes , gives an undue advantage to debtors , and affcets materially persons holding stations in society , which property of that description gives . The revenue was injured and taxes ceased to be productive , for the money paid into the . King 's exchequer would not do that , which it was calculated it would be sufficient to do . In turning our attention , therefore , to the most effectual and expedient remedy for the existing evil , it is in the first place necessary for us to ascertain the cause . All that has been urged by the adversaries of the Bullion Report in explanation of the present state and circumstances of our currency and circulation appears to be reducible to two 808 points : —first it is said that gold has experienced an actual rise in its real value from a positive scarcity , and secondly it is stated that the unfavourable state of the Exchequer has caused a local rise in its price at home . The first of these positions implies that the demand for gold has greatly increased on the continent ; the second has no foundation whatever in fact , and is in my opinion a complete fallacy . The money value of gold can not rise in this country . Its real price is unquestionably subject to ail the variations arising from the increase or diminution of the amount of the supply : but its standard value as a measure of exchange can not possibly fluctuate under any change of circumstances . In Africa , and many parts of the East , salt is the common measure of value . It is quite obvious , that salt is an article , the real price of which must often vary : but when it is used as a common measure of value it is as immutable as any other article ; and the apparent variations in it as a standard are in fact variations in the prices of other commodities estimated by that common measure . In like manner in those , countries where silver is the standard , the money price of silver can never vary : —and , in Great Britain , where gold constitutes the standard , it is impossible that any change can be produced in its value as a measure of exchange . The only effect , therefore , which can take place by any diminution of the circulating medium in any country , must be to make all commodities cheap , and I will put it to the Committee whether by the disappearance of specie , any such effect has been produced in this country . But let us look to those periods , when an unusual demand for coin reduced the quantity in circulation , and decide from what happened then , whether a diminution of the amount in circulation or an occasional demand for coin had the effect of raising the money price of gold . In 1795 there was a great scarcity of gold arising from the large sums which were necessary to be paid in that period of scarcity for foreign grain . In 1796 there was an unusual demand for specie , as also in 1797 for internal purposes , and from the apprehension of external danger , the practice of hoarding was carried to a very ; great extent . Yet during the whole of this period not