. It had been often said , that all money was merchandize , but it might be more convenient to make all merchandize money . The price of any one thing could only be determined by a reference to some other commodity which by common consent or established law was fixed as a standard . This was a position which he must fully allow and admit , that any commodity might in that way answer the purpose of money and become money . The precious metals , however , had many decided advantages in this respect over any other commodities . He would not admit that they acquired their value entirely from any convention of agreement , but he thought they came into the situation they now stood from possessing intrinsic value . They were money before they were coined . He admitted that they so far partook of the nature of other commodities , that the abundance or scarcity must increase or diminish the value . As to what was called price ( if there was no paper currency ) , it would be merely the comparison of other commodities with gold and silver considered as commodities . When the price of either gold or silver was talked of separately , it would only mean with reference to the other precious metal . It appeared to him , that it was not possible that there could be any real excess in a currency of gold and silver , and that nothing could be more absurd than to state a precise numerical amount of money which would be proper for the circulation of any given country . If the gold and silver was less abundant , a certain quantity of it would go farther in exchange for other commodities ; but if it was more abundant , it would require a greater quantity to purchase the same articles . The price of all other commodities would then rise and fall according to the abundance or scarcity of the precious metals . When paper , however , was the currency , and that paper not convertible into gold or silver , then there might , indeed , be an 972 excessive issue . Even in that case some persons now contended , that there could be no excess of issues of Bank paper ; and their argument was , that the supply did not exceed the demand . It was said , that no man would ask them for money unless he wanted it to make some use of . It was evident , indeed , that the individuals applying for the money wanted it , but it was not evident that it was for the public good that such issues should be made . Before the restriction act was passed , nobody spoke of the quantity of notes issued by the Bank . That was a secret which no person was interested in penetrating , when the paper could at pleasure be exchanged for gold and silver . Since the restriction , however , we heard for the first time of the quantity of money that was necessary to serve this country ; and the directors of the Bank appeared to have got a scale by which they can gauge the country with as much precision as an exciseman can take the contents of a cask . Upon this part of the case his opinions were decided and fixed that , coin was of no value except with reference to the quantity and fineness of the gold and silver it contained , and that paper was of no other value but in reference to the coin it represented . If the currency consisted partly of coin and partly of paper , the excess of paper above what the currency would be if it was coin , must be an excess of currency , and naturally tend to depreciation . It must be obvious that the value of money is in the inverse ratio of its quantity . The value of currency consisting of gold and silver can not be depreciated . If paper , then , has no other value