measure proposed by the Committee . I will not call it the boldest experiment that I ever heard of in finance , because that character is much more appropriate to the original restriction of 1797 ; which I shall ever consider as a measure quite unlit to remedy the evil of the times , and as that measures of Mr. Pitt'spolitical life , which reflects the greatest degree of blame upon him . In respect to this measure as bearing on the present depreciation of paper , I feel myself obliged to differ from the hon . member ( Mr. Horner ) in his opening speech . He has stated that the cause of it was a panic that spread through the country in consequence of an expected invasion ; I do not conceive this to be the true cause , and I am anxious to persuade the Committee to agree in opinion with me , because if this were to be held to be the cause , the proper remedy , in my opinion , could never be adopted , I think , Sir , that the paper money was in an unsound-state for some time previous to the restrictions of 1797 . That there had been more issued into circulation than there ought to have been ; and , therefore , that more is necessary now to be done to remedy the evil we complain of than merely placing things in the same condition as they were just prior to the restriction . I allow that the panic spoken of by the hon . gent . had a great effect in bringing matters to a crisis ; that it was the immediate cause of the run on the Bank . But it was not the original cause , it served only to bring into light the disease which had long been established . I do not submit this opinion to the Committee on any slight-consideration of the subject , or without having the best authority . Lord Liverpool , who has given his judgment on the cause of the restriction , formed some years after the events of that day had passed by , and with the fuiladvantage of having been able to take a comprehensive and dispassionate view of the whole subject , says , `` When the situation of the Bank of England was under the consideration of the two Houses of Parliament in the year 1797 , it was my opinion , and that of many others , that the extent to which paper currency had been carried , was the first and principal , though not the sole cause of the many difficulties to which that corporate : body was then , and had of late years from time to time 1045 been exposed , in supplying the cash necessary for the commerce of the country . '' It appears to me that this opinion of lord Liverpool is one deserving of the greatest attention , if we sincerely desire to apply an effectual remedy to the evil ; because , if it be correct , it fully shews that we must do something more than merely enact that cash payments shall again be made by the Bank at the expiration of two years . In the view that I lake of the state of the paper currency in 1797 , I am disposed to think there was an excess of it in this sense of the word excess , that is , in comparison with the quantity to coin then circulating in the kingdom ; that the proportion which the paper bore to coin in order that it might be a paper money truly convertible into coin was much too great ; and , therefore , that it was not what it professed to be , of the value of coin itself . The cause of this 'excess I attribute to that act of the legislature , which enabled the Bank to issue notes for sums under 10l . So long as the Bank were restrained from issuing notes of a smaller value , the whole retail trade of the country and all