the cheapest commodity . He was as anxious for the use of grain as any one , but for the reasons before stated , he thought it the true policy to permit distillation from sugar . supported the measure , convinced that the complaints of the landed interest were in a great measure groundless , and the claims of the West India proprietors well founded . The House then divided , for the recommittal , Ayes , 66 . Noes 31 . Majority 35 . The House then went into a Committee on the clause for limiting the duration of the Act for three months to Ireland . After a short discussion , in which sir J. Newport , Mr. Grattan , Mr. Curwen , Mr. Rose , and Mr. Fuller participated , the clause was agreed to , and the House having resumed , the Report was ordered to be received to-morrow . called the attention of their lordships to a subject which he deemed of considerable national importance . In the course of the discussion which took place on the occasion of the Thanks of the House being moved to general Graham , it appeared , that that part of the events of the memorable day on which the action was fought , which justly gave rise to sensations of regret , and to feelings of a stronger nature was to be attributed , in a great degree , to the present state and organization of the Spanish armies . This was a topic evidently of great national importance , and on which the House and the country had a right to expect some information from his Majesty 's government . Under this impression , he should , after the ensuing recess , submit a motion to their lordships for an Address to his royal highness the Prince Regent , requesting him to order that copies of such correspondence and communications as had taken place between his Majesty 's government and that of Spain , on the subject of the actual state and organization of the Spanish armies , be laid before the House . He was fully aware , that although this was a topic of considerable public interest , in consequence of the particular and evident relations between this country and the Peninsula , yet he felt it was also one of a very delicate nature ; and it was more than possible that the exposure of such communications might be productive of some degree of public inconvenience . In that view of the case , if his noble friend the Secretary of State should express a decided opinion , that in the present circumstances a degree of public inconvenience , from an exposure of the kind , would result , he should , on that important ground , though he felt strongly on the subject , decline pressing his notice begged leave to observe that his Majesty 's government were as fully aware as his noble friend or any other individual peer could be , of the great national importance of the subject adverted to . It therefore had engrossed a due share of their attention ; and , as might be supposed , representations had been made , and communications had taken place between his Majesty 's government and that of Spain , on the topic alluded to . They were fully aware of the advantages in a belligerent point of view , which would arise from the introduction of the principle and system , into the armies of Spain , which by their efforts had been so successfully introduced into the armies of Portugal . But his noble friend and the House would be aware , that the relations between this country and Spain were by no means of that favourable nature , for such an object , as they were with Portugal . The long , close , and ancient alliance , which subsisted between the two govern- ments and countries , those of Great Britain and Portugal , naturally gave the former a degree of influence in Portugal , which , from circumstances , could not be expected with regard to