man who thought that the kingly office , as established by law , was necessary to the integrity of the constitution , would allow the sceptre to be made a tool of in such hands with impunity . He was persuaded that those who had been guilty of the acts , which he had described , had committed high crimes and misdemeanors against the constitution , and he should therefore heartily support the motion . rose to explain : the hon . bart . had made allusions to him as a person sufficiently oppressed with the weight of personal responsibility . He had only to ask of that hon . baronet to prefer against him any charge which he thought worthy the attention of the House . He would meet it fairly , and he hoped the hon . baronet would bring it forward in the same open , candid , and manly manner , as the hon . gentleman who brought forward the present motion was accustomed to prefer his charges . One thing he must take the liberty to add , and that was , that he trusted the hon . baronet would confine his attacks to those places where he could answer them , and not where he could have no opportunity of defending himself . replied , that at all times , and in all places , he should state his genuine opinions of the noble lord 's public conduct , according to the dictates of his own discretion . rose to reply . He said that as the House was on the point of dividing , he presumed that there was no gentleman present who intended to offer himself . If there was , he now called upon him to rise , and he should most cheerfully give way ; if there was not , he should proceed to reply to the little which had been said , premising at the same time that it would not be fair towards him in any gentleman who intended speaking , not to speak now , but wait till he had concluded . He had waited a considerable time in deference to the feeling of two individuals more nearly connected with one of the noble lords ( Sidmouth ) , and he had waited 82 for some time in respect to the feelings of that hon . gentleman , who certainly was present , yet who had been marvellously silent . did not think that any hon . member had a right thus to allude to private matters no way connected with the business before the House . If , however , the hon . gentleman wanted a reason from him why he did not speak , he frankly owned it as his reason , that did he speak for an hour , he could not add one word to the able speech delivered by the noble lord . then said , that as the House were not likely to have the benefit of that hon . gentleman 's powers , he '' should now proceed at once to reply very briefly to what had been advanced ; and , in the first place , he contended , that not one of his assertions had been contradicted . He had stated nothing but facts , and nothing of all he had asserted as facts had been attempted to be contradicted . He had , indeed , waited for the attendance of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) , and it Was most true that he had attended ; that he had , according to his own shewing ; heard the best defence that could be offered in behalf of his noble relative ; and though that defence did not attempt to question the truth of any one of the facts he had urged , yet the right hon . gent . had thought it prudent and discreet to give a silent vote upon such a question . The case ( said Mr. Whitbread ) is before the House . I rest it upon a statement of facts , and that statement is not attempted