to see the time of the House taken up so many nights one after another , with this tiresome question . It grieves me to see so much labour and sweating about this Bullion Report . Why , Sir , it wo n't make a bit better figure in the papers , than that nonsensical dispute between you and me . * ( Hear ! and laughing ) . commenced with a history of the nature of coin ; and then proceeded to discuss Mr. Huskisson 's pamphlet : he said , that gold had been considered the most precious metal from its rarity , as well as from its ornament and use . It was the most ductile , the most malleable , the most beautiful of all the metals ; and it was besides the most hard to be got . The hon . gent . said , he was clearly of opinion , that gold bullion was not the standard of our currency ; that mint coin , and mint coin only was ; and that paper , as referable to such coin , was not in the smallest degree depreciated . contended , that the present difficulties of the country arose out of the state of its foreign trade . If we had no exports for our imports , it was not surprising that the price of bullion should be high and the rate of exchange low . The system of exchanges admitted of almost as much gambling as dealing in the funds . What had taken place upon this question had done much mischief ; but he was persuaded that the result of their discussions would remedy the evil . As to the depreciation of paper , he should say , that neither the Bank could pay its notes in specie , nor could any gentleman in England pay one hundredth part of his debts in coin . When he took a promissory note , it was not in the * See vol . 15 , p. 641 141 expectation of being paid in cash , but because he knew the individual to be possessed of capital and property . He denied that the directors of the bank could , by limiting their issues , have any effect on the exchange ; and if they could , it would hot be desirable that the little gold in the country should be suffered to go to the enemy . He wished the Committee had shewn how the diminution of paper would bring back gold . The country would not have reached its present elevated situation if it had not had an abundant circulating medium . As to the country banks , it was usual with them to keep a large stock of Bank of England notes and government securities , in order to answer any run upon them ; it was not to circulate an excess of their paper . He knew a banker , not in want of capital , who wished to increase his issue , and after having tried the experiment for one year , found he had not 1,000l . more of notes out in consequence , and made not a shilling by the operation . He should agree to any measure for rendering the country banks respectable , but must deny that they had , as they had been charged with doing , issued their paper to excess . The fact of the excess of paper was barely assumed ; he could wish to hear it separately discussed . The liberality of the Bank had saved many persons from sinking under the pressure of the times . It was his opinion , that it would be better to go on with the existing system , than by resorting to any untried schemes , to risk the ruin of the trade and commerce of the country . in commenting on the speech of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fuller ) , said , he was willing to leave to that gentleman his oyster shells provided he would give him in return more gold and silver . A noble lord (