Excise ; and , as if in sport , by attempting to impose a tax on that very raw material which was the foundation of the manufactures in which the Petitioners were engaged ! It was true that the right hon . gentleman subsequently abandoned his intention ; but even this he did in a boastful manner , asserting that the revenue of the country was so flourishing , as to allow him to wave the imposition of the proposed duty . What did the House suppose the distressed manufacturers must think of this empty vaunt ? Would it be easy to persuade them that general prosperity and such individual suffering could be co-existent ? He hoped the Mouse would do him the honour to listen to extracts from the correspondence 718 for which he was about to move , in order that they might see the necessity of having the whole on the table ; not with a view to found any proceeding upon the documents this session , not with the expectation of rousing the apathy of parliament on the subject , but from the conviction that America would soon force it on the attention of this country , and the wish that he , and those who thought with him might , not be found so neglectful of their duty as to have omitted an attempt to lay on the table of the House such papers , as might enable the nation to understand the subject , and might prepare parliament to come to some decision upon it in the course of the next session . It would appear in the correspondence , that on Jan 2 , 1810 , Mr. Pinkney wrote a letter to lord Wellesley on the subject of the recal of Mr. Jackson . To this letter no answer was returned until March 14 . On this tardiness the American minister observed , '' although I was aware that an answer would not be hastily given , I certainly did not expect such a delay . Unquestionably it was a delay which ought to be accounted for . On February 15 , Mr. Pinkney wrote a letter to lord Wellesley on the subject of the blockade , which letter was not answered until March 2 . On April 30 , Mr. Pinkney wrote a letter on the subject of the Berlin and Milan decrees , to which he received no answer . On May 14 , he wrote a letter complaining of the countenance given to the forging of American papers , to which he received no answer . On June 23 , Mr. Pinkney wrote a letter to lord Wellesley , referring to his letter of April 30 , and requesting a reply to it . To this second letter on the same subject , he received no answer . On July 7 , he wrote a letter complaining of the delay in the nomination of a British minister to America . To this letter a verbal assurance of an immediate appointment was the only return . On August the 18th , he wrote another letter , referring to his former letters of April the 30th , and June 23d , respecting the Berlin and Milan decrees . To this third application on this subject , Mr. Pinkney received no answer . On August 21 , he addressed lord Wellesey again on the subject of blockade , but received no answer . On August 25 Mr. Pinkney announced to lord Wellesley the revocation of the Berlin and Milan decrees , and demanded the abolition of the British Orders in Council . This letter was not answered until the 31st . On September 15 719 Mr. Pinkney wrote to lord Wellesley on the three several subjects of the mission of sir James Saumarez to blockade Elsineur , the condemnation of an American vessel , and the impressment of some American sailors . This letter was not answered until Sept. 26 , and then only as it regarded the blockade of Elsineur ; the matter of the American vessel was referred to sir William Scott , by whom it was subsequently restored ; and