refrain from it , But when gentlemen state that a hundred and thirty millions of assignats were issued in one year , and , in a confident tone , ask , would you compare such a currency with Bank-notes , of which the whole issue is 23 millions , I must be permitted to remind them , that this issue was in the last stage of the disease ; that we are now only commencing our career ; that when Mr. Burke was writing some of the reflections I have quoted , the issue of assignats had not exceeded 16 millions , which were less depreciated than the present currency in Bank-notes . I have undoubtedly the utmost confidence in the wisdom and honesty of parliament . I believe , that even if we do not return to a metallic circulation , we shall proceed in the career of depreciation with less rapidity , and with more , regard to the principles of justice , than any other nation : but I can not indulge the hope , that we shall escape mischiefs from which none have been exempted . There is no such radical difference in cur situation , as will warrant such a hope . Other nations , like ourselves , have used the agency of Banks ; several times has France defrauded her creditors through the agency of the Caisse D'Escompte , and other banks . A very large part of the depreciated paper now current in so many of the states of Europe has also been is- ; sued through banks and companies . But we are told , with that complacent smile , which too often marks an Englishman , when he speaks of the institutions of his own country , the Bank of England is founded upon principles different from all other banks ; it advances its notes only for values actually deposited in its coffers . I know not , that the principles of the Bank of England are in this respect different from the principles of any other bank . No establishment of this kind ever professed to make advances of its notes , but for securities of adequate value , and I am not aware of any great bank , ( the Ayr Bank excepted , ) that failed by a departure from its principles , except through its accommodation to government . I can not perceive the difference , between , the Bank of England making advances on an exchequer bill , and the Caisse D'Escompte issuing its notes on the acceptance of a farmer-general of the revenue in former times ; except in as far as the government of England , ii more , likely to 1047 maintain its faith than the goverment of France . Too close a connection , too liberal an advance to government , has uniformly first discredited , and ultimately ruined , every bank . Governments , in their dealings with banks , resemble a class of customers not unusual , who , in order to pay one bill , demand permission to discount another ; so , in the next year , government will faithfully discharge its obligations ; yet we shall probably find , that the claims of the Bank on the revenue of the approaching year are somewhat greater than at present . Therefore the true matter for our consideration is not concerning the principles on which the Bank is constituted ; but is it now an independent body , in the same degree as in former years ? and has it not increased its advances , and drawn closer its alliance with government ? It has been said the progress of depreciation was rapid in France , because paper was issued for the capital of the debt created in supporting war ; it is slow in England , because we issue paper for the interest only of the capital . It was properly answered , by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that we provided for the interest of our debt by annual taxes ; but are not the accommodations of the Bank progressively increasing , either in the shape