heroes executed to perfection their orders . They indeed spared their powder , but they gave the enemy the steel with a vengeance . How was the Isle of Bourbon taken ? By the valour of the Irish Catholics under the conduct of as brave and as skilful an officer as any in the service ; he meant his gallant friend and respected constituent , lieutenant colonel Keating.—The gallant general then proceeded to shew , that the continuing the penal laws would have the effect of putting down recruiting in Ireland , and had already considerably diminished it ; but if the Irish Catholics were put on the footing of the English ; if they were sent out under the command of their own brave countrymen ; of such men as the Irish generals , lords Wellington , Hutchinson , Marshal Beresford , generals Spencer , Doyle , Pack , & c. what might they not accomplish ? The navy , he further contended , was manned by more Irish than English , as there were many foreigners in the navy . The gallant general concluded by stating , that if the Irish were well used they might be led by a silken thread . The Irish demanded but their rights , and their rights they would have . With his last breath he should support the just cause of the Irish Catholics . rose , and said , that he was authorised in stating the principles of the Catholics from the books which they themselves had published , and considered of absolute authority . Before be read any extracts from them , he should state the oath which was taken by every Catholic bishop and priest , and then should leave it to the House to judge whether persons who professed principles such as were contained in the oaths , ought not to be looked on with a suspicious eye by 411 a Protestant government . The bishops swore that they would be faithful and obedient to the See of So Peter , and to their lord the Pope . They also swore to observe the decrees of the councils of the Roman church , and to resist and persecute heretics and schismatics . The Romish priest , too , swore obedience to the holy mother church and respect to the councils of the fathers . Besides those oaths and those doctrines which they were thus sworn to support , he must also take notice of the concordat concluded between Buonaparté and the Pope . The fact was , that there was no sect so intolerant as the Roman Catholics when they had power , but now that they had not political power they made an outcry for toleration . What toleration was it they wanted ? Had not not they their property protected , had not they their lives ? ( hear ! ) They were not impeded in the exercise of their religion , although whenever they had power , they had so often whelmed the world in blood . Buonaparté , however , was too wise to leave those people quite uncon-trouled in his country . He saw that it was necessary for him to put himself at the head of his clergy ; and yet in this country the Catholics who now petitioned for political power were not ready even to allow the crown a Veto on the appointment of Catholic bishops . As to the argument which had been drawn from what was done in foreign countries , it must be recollected , that all the Catholic states in Europe were despotic , and therefore it by no means followed from any example which could be drawn from them , that Catholics were fit to be a competent part of a Protestant legislature . Although the pope had lost his temporal possessions , his spiritual powers remained as great as at any former time , and were as fully acknowledged by the Catholics of Ireland . A great stress had been laid on the Answers of the foreign universities , upon a point of the doctrine of the Catholic church . He did not