thus wishing for more time , the noble lord was anticipating an opportunity of finding out some better arguments on the same side , than those which he had urged that night . The noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) although he had carried his warmth to an excess , had evidently misunderstood the noble mover , who had never intended to accuse him of partiality in his judicial duties . In that noble lord 's remarks on the treaty of Limerick , he must say , that however warm a foe he might be to his holiness the Pope , he doubted if that Pontiff had ever proved himself a greater enemy to oaths and treaties than the noble lord himself . What did the history and result of that treaty prove , but that the Irish Catholics , after surrendering their last hope , had been wronged of the conditions in their favour , upon the flimsy pretence , that the sanction of parliament was wanting to them ? Without referring to the supposed declarations of individuals , or to any implied pledge , he felt himself justified by an appeal to the letter of the statute of the Union . He had been the 680 first to press the claim of the Catholics on the attention of the House after that event , and was then told by several noble lords , that he had produced no petitions to shew that it was the desire of the people at large . The noble and learned lord had said , that he never could extract from Mr. Pitt his opinions as to the securities required . But the noble and learned lord would surely not consider the silence of Mr. Pitt , to his enquiries , as evidence against his declarations and avowed opinions at different periods . As to safeguards , it would be most absurd to go in search of questions for controversy even before the House had signified or expressed any disposition to concession . The noble and learned lord would have done better in proving this to be a question of theology , than in sneering at the right reverend prelate for stating that he considered it merely a political one . The noble and learned lord was astonished that the king 's supremacy should have been said to be not universally acknowledged in this country . Did he forget or overlook the Kirk of Scotland , in which it was a fundamental doctrine to deny that supremacy ? He was happy to find that noble and learned lord so well versed in the Prayer-book , and as he said he looked for Catholic tenets in the decrees of Catholic councils , he begged to ask him , whether he had never discovered any thing in the Prayer-book hostile to the Bill of Rights ? He believed that it would be impossible to discover any thing more destructive of political liberty than the Homilies in the Bishops ' Book , in which , among many other similar sentiments , it is declared that the king is the vicegerent of God on earth . A decree of the University of Oxford might be quoted , in which it is promulgated , that whoever should deny this , should be guilty of blasphemy . Why , then , search musty records for the decress of ancient councils , and apply them to modern circumstances ? —It was curious to note the different expedients employed at different periods to put down Popery . In Henry g 's time , it was by burning , a practice which prevailed some time , and at length , in Charles 2 's reign , exclusion was resorted to . A Protest signed by lord Shaftesbury and many others , was entered against the Test Act , which protest stated , that a seat in that House was so `` sacrosanct a right , '' that no government could interfere to take it away . The debates in the Lords on this subject 681 were conducted with disgraceful heat and acrimony , and the Commons even proceeded to blows .