be got at.—He rather thought that the inattention of the government to the profligate waste of the public money , arose from their unwillingness to believe any thing contrary to their own crude notions on these subjects . He stated , and he begged the House to attend to it , for it was as important as the subject of Mrs. Clarke , that in the reign of James the 2d the pay of a captain of a first rate was 80l . more than at present . King William , when he came over with his Dutch troops , whom he was much more anxious to attend to than he was to attend to his subjects here , took up his pen and cut off one half of the pay . So much for foreign troops—but still taking the advance of prices into view , king William left it far better than it was now.—His lordship then again called the attention of the House to the extent to which the French coasting trade was carried on , and observed , that it could not be checked , unless greater encouragement was given to the captains . If he commanded a ship on the coast of France , by keeping at a good distance he might go to sleep , but in order to intercept those coasting vessels the captain must be on deck watching all night . But it was impossible they could do this , merely to put money in the pockets of those who practised in the Admiralty court . They were certainly not worse than other men , there were many valuable officers stationed on the coast of France , but they were men , and would be actuated by the feelings of men . said , that at this late period of the session it would be impossible to enter upon a subject of such detail as that which was now brought before the House . As to ships being detained so long upon foreign and distant stations , it was much to be regretted , but it was often unavoidable . He was happy , however , to state , that in consequence of the success of his Majesty 's arms in India , a considerable 596 part of the naval force on that station had been already recalled . said , that the noble lord ( Cochrane ) who had latterly been lounging over the world in quest of grievances , did not appear to have duly appreciated the exertions of the officers employed off the coast of France : although they were not always running vessels under batteries to get hold of a few crazy boats that were worth nothing , they wanted no stimulus to do their duty . The fact was , that the noble lord was too much on the watch ; his own brother had desired him ( captain B . ) to put him to bed ; and he had so done when he was in Basque Roads , or the noble lord would have been , overcome by the extreme fatigue , which he went through previous to that gallant exploit . , in explanation , said that he had not charged those officers with any want of exertion ; but merely stated that a proper stimulus was not held out . , in reply , stated , that he had had several conferences with the Admiralty on this subject , and had wished very much that the business should have originated with them . He therefore could not be charged with bringing forward this measure from any desire of popularity in the navy . In the course of the last war , the marines at Malta received the dollar at 6s . 10d . while the army took it at 4s . 6d . In the expedition to Walcheren , the army and navy were put on an equality in this respect , and he did not see why they should not in other instances . said , that the inconvenience to the public would be greater in this arrangement than the advantage to the