of the evil , he did not know how they could remedy it If , however , the appointment had been resolved upon , and that the House would be called upon to join in making it , he trusted that it would not be hurried into premature adoption at the close of a session . The appointment now could be only an additional expence to the public , without any additional good . The reason of this was obvious . That House , in all human probability , would not sit many weeks longer ; when the parliament was prorogued the Lord Chancellor would of course be relieved from his attendance on his duties in the House of Lords ; but the object of appointing an additional judge avowedly was to enable the Chancellor to give more of his attendance to the business before the House of Lords . When therefore that House was no longer sitting , the additional judge would not be wanting , and consequently , his appointment before the next session would be an unnecessary addition to the expences of the public.—The appeals now before the House of Lords were numerous beyond all precedent : there were at present not less than 296 appeals , exclusive of writs and Writs of Error . The Report then proposed that the Lord Chancellor should be enabled to devote as much time as possible to the hearing of those appeals : but what were three days in the week to get through such an arrear of business ? at the utmost , he could not dispose of more than two appeals a week , which would be at the rate of about thirty or forty appeals in the course of the year ; and would it be pretended for a moment that a remedy that could do nothing more than this , offered any effectual relief to the equity suitor ? It was really telling him in so many words to be patient , and that perhaps his cause would come to a hearing in five or six years . In the times of lord Thurlow and lord Rosslyn , he did not believe that there 444 had been a single arrear ; it was so in the commission at which lord chief justice Eyre was at the head . As to the Report , he could not help saying , that he thought it one of the flimsiest and most jejune compositions he had ever seen . He defied any man in that House who opposed his present motion , to say , that it was a composition to which , on account of the unskilful and unprofessional manner it had been drawn up , he could wish to set his name . There was not a single reason specified for any one opinion it professed , or observation it had made , neither was there any cause assigned for the evils complained of—upon such a document he could not see how they were bound to take every thing for granted that had been thus vouched for by the Lords . The House of Commons was bound to hear and decide for itself upon the greatest question that that could come before them , namely , to ascertain the cause of the delay of justice—the Chancellor had been petitioned over and over again to hear causes where the parties were rotting in a gaol , but no remedy was in his power ; ought not parliament to seek for one ? He trusted that the Bill , however , would not come down to them that session . He strongly deprecated so serious a measure as that of changing the nature and constitution of the Court of Chancery , at the end of a session , by a vote of the House of Commons not amounting perhaps to more than fifty members . Why not a Commission ? This was a question to which he in vain sought for an answer . A new judge might have nothing to do . He remembered , though it was now some time since he had the honour of practising