enacted them . An act , however , was passed in the 1st of Edward 6 , who might fairly be said to be the first Protestant prince who had ever reigned in this country , for king Henry the 8th , that Defender of the Faith , could hardly be said to be a real Protestant , by which they were all shovelled away at once ; and justly so ; for what need had religion of acts of parliament ? Was not religion capable of standing by itself ? [ hear , hear ! from lord Sidmouth . ] The noble viscount might say hear , hear , but was it not true ? If the noble lord did not believe it , he ( lord Stanhope ) at least did . Was not America religious ? Yet there , there was no established religion : there , there were no tythes . In one particular state , that of Connecticut , he was informed there was a law , that if any man voluntarily gave a bond to a clergyman , no suit upon it could be entertained in a court of justice . And for a good reason , because it was the duty of the clergyman to instruct his flock , and to make them good and honest men , and if be had succeeded in doing so , no such suit would have been necessary ; and on the other hand , having failed to perform his duty , he could have on right to be rewarded . Oh ! if the establishment in this country were never to be paid till they made the people honest , many of them , ha was afraid , would go without any reward whatever . He gave notice , that he should , early in the next session , introduce a Bill , in place of that of which he trusted they had seen the last glimpse this night , founded on the equitable principle he had now alluded to . To toleration , as it now existed in this country , he was , as he already said , a decided enemy ; but to religions liberty he was the most decided friend , convinced that no restraint should be put on religion , unless in so far as it might seem to endanger the state . , though he did not disapprove of the determination of his noble friend not to persevere in the 252 Bill , after the opposition that had been manifested towards it , was still convinced that , if the Bill had been suffered to go into a Committee , it would have come out free from many of the objections under which it now laboured , and in such a state of improved regulation , as would have reconciled to it many of those who now seemed hostile to its principle and enactments . He could not deny that the Petitions presented against this Bill were numerous , and that they contained a very great number of signatures . He could , however , by no means persuade himself , that those who had signed the Petitions were fully aware of that against which they petitioned ; or that , if the matter were properly explained to them , they would not support , rather than oppose the present measure . This he knew , that his noble friend , while digesting the present Bill , had received such communications on the subject , as induced him to believe , that , in introducing the measure he conferred a boon on those to whom it related , and that there was seldom a mea'-sure introduced into that House which had given more general satisfaction . His noble friend on the second bench ( lord Holland ) had stated it to be his opinion , that it would be for the advantage of religion that every man who chose it should become a preacher or teacher . This was a doctrine in which he could not agree . He thought it would be extremely detrimental to the best interests of