Now , he , too , could refer to a private letter from that right hon . gentleman , containing a promise , which he should leave the House to judge how he had performed . The letter had been written to an hon . friend of his , to whom he should ever feel indebted for the continued support which he had on all occasions given to Mr. Palmer 's claims . That hon . friend had remonstrated with the right hon . gentleman , on the opposition which he persisted in giving to Mr. Palmer 's claims ; and in answer to such re- 350 monstrance the letter he alluded to had been written , stating , that if the Address should be agreed to on the Report , he would give the claim no farther opposition . Now , he should ask the right hon . gentleman how that promise had been fulfilled ? He would ask him , too , how he could reconcile it to himself , or to the House , that he had sent the Bill in a former session up to the Lords , not only without but against his consent ? This was an outrage upon him , as the originator of the proceeding in that House . In the next session he had been advised by his friends to bring forward the motion he had submitted this session ; but he preferred going into a court of justice , especially as the right hon . gentleman had boasted , that if he did so , the claims of Mr. Palmer would be done away with , and himself indicted for a conspiracy . After such a statement , he considered himself bound to go into a court of law . He was aware that the objection on the trial had been first started by the judge , that unless it appeared that the money had been received to Mr. Palmer 's use , the action could not be maintained . Mr. Serjeant Shepherd , who was leading counsel for Mr. Palmer , stated , that he had been aware of this objection , but added , that as the ground of going into court was to obtain a decision on the merits , that might be had if the counsel for the other side would admit that the money had been , so received . [ Here the hon . gentleman 's voice dropt , and he appeared to be greatly affected ; having succeeded with some difficulty in uttering a few sentences , which we could not hear , he was at length overpowered by the violence of his feelings , and under the necessity of sitting down . ] agreed with the hon . mover in many parts of what had fallen from him , both with respect to the general practice of the House and its high authority . The limits of its powers were large and extensive , necessary for its own dignity and security , as well as for the benefit of the people . He might add , that their permanency depended on keeping within these bounds . He was also ready to admit , that there was no precedent for an answer like the present , but would the hon . gent . shew him any precedent for such an Address ? When the opposition of the other House to this grant was known , and that House had an equal power with the Commons with respect to 351 the grant of money— ( Hear , hear , ) —he denied that this House , as asserted in the terms of the motion , were `` sufficient '' of themselves to make good a money grant . All the best writers down to Blackstone , surely not one of the least authorities , held this doctrine . The Commons , indeed , had the right to originate and appropriate . This no one denied , but it was equally undeniable , that their vote was not decisive or binding upon the public without the concurrence of the other House . Under all circumstances