subject , though equally hostile to the claimant , as very different . In referring to the nature of the evidence , he inveighed against the low means that had been employed in the Committee against the claimant . The gaols had been searched to find out accusers against him , and the principal one was a fellow that had been taken from the King 's Bench , who had been fed by Mr. Palmer 's bounty , and , like a viper , had turned against him . In a former discussion on this subject , he and an hon . friend of his had called him a viper , and a man of the worst description . These speeches had been published by a morning paper , he believed the Morning Herald , the proprietors of which were prosecuted for a libel by this same person , for the expression made use of respecting him . He and his friend had acknowledged that they had used the expression , and were ready to come forward in evidence , but first consulted the Speaker , who was of opinion that they could not appear in any court , on questions that had originated in that House , without first obtaining permission from the House . But though they did not appear in evidence , yet to shew the weight of the character of this man , when the question came to the jury , they found a verdict of only sixpence . In the heat of his feelings , there might have been some irregularities on the part of Mr. Palmer , but he did not believe that there now existed a more aggrieved man , or one to whom the public generally was more indebted . having been so pointedly referred to , justified his conduct and the opinion he had uniformly given on the question . It was necessary that an agreement should be fulfilled on both , sides ; and Mr. Palmer , he contended , had violated his engagement by the conduct of which he had been guilty . He thought this must be obvious to any man who had read the evidence . Both the two and a half percent , and the 1,500l . a year , he contended , were granted for services only which required the fulfilment of certain duties ; and if these were unperformed '' the stipulations on the other side might be withdrawn , without any injustice . He contended that upon the evidence of Mr. Palmer 's letters that gentleman had no such claim ; and that if a scire facias had been brought , the letters patent would have been cancelled . The question , however , on the whole , he conceived , was not whether Mr. Palmer had been properly and fairly dismissed , but what the House ought now to do with these letters of Mr. Palmer 's before them . called the attention of the House to the votes of the House of Commons of last night , by which it appeared , that an Address had been voted to the Prince Regent , praying his Royal Highness to order the sum of 54,000l . to be paid to Mr. Palmer . He wished particularly to call the attention of their lordships to this circumstance , they having , on a former occasion , decided against the claim of Mr. Palmer . observed , that the proceeding alluded to by the noble earl , was inconsistent with the dignity and independence of that House as a separate branch of the legislature , namely , the voting , by address , of a considerable sum of money to an individual in a way in which their lordships could not regularly exercise their controuling or separate power as an independent branch-There were not many instances of proceedings of this kind . The last within his recollection was when the House of Com- 269 mons , in a fit of enthusiasm towards a great and illustrious character in this country , voted the payment of his debts . That was a case of a very