contrary received him well . The French account of the negociation was in many respects garbled . The number of French prisoners in this country exceeded 50,000 ; the number of British prisoners in France exceeded 10,000 ; the Portuguese amounted to about 12,000 , and the Spaniards were nearly equal to the French in England . expressed his regret , that in consequence of illness his noble friend ( the earl of Donoughmore ) was rendered , unable to attend the House , to bring forward his motion the Roman Catholic Petitions . He could take upon him to assure their lordships , that nothing but the inability on the part of his noble friend , not only to make any exertion , but even to attend the House , would have prevented him from bringing forward his motion . It would be desirable at this late period of the session '' 625 to appoint as early a day as possible , and therefore he moved to discharge the order far summoning their lordships for this day , and to renew it for Tuesday , having every reason to believe that his noble friend would on that day be able to attend . did not rise to oppose the motion , but merely to express a hope that the discussion would not be deferred beyond Tuesday , if it was meant to bring it on at all this session , although he thought it might be postponed till the next session without the least prejudice to the question . He also wished to observe , that the Committee on the Militia Interchange Bill , which had been postponed till Monday , could not at this late period of the session be longer deferred , without great inconvenience . said , there was every reason to believe that his noble friend would be able to attend on Tuesday , and would in that case certainly bring on the question . , pursuant to notice , called the attention of the House to captain Manby 's invention for preserving seamen 's lives . Captain Manby had already received a public reward for it ; and animated by this , he had made various improvements in it . The whole had been tried and approved by a Committee of general officers . The invention added greatly to the utility of Mr. Greathead 's life boat . Upon the whole , he thought it highly desireable that the apparatus should be established on different parts of the coast . The arrangements had better be left to the executive government , who , he hoped , would grant re-wards to those who exerted themselves in preserving the lives of seamen . He him-self had in vain attempted to procure a reward for some persons who had , at the risk of their lives , preserved several from wreck , and these very men afterwards re-fused to go out in a case of distress , be-cause they said they had families of their own , and could not expose their lives to imminent hazard without the conviction that , in case of the worst , their families should be provided for . The expence of this would be trifling and the benefit would be great . He concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince 626 Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that such measures , as may appear expedient to his Majesty 's government , may be adopted without delay for carrying into execution , on suit-able parts of the sea coast of Great Britain , captain Manby 's Plans for saving the Lives of Shipwrecked Mariners ; and that this House will make good the expenses attending the same . '' seconded the motion ; remarking particularly on the utility of the invention , as it enabled the life-boat to reach vessels in distress on many occasions when otherwise a boat could not possibly be launched . although he highly approved of the invention , yet cautioned the House , after the experience which they had already had