reduced my country , by making her a party in effecting her national extinction ? Am I to be denied the right of complaining that she has been tricked out of her independence by promises which have been all violated , and hopes which have been all blasted ? It , however , after all this it be the secret determination to rob her gradually of the very few advantages , and those too of par- 634 tial operation , to which under even such an act she may be entitled , why then let but gentlemen avow this , and let the Union be dissolved . took occasion to observe , that it would appear from these documents that the total number of French Prisoners remaining in England amounted to 45,933 , and that the returns of the sick were 321 . The number on parole were 2,710 , and the sick 165 . This statement he conceived would be a sufficient answer to the imputations of negligence upon the part of this government which had been thrown out by a noble lord . rose and said : Sir ; I do not know whether it is perfectly regular to make any observations on the production of these papers ; but reproached as I am at this moment by the pointed ad-dress of the right hon . gent. , and goaded as I have been by his repeated assertions , that I am unable to prove facts which I have stated to this House , it is incumbent upon me to justify my conduct , in having given notice of a motion relative to the prison in Dartmoor , but in which I did not persevere , for reasons very different from those assigned by the right hon . gent. , namely , `` an inability to prove facts . '' Sir , if facilities are afforded to investigate truth , that right hon . gent . will find , that neither within or out of this House have I ever asserted that which I am unable to establish . The time that has elapsed will sufficiently evidence my reluctance to bring this matter to the knowledge of the public , fearing that a disclosure might add to the misfortunes of our countrymen in France . However , the defence of my character now compels me to say a few words in relation to it , and the right hon . gent . and his colleagues have themselves alone to blame . Having received many letters , stating the condition of the Prisoners of War at Dart-moor to be truly deplorable , I deter-mined to investigate the subject ; and having had occasion to go to Exeter , I proceeded to Launceston , and other depots , whence I obtained the intelligence , and 635 being satisfied that the complaints had some foundation , I went to Dart-moor , not doubting but that every facility would have been afforded to disprove the com-plaints , and invalidate the heavy charges made ; but , to my great astonishment , I was refused admittance , even in my capacity as a member of Parliament . [ A great laugh . ] Yes ! I say in my capacity as a member of Parliament ! which , what-ever respect or consideration it merits in the opinion of the hon . gentlemen who indulge themselves in laughing , it ought to entitle the members of this House to ad-mission there , or into any prison in the kingdom . Having contributed to place many individuals into this depot , I applied also for permission to see the interior , as a captain of the navy , but I was refused leave , except to look through a grating into the outer court-yard . This caution , I confess , produced a conviction in my mind that there existed some hidden motive for unusual secrecy . I asked for the authority which prevented my informing my-self of the state of the prisoners , and I was shewn an Order from the Transport-board , which increased my desire the more , as I found the