prepare for the attack , lest by endeavouring to attend also to the siege , he might risk the loss of both objects . He then took up a position on the river Albuera , where he was joined in the evening preceding the action by the allied force under generals Blake and Castanos , in pursuance of a previous arrangment with those officers ; and it was not till the morning of the day on which the battle was fought , that he was joined by the corps under general Cole , which had been left to cover the conveyance of the heavy ordnance and stores from before Badajoz to Elvas.—The right hon . gent . then proceeded to detail from the official dispatches , the order of battle—the Spaniards on the hill on the right , general Stuart 's division on the left of them , and general Hamilton 's on the left of general Stuart 's . The enemy made a demonstration on the left , and taking advantage of the weather '' , which masked his operations , directed the main body of his force and all his attention to an attack upon the position occupied by the Spaniards on the right . The Spanish troops resisted this concentrated attack with intrepidity and courage , but were at length obliged to give way to superior forces , and were driven from the hill . To the immortal honour , however , of these gallant troops , they rallied at the bottom of the hill , turned upon the enemy , and kept them in check by heir fire , till the brigade of lieut . col. Colbourne came to their support . The brigade of general Cole was stationed in the rear of the Spaniards . The brigade of colonel Colbourne , not being able to dislodge the enemy from their position by their fire , proceeded to charge them with the bayonet ; and it was in this charge that that brigade , consisting of three regiments , suffered so severely from an unexpected charge by a division of Polish cavalry . A small regiment , the 31st , kept this cavalry in check , till the brigade of general Hoghton came up ; when that brave and distinguished officer fell , cheering his men to the , charge.— 523 Whilst stating this circumstance , he trusted the House would agree with him as to the propriety of marking their admiration of the glorious circumstances of his death , by erecting a monument to the hero at the public expence ; at once a testimony to posterity of their gratitude and his glory . ( Hear , hear ! ) In the course of this contest it would be observed that every man did his duty . But it was against the right that the principal efforts of the enemy were directed . In this point , the brigade of general Cole , and particularly the fusileers , took the French on their left flank , and making a combined charge with the other troops , drove them from the eminence which commanded the British line , and which was the great object of their efforts to acquire , and of their ambition to retain . It was upon being driven from this hill that the French were broken , and forced with great slaughter down the hill . Never had there fallen in so small a space so many victims to the fury of war as on the acclivity of this hill , after the enemy had been driven from the summit to the bottom . When he stated that the whole of the battle took place on the right , he did not mean to be understood that no efforts had been made in any other part of the line . The enemy had directed serious attacks in other quarters , and if no other action had been fought but what had taken place at the bridge of Albuera , that alone would be enough to immortalise the glory of that day . Such had been the circumstances of this glorious battle ;