at the same time , be productive of a serious evil to bankers . It was well known that they were now obliged to give a premium for silver , in order to obtain change to pay the fractional sums in checks drawn upon them by their customers . This they were 1113 forbidden to do by this Bill , under penalty of the pillory ; and without being enabled to do it , how were they to carry on their trade ? how were they to procure change to pay the fractional parts of checks ? If , however , this Bill was considered so good a Bill by those who supported it , why was it not extended to Ireland ? Why were the landlords in Ireland to be allowed to insist on their rents in gold , which the landlords in Great Britain were forbidden to do , unless upon the most vicious principle in legislation , that the crime , as it was now to be called , was so frequent in Ireland , that it was in vain to attempt to check it ; and that it having only just commenced in England , it was to be met by a legislative enactment ? In every point of view in which the Bill could be considered , it appeared to be nugatory with respect to its professed object , and most pernicious in its real one ; that of attempting to force the circulation at a nominal value of a paper currency which was clearly proved to be depreciated , against the further depreciation of which there was no security , and in which there was proved to be an excess of issue of M millions , within the last 3 years—an issue which bad no parallel in the history of any country , with the exception of the French assignats.—He was aware that it might be very difficult to say how we were to retrace our steps in order to retrieve the mischief arising from the present state of the circulation . He however thought , that by proper management the Bank might be enabled , without risk , to pay in specie in a much shorter time than was generally supposed . But it was absolutely necessary that some steps should be taken to restore that sound and healthy state of circulation , without which the credit of the country could not long be maintained , and to place the paper currency of the country upon its only sure and certain basis , that of gold . could not allow the question to pass without observing upon some of the statements of the noble lord . The value of the gold coin of this country was not to be estimated according to its weight in gold , but according to the value fixed upon it by the reigning sovereign of the country . The value of bank notes , as for every purpose of internal negociation , he contended , was by the general consent of the country declared not to be depreciated . There were no persons out of that House who had expressed their 1114 opinion , that the conduct of the noble lord who had given rise to this Bill , was so far proper that they themselves would wish to follow his example ; and their not following it was a proof that they did not think any depreciation of our Bank paper had taken place . , in explanation , thought it was not fair to judge what the opinions of noble lords , or of any other persons , must be , from their following or not following the example of lord King . If every person who agreed that there was a depreciation of paper were to follow the line of conduct suggested by his noble friend ( lord King ) , he suspected the noble Secretary of State would find the present Bill a less effectual measure than he now supposed it . The noble lord was bound to take them as they preached , not as they practised . strongly sopported the opinions he