prayer of the petition . He prefaced his motion with speeches of such force in argument , and such power in eloquence , that so long as they exist , Tythes must be considered a grievance , and the plan for redressing it simple and practicable . In the year 1799 , Mr. Pitt , of whose principles the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer professes himself to be the strenuous advocate , when he Wishes to give to his administration the aid of Mr. Pitt 's authority , said in his speech on the Union , that Tythes in Ireland were a great practical evil . The administration that preceded the present implicitly avowed themselves to be friends of an alteration of the Tythes in Ireland ; and the right hon . gent . himself has contributed very materially to raise the expectation of the people by the promise which he made when the Petitions were presented to the House three years ago . So that in point of fact , there is no ground whatever of imputing to me , or those who act with me , the charge which had been made . Let the fate , Sir , of my motion be what it may , I wish to take this opportunity of assuring the House that I will very early in the next session bring this subject before the House . I trust that the people of Ireland will take the opportunity the recess will afford them of making their sentiments more fully known . If they do—if all the Irish counties come forward and give to their friends in parliament the advantage of the public declaration of their opinion , I , for my own part , can feel no doubt of their efforts being completely successful . I beg leave to move , `` That this House will , early in the next session 580 of parliament , take into its consideration the Collection of Tythes in Ireland . '' said , that having long considered this question as one most important to the tranquillity of Ireland , and one that was called for by the general policy and expediency of the country , he therefore rose merely to second the motion . said , that from the manner in which the hon . gentleman had brought forward this motion , he should have been extremely happy had he been able to give it his support . He had , during the recess of parliament , inquired into the subject ; but the more he had investigated it , the more he was convinced of the impossibility of adopting any measure to remedy the evil complained of . Both he and his right hon . friend near him had been anxious to suggest some feasible plan for that purpose the moment he came into office . It had been a subject which had been frequently agitated by some of the most enlightened statesmen , and amongst others by Mr. Grattan , and yet none of them had ever been able to suggest a plan that could have the desired effect . Knowing the great weight which that right hon . gent . possessed in Ireland , it was certainly extraordinary that he could not so much as induce the Irish parliament even to discuss the Bill he proposed upon this very subject . Even the hon . gent . who now made this motion , although he had read all the books end pamphlets that had been published upon the subject , had not been able to suggest a plan . He himself did not , at first , perceive the difficulty that existed ; but he had now formed the opinion , that there was no plan that could be adopted that would not place the people of Ireland in a worse situation , in regard to tythes , than they at present were . It was easy to talk of theories , but he might here observe , that tythes , so far from being an additional tax upon the landholders , were of the nature of an original