There were instances of merchants having drawn bills on their correspondents , who were known to be solvent , which were ultimately returned on the drawer from there being no way of escaping the tyranny which prevailed on the continent of Europe . These deductions were to be made from the profits of our exports , and these might account for the country being drained of its gold ; as while this system was acted upon by the enemy our merchants were religiously scrupulous in making their payments good . Could any man , after this statement , be surprized at the state of the exchanges , or wonder at the absence of gold . It had been proposed to establish a new Bank , but the party who suggested this idea had also proposed that it should not be obliged to make its payments in gold . He saw no advantages likely to result from such an establishment . After the investigation which had taken place into the affairs of the Bank in 1797 , when it had been found there was in the possession of the company a surplus of fifteen millions above what they held in trust for the public , he thought the Bank a safer deposit for the money and paper of individuals than any other that could be named . The paper circulation was better left in the hands of the Bank company , than placed at the disposal of any other body . The unfunded debt had been spoken of as becoming most injurious to the country . He had to state , that the interest of it was now three- 1088 pence farthing a day . Some time ago , it was three-pence halfpenny . From this it would be seen that that was not becoming a very heavy burden . It was obvious that the ruler of France now directed his greatest efforts against our finances . Thus situated , no one thing could be so injurious to the country as neglecting to keep up the credit of our paper . How far this would be done by the present Bill he did not know ; but that it would have that effect in a considerable degree he had no doubt , and with this feeling he heartily concurred in the measure . said , that while he agreed in certain points with those who supported the present bill , and concurred in others with those who opposed it , there were at the same time , other views of the question in which he had the misfortune to differ from both sides ; and first , he was ready to admit that while such apprehensions were afloat in the public mind in consequence of the conduct that led to this discussion , the government must have felt the adoption of some expedient to prevent great general distress and confusion indispensibly necessary . Of the conduct that compelled the government to resort to such an expedient he was willing to say little , but this much he could not well avoid saying , that of alt others he should have least expected , that a noble lord of the high rank , finished education , and just pretensions of lord King , would have thought it wise and fit-to resort to such an experiment . He was ready to make every allowance for the good intentions of the noble lord , but the noble lord was bound to have reflected that a variety of persons in an humbler sphere of life , and whose sole motive was the sordid one of gain , might be glad hereafter to shelter themselves under the high authority of the noble lord , and push his example to the extent of a mischievous and criminal abuse of it . Such men might talk very profusely about political economy , while they had nothing else but private emolument in view . Under such circumstances , therefore , it became the bounden duty of the government to do something , and so far he agreed with the supporters of the bill ; but when these gentlemen would