subject of the most important description , yet for the convenience of his friends and of the House , he had agreed to postpone his motion . It was with great inconvenience to himself that he did so , as he was under the necessity of going to the country immediately , on business that could not be neglected . If he had brought it on that night , however , he was aware that the House , after the tedious and interesting discussions in which they bad for some time been engaged , would hardly have been able to attend to the subject of his motion , in a way suitable to its importance . With the leave of the House , therefore , he would withdraw his motion for the present . He could not exactly fix a day for bringing it on ; but he hoped to be able to do so early in the ensuing month . said he rose , in pursuance , of the notice he gave a few days ago , to move fop leave to bring in a Bill to ap- 147 point Commissioners of public classical education in Ireland , and for the regulation of several endowed grammar schools . With the permission of the House , he would trespass for a few moments upon their time , while he explained the nature and object of a Bill which he meant to propose . In the year 1806 , Commissioners were appointed in Ireland for the purpose of inquiring into the state of the different place of public education in Ireland , and into their funds . This was a revival of a former Commission , and under the law , the lord lieutenant had the power of appointing six Commissioners , five of them taken from the Commissioners of Charitable Bequests . These Commissioners had made reports upon the state of the schools , they haying sat since the year 1806 , and paid the utmost attention to the subject , They had given no less than eleven different reports upon the state of the following schools , namely , the free schools upon the royal foundation , those instituted by private individuals , the Protestant Charter schools , the free schools under the act of queen Elizabeth , Wilson 's hospital , the Blue coat school , the Hibernian school , the Foundling hospital , Erasmus Smyth 's school , the Hibernian Marine school , and also the Parish schools Those who had looked at those reports would full that they embraced a great variety of objects of the utmost importance , and that they stated the extreme difficulty the Commissioners found in determining how to arrange them . The Commissioners had recommended the adoption of various alterations , but they had at the same time left it open to Parliament to decide upon the best mode of proceeding , Upon receiving these reports , the best method appeared to be to collect all the suggestions of the Commissioners together , and to frame from them the skeleton of an act of Parliament . After they were embodied into-the shape of an act , it was transmitted to the Commissioners for Education , and they were desired to make alterations , if necessary . They accordingly returned it in the shape in which the should now take the liberty of submitting it to the House . But upon a subject of such importance he felt it also to be his duty to put the House in possession of the ideas of the Commissioners , and then let the whole matter lay over till next session in order that the most ample time might be given for the consideration of a subject of such immense importance . It would , 148 however be necessary for him to state the general outline of the Bill , as it came from the Commissioners , and the view with which it had been framed . It appeared that it would be extremely desirable that there should be some mode adopted in order to bring these various institutions under some set of persons competent