this time , held in public estimation to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , and generally accepted as such in ail pecuniary transactions to which such coin is lawfully applicable . '' said , that those who had 895 opposed the present Bill , seemed to look upon it merely in the light of an abstract question ; but the question was not whether or not , generally speaking , this was a desirable Bill , but whether the situation of the country was such as to render such a measure necessary . What would they propose as a remedy for the present difficulties ? It was not enough to state that the country would be in an unfortunate situation on account of the forced paper circulation ; because until parliament should find an adequate remedy for the evil , that situation was absolutely necessary . The situation in which we were now placed , was no other than that in which we had uniformly been ever since the year 1797 . The circulation of the country rested on no other security but a combination of wealthy individuals in the country ; and the general good faith among individuals held the place of compulsion . He would not say whether lord King was blameable or not in agitating the present question ; but this he would say , that nothing could be more honourable to the country at large than that no person , under any temptation , had yet ventured to refuse the notes of the Bank of England . This , indeed , shewed a high spirit of patriotism in the country at large . But if the country was aware of any individual of large landed property refusing to take those notes at their established value , the situation of things was altered . His own opinion was , that Bank of England notes ought to be made a legal tender at once . He thought the simple legal tender would be more efficient than the provisions of the present Bill ; but if he hesitated as to this measure at present , it was because he thought that preparatory to it some security should be taken by parliament , that the Bank issues should not exceed a certain quantity , that the country might have something to look to . He did not believe that there was a disposition in the Bank to over-issue ; he believed that their disposition lay the other way ; but he thought it was not proper to leave this subject to their discretion , and that some limitation should take place by authority of that House , that the public might not be ex-posed to suffer from the mere will of any set of men.—Another thing which , he thought , ought to take place preparatory to the legal tender , which if not introduced in this , ought to be introduced in the next session of parliament , was , that some pledge should be given by that House respecting 896 the expenditure of the country , because a limitation of the issue of paper would have a tendency to embarrass the government , if they continued to act upon their present system . There were therefore , two points , which , he thought , ought to be attended to first , that proper security should be taken against the over-issues of the Bank ; and , secondly , that some measures should be taken to prevent the contraction of the issues from obstructing the wheels of government . When he talked of the limitation of the issues , he did not mean to say that they ought to be less than the present amount , but that they ought to be limited not to exceed a certain amount . The paper currency of the country was essentially connected with the public debt . The profuse expenditure of the country which had been going on both before and since the restriction , depended upon the restriction , and must be put a stop to if the restriction was to be put an end to