, which was intended for his benefit , he was obliged to assume a two fold character ; whereas by the former act he was only called on in one capacity . This was a state of the law which , he conceived , required alteration , and should not be permitted to remain . rose and said , that he should not think it necessary to go at any length into a statement of those claims , which had already been very folly discussed . In the year 1808 , after a very ample discussion , the House had recognized the claims of Mr. Palmer ( his father ) , to the per centage originally granted him on the improve- 256 ement of the revenues of the Post-office . A resolution had been actually passed in the Committee , for a grant to him of 54,702l . on account of this claim . But at the close of the session , the Chancellor of the Exchequer prevailed upon the House to withdraw that grant from the Appropriation Act . In the following session an Address was voted to the crown , praying that the claim might be tried , as a question of law , on its own merits . This was a course with which Mr. Palmer would have been perfectly contented ; but he was informed by his counsel , that there were difficulties in the case , and that the Address of the House was not binding on the court of law so as to have the claim tried entirely on its merits . Under these circumstances he was obliged again to appeal to the House , to carry its own Resolutions into effect . The course that he should now take would be to move for an humble Address to the Prince Regent , praying him to grant the said sum of 54,702l . pursuant to the resolution of the Committee , and assuring him that the House would make , good the same He was aware that there might be some objection to this in point of form . It was usual in applications for money to present a petition , which required the consent of the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the part of the Crown . The present case was , however , differently circumstanced . This was not a first application , but it was an appeal to the House to carry their own resolution into effect . When the House resolved on paying the debts of Mr. Pitt this was the course taken by them . They addressed his Majesty to grant the money , and promised to make it good . If the House judged that a proper course , in order to get the debts of another individual paid , he thought they could have no objection to taking the same course , in order to pay a debt recognized by themselves to be due from the country to Mr. Palmer . He concluded by moving , '' That an humble Ad-dress be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , humbly to beseech his royal highness to advance to John Palmer , esq . the sum of £ . 54,702 . 0s . 7d . being the balance due to him on the net revenue of the Post Office , from the 5th day of April 1793 to the 5th day of January 1808 , and to assure his royal highness that this House will make good the same . '' said , that before he entered-into the subject , he must free himself from the imputation of having been always disinclined to the claims of Mr. Palmer . In 257 the year 1784 , he thought it his duty to give every assistance to the plan , and was at that time in the habits of friendship with Mr. Palmer . Mr. Pitt was so far from wishing to deal harshly with Mr. Palmer , that when the dispute first broke out between the Postmaster-general , and him , the Postmaster-general ( lord Walsingham ) actually conceived for three days , that he himself was