applicable to paper . The act of parliament , which in 1797 laid the restriction on the Bank , made paper the same as gold , with respect to debts and public credit ; and , whether the legislature were right or wrong in that measure , he thought that having said so , it how became the duty of parliament to protect the people in what had been done . Coin had been some how or other driven from the country ; and if tenants could not get gold to pay their rents , they must be protected from being forced out of their farms , for not being able to effect impossibilities . The plan proposed by the Bill was , that bank-notes should be protected from depreciation , as gold was by the statute of Edward 6 , that no man shall be compelled to take such notes ; but if they did take them , it should not be for less than a pound . He did not think the words of the Bill would have that effect ; yet the state of things required that some provision should be made against the existing difficulties and inconveniences , and he should therefore give his support to the Bill . rose and said : My Lords , in addressing you on this occasion , it is painful to me to observe , that I can not remember in the course of my life to have ever seen the ministers of this country placed 822 in so disgraceful a situation as that in which they appear this night . Whatever may be the variety of opinions entertained upon this subject by different persons there is no man in the community who does not feel that this is by far the most important question in the whole circle of the political interests of the empire . I know that the House of Commons has already , by coming to certain Resolutions , expressed their belief that by so resolving , they had set this question entirely at rest . If the dangers , indeed , which being set before the view of that House , were intended to be counteracted by these Resolutions , had been purely visionary , the object had been perhaps accomplished . But if , on the contrary , we have now a practical test of the reality of the danger—if the predictions of those who pointed it out have been since completely verified—if in every day , and every succeeding hour , the evil is increasing—we have a manifestation of the futility of the supposition that the vole of the House of Commons would put a period to the discussion . I did not feel disappointment , my Lords , for it was what I expected , though I confess it was with a sentiment of indignation that I found only one of his Majesty 's ministers rise on this occasion ; and that he , declining all enquiry , all examination into the state of the alledged depreciation of the currency , should confine his whole answer to an attack on the private conduct of my noble friend . Provided men sinned not against the laws—provided they made the laws the rule of their conduct—it was an ancient maxim of wholesome government to permit them to act , under all circumstances , by their own discretion , and not to interfere in any manner , by regulations of any kind , or authority of any description , to debar them from the right of exercising their free and unbiassed judgment . It was left to the period of the French Revolution , it was left for Robespiere , for the Jacobin Club , and for the present ministers , to pronounce upon the private actions of individuals , and to determine whether they deserved the character of civism or incivism . My Lords , if men are to be governed by rules , those rules ought to be clearly expressed and generally understood , not left to the interpretation of political parties . In alluding to my noble friend and relation ( lord