of a want of fairness towards that assembly , but acted most insidiously . I can not suppose them guilty of a conduct so unworthy ; nor will it be believed by the judges of the land , when this question shall be argued in Westminster hall , that the guardians of property in another assembly , —that we , whose regard to its sacred principles is such , that we suffer not the minutest right of common , founded on the occupancy of the lowliest cottage , to be affected , but after due notice , —that the parliament of Great Britain , tacitly , and insidiously , repealed the contract by which currency was given to twelve millions , in the notes of private bankers ; —a contract solemnly and deliberately prescribed by parliament , as affording the only remedy against a misuse of the privilege it granted . As to the other clauses of the Bill by which it is attempted to make things unequal in value , reciprocally exchange able , I will not hesitate to say that it is a violation of natural right . Upon what principle , are we now to prohibit the possessors of paper and gold from inter changing their several properties , on any terms which are mutually beneficial ? Is it just to pervert the law to such a purpose ? or , even if it were just , is our authority competent to accomplish our object ? What has been the experience derived from all legal interference with the interchange of property ? What is the result of the existing law for prohibiting the exportation of specie , and other laws of the same description ? Have they proved effectual in any one instance ? So many cases have been put by different gentlemen in the course of the debate ; and the experience of all ages , on this subject , has been so uniform , that even the authors of the law can not indulge a hope , that it will be effectual . If circumstances render it advantageous or necessary , that parties should exchange their several properties , exchanges must and will take place in spite of all our efforts ; and the only consequence will be , to add to the cost of the exchange , resulting from the several values of the commodities exchanged , the additional expense , which is to compensate for the danger of being engaged in a violation of the law . I entreat my hon . friends to consider the case 1044 stated on the last discussion , in respect of silver . To supply the want of silver currency , issues of dollars have been made , first at 5s. , and lately at 5s . 6d . ; they have vanished from circulation , in proportion as bank-notes have depreciated . By the progress of the disease , the silver tokens lately coined , will become more valuable in their metallic state , than in the shape of coin , and , like the rest , will speedily '' , disappear . The same scarcity of silver , as has lately existed , will recur ; and , as the business of a banker can not be conducted without silver change , he must give a premium for it , correspondent to its advance in value compared with notes , and an increased compensation to those who incur the legal dangers of conducting the barter . I can not suppose , that my hon . friends seriously hope , that this Bill will support the value of the paper currency ; but it is expected , that by giving a parliamentary discountenance to the measure now adopted by lord King , of demanding payment in specie , the general adoption of the practice will be prevented.—Vain and delusive hope ! much as I condemn the abuse which has been heaped upon that nobleman , I should be disposed to add to it in an aggravated degree , if , after deliberately engaging in a question of such importance , he should meanly shrink from bringing