the paper currency . He did not admit that there was any such depreciation . He did not pretend to say that this might not be the case ; but he denied that it was so at present . He agreed that a depreciation of paper currency might very well arise , as for instance , in the assignats of France , as he 865 had mentioned in his letter to the Lord Chancellor . These representatives of a circulating medium were said even to have been forged in this country ; there was little doubt , that , from whatever cause they arose , France was deluged with them ; and ministers had been pretty roundly accused of having encouraged the forging of them . The cause of this depreciation was , that there were there no book-entries , as he proposed . The relation between the two things would not then be changed . The Bank-notes would stand as against corn or sheep ; or , supposing that there was no money , there would then be a barter of one against the other . The position of the noble lords , therefore , on this subject were all founded on error , or mistake . He had pricked up his ears with great expectation , in hopes of hearing the promised remedy of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) , but be thought it had all ended in a long parenthesis . At length came out a recommendation for us to get out step by step , and this , too , from measures , of which his noble friend himself was one of the advisers . His noble friend claimed great credit for his patriotism . He was inclined to give him credit for it to its full extent ; and for this reason , because his noble friend , and those who went with him , commonly agreed with him ( lord Stanhope ) . Here , however , he thought they resembled a set of merchants , who wished to sell their guinea for 27s . and yet to say that they did so as patriots , and purely for the good of their country . He had been a good deal astonished at what had fallen on a former evening from a noble earl ( Grey ) , when he supposed a time when the country would be under an impossibility to perform its engagements . It was , no doubt , very alarming to be told that a time might come when public credit might be affected , and still more to be told this by persons likely at some future day to become ministers of the country . This was an event which ought never to be supposed , as it ought never to occur . wished to put the noble earl ill mind that the expressions he had made use of on a former evening were made under certain qualifications , which were essential to a proper understanding of them . No person could state more highly than he had done the obligation of faith and justice towards the public creditors . He had merely stated , that if ever the time 866 should come , and it was impossible not to deprecate that calamity—if ever there should exist any danger that this country would not adhere to good faith of every description , it would be in consequence of the measures of the noble lord . It was proper to give his statement as he himself had made it . said there was no need for the noble earl to add any thing on the subject . According to any definition , the possibility which the noble earl had supposed , was a thing which was impossible . There was no case in which the engagements to the public creditor ought not to be performed . He would even go to the depreciation which the noble carl had supposed , of 90 per cent . ; and here he wished their lordships to observe , that what was due to the public creditor was only a proportion of