years , the public money ) remaining in his hands amounted to 200,000l . on the average yearly . Now , the right hon . gent . had called his noble friend and some others `` Jews and pedlars ; '' might not the same appellation be liable to fail upon lord Arden ? might be not have laid out in Bank stock the 200,000l.— ( Cries of Order , order ! ( Why when the right hon . gent . was talking of lord King , who was only making the best use of his own property , which he had the right of doing , he was complimented with the title of Jew , and was it unreasonable to suppose that lord Arden could not be as gallant a defender of his property as my lord King ? If the right hon . gent. , by the term `` Jew '' meant a vigilant guardian , it might be fairly said , from what was to be found in the Report of the Committee , that the lord of the Bed Chamber , and the Bank 1005 proprietor had as firm an attachment to his own interests as my lord King . The honourable gentleman then moved `` That it appears to this House that in consequence of an act passed in the 37th year of his Majesty , for protecting the Bank of England from payment of its lawful creditors in specie , the profits of that corporation have increased to an enormous degree ; that besides increasing the dividend upon their capital stock from 7 to 10 percent . they have at different times divided amongst themselves , in the way of bonus , upwards of of six millions of money , being more than one half of their capital stock ; and that in addition to such profits , their capital stock has , by the advantages of increased issues of their paper , and non-payment of their creditors , been increased from 118l . per hundred to 236l . ; that , under such circumstances a Bill is now pending in this House , giving a legal value in the coin of this realm to the notes to be issued by such Bank , However indefinite such issues may be , and protected as the Bank still is from payment of its creditors by means whereof the issues of notes , and the profits of the Bank may be even still further and greatly increased ; that various members of this House are members , likewise , of the said corporation of the Bank , and proprietors of Bank stock ; and that this House is of opinion such members have a direct interest in passing this bill into a law , and that their votes in favour of the same ought to be disallowed . '' being particularly alluded to by the hon . gent. , hoped he should be excused in troubling the House . The hon . gent . had by name referred to him as the member who in 1797 applied to the Speaker for advice . The fact was so , and he had no intention of correcting it . There was not , however , the least similitude between the two cases . In 1797 on the proposal of the then Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Pitt , a bonus was granted to the subscribers to the loyalty loan . Feeling that if he had given his vote for the Bill , he should have been voting 1,000l . perhaps , into his own pocket , he was anxious , before he came to the vote , to satisfy his mind , and to do justice as a member of parliament , and upon the opinion being given by the Speaker , he did not vote . With respect to the present Bill , the hon . gent . had not stated any ground of distinct interest to disqualify him from voting , and he must deny the existence either in 1006 Bank director or Bank proprietor . They would not be benefited by the passing of