he had felt it his duty not to allow the House of Commons to separate without giving the right hon . gent . opposite an opportunity of making a similar declaration ; and with respect to the individual who was the immediate object of these abominable doc trines , was it to be believed that Providence , who , for inscrutable purposes , had raised up that extraordinary man , had led him in safety through dangers of every description , who had preserved him in the field of battle , and who had shielded him from the knife of the assassin—was it to be believed that Providence would allow its object to be frustrated by the puny efforts of such short sighted beings , whose projects would be as fruitless as they were criminal ? He trusted that he should hear a distinct disavowal of doctrines , in which was involved the safety of every crowned head in Europe . declered , that if the hon . gent , thought it necessary for any one of his Majesty 's ministers , by a disavowal of the publications which had been described , to clear himself from the implication of the criminality attached to them , he was very glad that an opportunity had been afforded him for making such a disavowal ; but he did trust that the hon . gent . had shewn more than necessary anxiety on the subject . He had no hesitation instating that he could not conceive the existence of any circumstances which would justify the promulgation of sentiments , such as had been described . He perfectly agreed with the hon . gent. , that putting out of the question the divine prohibition of murder , those who were disposed to have recourse to such means of hostility , would find them injurious rather 781 than beneficial to their cause . Were such a system established , it would involve the world in calamities greater than any by which it had yet been afflicted . He also perfectly agreed with the hon . gent. , that when Providence distinctly assumed the direction of great events , for ultimate purposes unknown and incomprehensible , no short-sighted human effort could retard their progress ; but this sentiment ought to be well guarded , and ought not to be permitted in its operation to prevent our resistance to immediate evil . Even if it were declared by Omniscience , that the plans of Buonaparté would be and must be finally executed , yet if they could not be carried into execution without a violation of rights which ought to be defended , it was our duty to make an effort to defend them , however hopeless . Nothing could be more dangerous than to misapply the truth , that all events were under the direction of Providence . It was in the defence of liberty against oppression , that human virtue was most eminently displayed ; and those who perished in such a sacred cause , perished gloriously , and not without reward . Irresistible as the course of Buonaparté had hitherto appeared to be , if we indeed thought that Providence superintended human events , we must be convinced that in that course he would yet be checked . This country might be chosen as the instrument of arresting his mighty progress—of deducing good out of the evil which had hitherto existed . What was there , he would ask , in the march of Buonaparté , which ought to induce us to suppose that his ultimate success was irresistibly decreed by Providence ? Let this country look to its own exertions , and say whether the success of those exertions had not been as extraordinary as the success of the exertions of the enemy . If it were declared that a superintending Providence had given to France the dominion of the land , it roust also be declared that the same superintending Providence had given to Great Britain the dominion of the sea . The future presented cheerful as well as grave subjects for contemplation . Whatever might be the result , however ,