upon his argument : I mean the King 's power of giving currency to foreign coin within his own dominions . Now one of the plainest illustrations of the actual depreciation of our paper currency has been derived from the change which has been recently made in the current value of the dollar . ' `` The King , '' says Mr. Justice Black-stone in the same part of his work to which I have already referred , `` may also , by his proclamation , legitimate foreign coin , and make it current here ; declaring at what value it shall be taken in payments . But this , I apprehend , ought to be by comparison with the standard of our own coin ; otherwise the consent of Parliament will be necessary. `` This great prerogative , '' says lord Liverpool in his Letter to the King , which the kings of this realm have immemorially enjoyed and exercised , of giving currency to the coins made at their mint , and sometimes to foreign coins , at a determinate rate or value , and of enhancing and debasing them at their pleasure , is of so important and delicate a nature , and the justice and honour of the Sovereign , as well as the interests of the people , are so deeply concerned in it , that it ought to be exercised with the greatest judgment and discretion . '' We here see the limitations in point of law , which , in the opinion of so able a lawyer as Blackstone , —and those in point of prudence and discretion which in the opinion of so profound a practical statesman as the late earl of Liverpool , —would have governed the exercise of-the prerogative of the crown in giving currency to the dollar . Have these limitations , has this caution , been observed in fixing the rate at which the dollar now circulates ? The intrinsic value of the dollar `` by comparison with the standard of our own coin , '' —as compared for example with the British crown piece , is nearly in the proportion of nine to ten . The current rate at which the dollar circulates , as compared with the crown piece , is now in the proportion of eleven to ten . By what authority hag so strange an anomaly been introduced into our money system—an anomaly which , according to Blackstone , the crown in the exercise of its prerogative is bound to avoid . By an 104 ordinance of the Bank . The prerogative of the crown , we have seen , might have given currency to the dollar : but it could only have done so at a rate proportionate to its intrinsic value , as compared with the standard of the realm ; or for any deviation from that standard it must have obtained the concurrence of Parliament . But the thing is done . It is one of the main features of our present system . It makes one of the grounds of the complaint which the right hon . gent , proposes to answer by the authoritative language of his first Resolution . And how does he answer it ? By referring to the prerogative of the crown as the authority by which alone the currency can be regulated ; and yet omitting altogether a part of that prerogative , so essential to the present subject , a the power of giving currency to foreign coin ! He omits it—Why ? —Evidently because he could not state it , without acknowledging at the same time that the rules by which the exercise of that part of the prerogative has always been governed , have been entirely neglected in the issue of the dollar at its present rate ; and because he could not make that acknowledgment without avowing the depreciation of our currency . Before the late ordinance of the Bank , nine crown pieces would have exchanged for ten dollars . Now ten dollars can not be had for less than eleven crowns . If this be not depreciation , what