ten , to fifteen or twenty ? Under such Circumstances , if government , from temporary motives , refuses to remedy a disease so fatally progressive in its nature , 1058 and avows its determination to persevere , —is it unbecoming a man of high rank and irreproachable character , raised above the suspicion of mercenary motives , to proclaim the wrong he feels , and to appeal to the laws of his country to remedy an evil which can be resisted only in its incipient stages ? For be it always remembered , that , if we shall persevere in this system , and depreciation shall increase , it will be impossible to retrace our steps : the hardship of compelling the fulfilment , in metallic value , of contracts which have been formed at periods of depreciation , being no less apparent , than to suffer a debtor to discharge , by depreciated paper , an obligation contracted when the real was correspondent with the nominal value of money . Let us not deceive ourselves : let us not fortify each other id error , by reviling the man who recalls us to a dispassionate consideration of this subject by ah appeal to the judges of the land , to that tribunal which is exempt front passion and prejudice . Does or does not depreciation exist ? Is the true test by which the conduct of lord King must be judged . If depreciation does not exist , he has erred greatly : but if depreciation does exist , and to a considerable extent , then is he the defender of the rights of the public creditor , and all other persons enjoying fixed incomes , as payment to them in a depreciated currency has ever been acknowledged to be a most manifest in justice . And now to the question of depreciation , to which I should have addressed myself in an earlier stage , had I conceived that it would still , have been denied . I despair however of convincing any man who is not already satisfied . Have not two years : now elapsed , since the exchanges with , all foreign countries have been depressed , below their usual level , to the amount of 20 per cent ? Do not the precious metals , compared with Bank-notes , bear the same relative increase of value ? Has it not been stated , that , in Jersey , the guinea exchanged for twenty-five livres , and the Louis d'or for twenty-four livres ; that the Jersey Bank-note for a Louis payable in specie exchanged for twenty-four livers and that the English Bank-note exchanged only for twenty livres ? Is it not acknowledged even by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the precious metals are more valuable than paper under certain circumstances ? and if more valuable for any supposed purpose , must not that alone 1059 give them a value in the general estimation beyond paper , which is not so applicable ? But will the evidence , resulting from the late issue of Bank-tokens , likewise be denied ? The whole can not be be greater or more valuable than the parts of which it is composed ; three notes of one pound each can not be more valuable than twenty three-shilling pieces of the new currency ; and these twenty three-shilling pieces actually contain something less than the same quantity of standard silver , as was contained in twenty half-crowns . Suppose the Bank-notes for twenty-three millions , now in circulation , annihilated , and the same represented by a proportionate number of three shilling pieces , would gentlemen then assert that our currency was not depreciated ? The same quantity of silver as was contained in fifty shillings would represent sixty shillings , and would any one deny that the denomination of our standard was raised , which is precisely the same thing ? But really in discussing this question , gentlemen of the gravest character , and enjoying the highest authority in the House , for accuracy , and acquaintance with subjects of this nature , seem to