would therefore move , That on Thursday next it should resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to consider the state of the Nation . had no hesitation in saying , that if the honourable gentleman meant to propose permanent means for supplying any occasional incapacity in the executive in future , nothing was more inexpedient , nothing more improper . If any period was proper for this , it was not surely that in which the crown was incapacitated . He would , indeed , go farther , and say , that it was improper , prospectively , at any time to lay down rules for every future recurrence , and that it was better that parliament should leave the consideration of the question to the government , that it might establish a remedy itself . The farthest that he should be inclined to go , would be a provision for parliament to meet within a given time after the recurrence . This , in his opinion , was the utmost extent to which it was proper to go . But if it was thought that the provisions to be adopted , might vary infinitely according to the existing circumstances , it would be vain to think of anticipating all those circumstances so as prospectively to establish a government fitted to each particular case . He thought that the country bad had enough of experience already , and that whatever regulation future circumstances might make it necessary to adopt , might be effected with very slight variations from the plans already acted upon . All the details , however , could not be foreseen . With this view of the subject be should think that parliament could not entertain the present motion . If any such regulations as regarded the future , and intended to be permanent , were even to be made , surely it was not a time when the crown was incapacitated that they were to be made . It was necessary to have the superintendance of the crown to watch over its own interests.—The House Would expect that 552 he should take some notice of the report mentioned by the hon . gent . relative to the division of opinions in her Majesty 's council on the subject of his Majesty 's recovery . He did not know that such divicions had never occurred . They might have happened . But he had never heard that any member of the council had ever thought his Majesty in a situation to resume the government . Upon that subject , however , he must say , that he had not the means of stating precisely the opinions of the members of the council on the subject , except in so far as they had been stated in conversation from time to time ; but he could say he had never been able to learn from them that any diversity of opinion had ever prevailed on this subject . No doubt some of them might entertain more sanguine expectations than others of his Majesty 's speedy recovery ; but that any one held that that complete recovery had arrived , he had never yet heard.—But to return to the subject before them : if parliament was required to meet within a certain time after the recurrence , that provision was a sufficient security . The hon . gent . had said , that parliament possessed no security against their being prorogued . Undoubtedly they did not possess any . He thought it rather extravagant , however , to suppose that any one should presume to intercept the royal authority before the meeting of parliament . If parliament were to meet , then , no doubt , different opinions might be entertained as , to the length of its duration . He had been supposed a minister possessed of a degree of hardihood which no minister before him ever possessed : but this interception was supposing a degree of hardihood which no minister would presume to take upon him.—With respect to the supposed difficulties which would arise from the want of this permanent provision , as