true : long experience evinced it . What he advocated when he urged their lordships to sanction the Bills in question , was not the cause of theory or speculation ; It was founded in recorded facts—in the annals of the criminal jurisprudence of the country . In point of fact , the practice of the law in these respects was against the letter of the law : and the subject solved itself into the question , whether the terror of punishment or the certainty of punishment was the more likely to deter from the com-mission of crimes ? The unfavourable operation of the present rigorous enactments existed in more ways than could be evidently ascertainable . It was not only the difficulty of obtaining convictions on prosecutions in courts of justice that was to be considered , but the numbers who were deterred from the prosecution of offenders , lest they should endanger the life of a fellow-creature , for the value of the paltry sum of five shillings , or even of forty shillings . That numbers were so deterred , he had a right to assume in argument , from those circumstances which were of daily and evident notoriety . Nor was even this the worst . Juries had been known to incur the crime of perjury rather than commit the culprit before them to the hazard of capital punishment . There happened a case in which the charge was the stealing of a 10l . bank note . This the jury , in the warmth of their humane feelings , thought proper to reduce in their verdict , to a nominal value below 40s . whereas in justice the verdict should have 298 been that the prisoner had stolen the bank note , or had not stolen it . And it was before them in authentic statements , that out of 1800 persons who were tried for the offences specified , in the Bills in question , not above one in seven years had been executed . It was admitted on all hands , it was notorious , that the commissions of these offences were progressively increasing ; and the generally assigned cause was the extreme rigour of the existing law in these respects . Even the officers of the customs and the excise had expressly stated their opinions , that , in the case of the revenue laws , the severity of the punishments prescribed , eventually caused an increase of the offences , and they recommended a relaxation on that ground . The consequence of the present state of the law , by diminishing the chances of punishment , or even conviction , was an increase of the offences ; and this view of the question alone , were there no other , should be sufficient to induce the legislature to modify and relax the rigour of the law . It might be urged against him , that generally in cases of conviction the law was not executed to the extent , but mercifully administered . But this was the mere exercise of a discretionary power ; and he was un-willing to vest , in such frequent instances , a power over the lives of their fellow creatures , in any individuals , however highly he might respect them . It was a power which should be confided to them only in cases of extreme necessity . He did not lay much stress upon what was done in these respects in despotic countries ; in Russia , for instance , where the punishment of death was said to be abolished , because in such countries the whole system of the law depended upon the will of one , or of a very few individuals . The principle upon which the legislature should proceed , in free countries , was widely different . Pressing his line of argument for relaxing the severity of the law , the noble lord contended , that it eventually operated as an inducement to the commission of offences , inasmuch as every commutation of the punishment from death to transportation , was regarded by the convicted as a species of