Bill , which he trusted his noble friend would persevere in till it should be 429 made unexceptionable , and passed into a law . He had not extended his present Bill to Ireland , on account of the different practices of the courts in that kingdom , but would propose a separate Bill for that country to the same effect.—The noble earl then moved the first reading of the Bill , and then introduced the Bill for Ireland , both of which were ordered to be printed , and to be read a second time on Friday . presented the Report of the Committee on this Bill , which was ordered to be taken into consideration , on Monday next . gave notice , that it was his intention to move for the recommitment of the Bill on that day , and took that opportunity to make a few observations respecting the proposed erection . The bridge proposed to be erected was to be of cast iron , and to consist of three arches , each of which would be double the breadth of Oxford-street . He knew such a thing was practicable , but he doubted of its efficacy according to the plan proposed . He wished the matter to be further investigated , and with that view , that the Bill should be recommitted . Mr. Rennie , the engineer on the occasion , had not been closely examined . He had not prepared the necessary calculations when he was before the Committee , and he thought an opportunity should be afforded for a further inquiry into the subject . spoke generally in approbation of the measure as then before the House . He had no objection to a recommitment of the Bill , if the noble earl thought it could be advantageous . The noble lord appeared to think favourably of the plan as proposed by Mr. Rennie , and seemed to say that it was sanctioned by the approbation of Dr. Hutton . spoke in explanation : enforced his former remarks , and observed , that Dr. Hutton , as an interested individual , could not regularly be examined before the Committee , but such was his high respect for Dr. Hutton , that whether he was interested or not , he should pay the greatest deference to his opinion . But he added , that were the scientific gentleman in question to be thoroughly examined , his sentiments would be found similar to those entertained by himself . was adverse to the measure in , oto : he begged their lordships 430 to recollect how much erections of that nature interrupt the navigation of the river Thames , the importance of which was too obvious to be insisted on . There were two bridges already in a course of erection on the river Thames , one near Vauxhall , the other between Westminster and Blackfriars Bridges , and he thought it would be preferable to wait until it should be seen how those bridges answered . report-ed from the Committee , to whom the petition of William Henry Mallison was referred , and who were empowered to report the same , with their observations and opinion thereupon , to the House , together with the Minutes of the Evidence taken before them ; That they had examined the matter of the petition ; and had directed him to report the same , with several resolution thereupon , to the House ; and the resolutions of the Committee were read as follows : Resolved , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee , That the application of cork , after the mode invented by Mr. Mallison , is effectual for the preservation of persons in the water ; and it appears from the evidence taken , that experiments have been made as well by persons who could swim as by those who could not , in the open sea and in rough water , and by one person in particular , a good swimmer , in a situation of uncommon peril , all of which have been quite successful . 2 . That