the adoption of the same principles , and when they had no proof that such a measure would be beneficial here , which had only been mischievous elsewhere . He understood that the amendments to the Bill , which it was intended to propose by noble Lords on the other side , would have all the effect of making the notes of the Bank of England a legal tender . His noble friend had , he thought , on a former evening , taken an erroneous view of the subject , when he stated , that the only objection to making Bank-notes a legal tender , was the impossibility of discovering whether or not they were forged . The objection to making a paper currency a legal tender was , that there was no security against an excessive issue , and therefore no security against depreciation . If horses were made a legal tender it was known that they could not be bred beyond a certain number ; if wool was made a legal tender it was known that it could not , be grown beyond a certain amount , but if paper were made a legal tender , there was no limit to its issue , and no one could tell to what amount it might be issued . Where was the security to be found ? they would be investing the directors of the Bank of England with a power of increasing to any amount the currency of the country , with a power which they had never en- 833 trusted to the ministers , of the crown—to those who were responsible to parliament for their conduct , —but which would now be entrusted to persons who were not responsible to the legislature or to the public . Was the security to be found in the discretion of the directors of the Bank of England ? Upon this point it was proved that those directors were completely at variance as to the effect produced by the issue of their paper currency , and therefore , of course , as to the amount to which it ought to be issued ? Was it to be found in the interests of the directors ? On the contrary , their interests were directly at variance with those of the public , they having a duty which they owed to their constituents , the body of proprietors , and which was quite incompatible with the interest of the public , as to the issue of a paper currency . If , then , they had no security either in the nature of the thing it self , or in the discretion , or the interests of those who were to be entrusted with the issue of this paper currency , how could they , upon any principle of policy , attempt to force the circulation of a currency under such circumstances , and with the example before them of other countries , in which such conduct had uniformly produced the most mischievous consequences ? —He was aware that great alarm had been excited , in consequence of what had been stated by his noble friend , and which had led him to propose this measure , and he admitted that it would not be expedient for parliament to separate with out adopting some measure.—But that measure ought to be , in his opinion , some recognition of those general principles upon which a safe and proper paper currency ought to rest , and not a Bill like the present , which must necessarily lead to other measures of the most destructive tendency . The good sense of the public had induced them to take the notes of the Bank of England at their nominal value , because they had the security that they might refuse them ; but if once the receiving them was rendered compulsory , there was no security against unlimited depreciation . It was impossible , therefore , he could consent to the present Bill . If however it was determinned to persist in it be should feel it his duty to propose a clause in the Committee ,