tried for his life ; and it was the opinion of the court who fried him that the man did not die from the gagging , but that the , lieutenant 's conduct was so far bad , that be was incapable ' of serving his Majesty , and he was accordingly dismissed the service . The man who was punished was a very bad character , riotous and dishonest , and when the ship was lying-in the Bay of Carlisle , got drunk , and was disorderly . The captain directed he should , be put in irons , and went on shore , leaving the ship under the command of lieutenant Richards . Soon after the man became riotous , and began to blaspheme his God and his King , and the service generally . The ship was a small one , and it was obvious , that when a man so conducted himself , it was necessary to pursue rigorous measures to enforce order and obedience , for it was impossible , as in society , on shore , to put a man of-that description 1031 away . The lieutenant accordingly ordered that he should be gagged , which was done , but he still persisted in his blasphemous conduct , and the first gag was taken out and another put in of a larger description , in doing which the officer certainly acted very improperly . Having put in this gag , the officer went a-shore , leaving the man with his hands tied behind him . There was another man near him in confinement , but no sentry over them ; the man was extremely intoxicated , and in the course of the afternoon he died . This was not a case in which the coroner could interfere , for the order was to take the man to the hospital . It was impossible , however , for the boat 's crew to row on shore , the wind setting in from the shore , and the body was so offensive . Under these circumstances , the body , which had been previously sewn up in a sack , was taken to the harbour and thrown into the sea . Lieutenant Richards was tried under these circumstances , and the court negatived the charge of supposed murder , by acquitting the prisoner of the death of the man . The House , therefore , he trusted would not be inclined to try him again , particularly , as in so doing they would be arraigning the proceedings of the court . The right hon . gent . had , as he before ob served , no objection to procure the sentence on which the hon . and learned gent , might take such measures as he thought proper . said be had been 37 years in the naval service of the country , 22 years of which he had been in actual service , and he had never on any one occasion seen gagging resorted to . stated that the vessel was a mile and a half from the shore at the time the circumstance occurred . A coroner 's jury , therefore , could have nothing to do in the matter . The sentence of the court martial proceeded on the narrative of having maturely weighed the whole circumstances of the case , and on that narrative found that there was no malice nor any intention on the part of lieutenant Richards to cause the death of the seaman , and therefore acquitted him of the charge of murder . After that , was the House to be told that no trial for murder had taken place ? stated several instances in ' which the admiralty had paid great attention to complaints brought before them . was of opinion , that although the discipline of some ships might 1032 be severe , yet that , generally speaking , more humanity could not be shewn than was exhibited in the navy . The naval service would be much better if the prisons of the country were not so frequently emptied into men of war .