The prisoners , as had been found on inquiry , were even more healthy than our Militia regiments . said , the right hon . gent . who spoke last had allowed abuses existed ; he did not know whether it was so or not , but he knew several officers of the navy of the highest character , who complained loudly that there were , and this was in his opinion good ground for granting the present motion . stated , that having complained to the Admiralty here of a grievance in being obliged to submit to exorbitant charges in the prosecution of a prize cause at Malta , the opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General and other lawyers , had been pat into his hands , purporting that his plan was to apply to the Judge at Malta . He wrote to the Judge accordingly , who referred him to the Proctor , as he did not choose to enter into private correspondence with suitors in causes before him . He then wrote to the Proctor , who sent for answer that it was unprecedented to demand a bill to be taxed that had been paid so long ago as 1808 ; so that he thought his having got the money a good reason for not parting with it . He then wrote to the Judge , but got no answer ; and this was the redress he got in the quarter where the crown Jaw officers had advised him to apply . The noble lord further observed , that in opposition to the act of the 45th of the King , the Judge at Malta had not only established , but altered the table of fees . An allusion had been made to the spirited conduct of the judge ; but he had affidavits of captain Maxwell and others , who were present , that the Judge had admitted that he had no proof of the crime for which he ( lord C. ) had been sent to gaol . Against him , however , he would proceed in another way , unless he should find it necessary to call for the interference of the House to bring this Judge home . 470 He had consulted lawyers , and understood that he could not proceed against him till he came to this country . As to his former charges , he had been denied the opportunity of proving them . He concluded by repeating his charges of extortion , & c. against the Judge and Marshal . denied that the prisoners of war had been neglected . , having made inquiries as to the state of the prisoners at war , thought it his duty to mention the result , which was , that they were as healthy even at Dartmoor , as persons placed in the most favourable situations . said , that if the official correspondence did not clear up the case , he would move for further papers if no one else did . Some alterations were then made in the motions in consequence of a difference of opinion as to the construction of the 45th of the King , relative to the establishment of tables of fees in the Prize Courts ; after which they were all carried . rose to submit his promised motion on the subject of the reappointment of the Duke of York to the office of Commander in Chief . In undertaking this duty , which he felt himself little competent to discharge , he heartily wished that the matter had been taken up by some member of longer experience and greater weight in the House . This was a subject deserving of the most serious attention of the House of Commons . If the two Houses of Parliament were at all competent to controul the execution of the public business , the matter which he now brought before them , imperiously called for their interference . If in any case the appointment of public officers ought to be inquired into , and animadverted upon , it was in a case of this description . It must be