inevitably lead to another ; if they passed this Bill , what would be the next step ? Why , to make Bank-notes a 892 legal tender , and when Bank-notes were once a legal tender , they must then impose a maximum on prices . And what , he asked , was all this but treading in the foot-steps of France , tracing step by step those very measures so strongly condemned by lord Mornington ( now marquis of Wellesley ) in his speech in 1794 , at the time when Mr. Pitt had declared France to be on the verge , if not already in the gulph of national bankruptcy ; and was it to be expected that the same steps pursued under the same circumstances , would not lead to the same dreadful results in both countries ? He could not help looking at the mode in which this Bill originated as something singular . He would suppose that a member of that House who had been held up by ministers as a land-mark to be avoided with respect to the dangerous turn of his political views and sentiments , after having been resisted by that government in every political measure he had supported ; that after such long and uniform habits of difference that same government should find their eyes suddenly opened by a measure coming from that obnoxious quarter , and that after opposing it , they should in two days after , come down and join in the support of it—whether all this was the result of ignorance or rashness , or both together , he left to the right hon . Gentlemen to explain—The hon . gentleman again adverted to the observations which had been thrown out against lord King—the word 'extorted ' had been used , not by the right hon . gentleman , but yet it had been used , and indirectly applied to the conduct of lord King : that noble lord had done nothing which his own motives could not justify—from his general knowledge of that noble lord , a knowledge of which he was proud , he believed him to be a strictly honest man , arid utterly incapable of the motives that had been imputed to him . Was this Bill directed against lord King ? No , say gentlemen , but its object is to support Bank-paper—support Bank-paper ! They might as well screw up the barometer and call it fine weather . But where was the hardship or injustice of lord King 's conduct ? Bank-paper was either depreciated , or it was not ; if it was not , where was the hardship , and if it was , where was the injustice : He would ask those gentlemen who were so loud in their censures of his conduct , if they had any lands out of lease , and if , after the passing of this Bill , they would renew ? such leases on the old term ? —He next adverted to 893 that provision of the Bill , confining its operation to Great Britain solely , and asked where was the justice of the Imperial Parliament in Ireland , enacting , that a man should be transported for an act , which , if he had done in England , would have subjected him to fine and imprisonment only , and which , if done in Ireland , would have open no offence at all ? Or were they weak enough to suppose , that lord King would desist in consequence of this act ? Something like an insinuation had crept abroad that the courts of law might in their construction of the law of the land open a door of relief to the tenant against the just and legal demands of the land-holder . Good God ! in what times did we live ? What must be the awful situation of the country when such shameful subterfuges could be thought of—when in order to force a depreciated paper currency , men would take refuge in the hope that the tribunals of justice would resort to chicane , to expound the