this request was rejected . That this allowance of air and exercise granted to him , petitioner most sensibly feels , and his medical attendant has so represented it , but in vain . `` That there are various other instances of oppression and injustice , of which pe- 727 titioner has to complain , but by the repetition of which he does not think it right to trespass upon the patience of your honourable House . Your Petitioner , however , can not overlook this circumstance , that about a fortnight after his arrival here , a person who came from London to attend him in his illness was excluded from the prison , and a prisoner appointed to attend him whose integrity he has cause to `` aspect ; but whom , nevertheless , he can not dismiss , because no other person will be admitted , even the person who dresses his victuals being refused admittance . That under such circumstances petitioner appeals to your honourable House for relief , trusting that you will not sanction such severity as can not be justified by the sentence passed upon him , such as he presumes to assert was not in the contemplation of the judges by whom that sentence was passed , such as was wholly unusual in this country . Petitioner particularly and earnestly requests that your honourable House , in consideration of the very weak state of his health , and the aggravation of his complaints , by the mode in which be has been hitherto treated , and which , if continued must terminate in incurable disease , will be graciously pleased to take such steps that Petitioner may be forthwith removed into an airy apartment , and allowed the air and exercise necessary for the re-establishment and preservation of his health—that such apartment may be easily afforded him , as there is room amply sufficient in the front of the jail , the jailor having set apart 13 rooms for his own use , while his family consists of only three persons . `` Petitioner begs leave to represent to your honourable House , that on or about the 27th of May last , a petition , couched in terms such as petitioner hopes were respectful , and signed by your petitioner , was transmitted through the Secretary of State to his royal highness the Prince Regent , representing the situation of petitioner . `` That petitioner has waited in the humble hope of meeting redress , through , the clemency of his Royal Highness ; but having this day heard that the Secretary of State for the home department , owing to same delay , which to your petitioner suffering under such privations , appear extraordinary , has not yet been able to obtain the information which he professed it his duty to seek , previously to , his offering his advice to the Regent upon the pe- 728 tition presented . Petitioner therefore fearing the speedy prorogation of parliament , has submitted his case to the consideration of your honourable House , not from any doubt of the justice or clemency of his Royal Highness the Prince , upon whose liberality he has the utmost confidence ; but from the impatience of a man unjustly oppressed , and suffering under the pains of disease , brought on by the treatment he has received . All that petitioner requires , is an airy apartment , with the opportunity for air and exercise , which the prison yard affords , —And petitioner will ever pray , stated , that he had that day received a letter from the high Sheriff ) the delay of which was owing to his having been in town , and having left directions behind him , under the expectation of an immediate return , that his letters should not be sent after him . It informed him , that Mr. Finnerty had at first en . joyed only one hour of exercise in the open air , which period was afterwards extended to three . This indulgence , however , it was found necessary to withhold , in consequence