but the refusal to make any legislative provision in it for the free exercise of their religious worship by the Catholic soldiers of the Irish militia , formed in his mind a strong objection to it . It was stated , that they were to enjoy the same privileges that they now did , but what provision Was there made for that enjoyment ? The means were easy , if the government would use them , let them appoint Catholic chaplains , in order that the soldiers of that persuasion might have in truth the means of the free exercise of their religion.—The noble earl , after apologizing for taking up so much of their lordships time , concluded by moving to refer the said Petitions to a Committee of the whole House . was of opinion that it would be better to postpone the consideration of the subject to another opportunity , when it would be less likely to create agitation and alarm amongst the majority of the people of the United Kingdom than at present . He was ready to acknowledge the respectability of many of the Irish Catholic bishops , but he could not consider the arrangement mentioned by the noble earl as at all adequate to the purpose for which it was proposed , as , if the Catholic bishops were to be placed within the patronage of government , their situations would become the object of ambitious contest , which would by no means tend to that harmony to which it was supposed the arrangement would lead . Great jealousy existed with regard to these claims . The noble lord said he did not wish to suppress the Catholic religion ; but he wished to support the constitution . His lordship strongly objected to the proceeding at a Catholic meeting of addressing the Prince Regent to remove the lord lieutenant of Ireland , who was not the lord lieutenant of the Catholics , but of the country—and a country in which , though the majority of the population were Catholics , the greater part of the property and influence was in the 658 hands of Protestants . An objection to the mode of proceeding now sought to be adopted , which in his mind had considerable weight , was , that the powers of the constitution were not complete . Undoubtedly they were nearly so , but still a measure of such great importance ought not to be proceeded in , until the powers of the constitution were complete and in full activity . The noble lord concluded by declaring his dissent to the motion . rose and said : My Lords ; agreeing , as I do most decidedly , with every part of my noble friend 's most luminous and able speech , there remains little fur me to say that can add to the great body of information your lordships have gained on this subject this night . My anxiety , however , for the success of the cause , and the strong desire I feel to appear , as I hope I really am , an earnest supporter of the rights of my countrymen , will , I hope , plead my excuse for begging your lordships ' indulgence for a short time . There can not , I think , be adduced a stronger reason in favour of my noble friend 's motion than the present contest on the peninsula ; and as that contest is not likely soon to terminate , is it not an additional reason for conciliating and satisfying the minds of the people of a country , out of whose very vitals , I may say , are derived the means of carrying on the war . For , my Lords , a very large proportion of the army is composed of Irish Roman Catholic soldiers . These are the men whose bravery and noble conduct your lordships have already not long since extolled , and yet they are to be refused a participation in the rights and privileges of their country . Our gratitude demands of us to grant their request ; and I am