creditors according to the nominal . Many there were , no doubt , who had debts and mortgages upon their estates ; and in such case the mortgagee , or other person having a charge upon the estate , would be the eventual sufferers , and , of course , in exact proportion would the land-owners be the gainers . It was not then the case of landlord and tenant , it was the case of debtor and creditor . It was the creditor of every description who was to be deprived of his rights by this Bill ; but most of all those who had fixed incomes ; all annuitants , mortgagees , or persons having rent charges of every sort ; all officers of the state , and officers of the army and navy , were likewise in the same situation . These persons were suffering by the reduced value of this paper currency , he firmly believed , to the extent of nearly one-fifth of their income . Other persons having land out of lease , or commodities of any kind to sell , did not suffer at all , for , they might and did ask for their land and their commodities in proportion . It would be well , then , if they would a little more consider those who have fixed incomes . How long it was desirable this state of things should be 1085 allowed to continue , he , could not pretend to say . Lord King had thought it would be better for the community to make a stand at the present moment . There were many persons said he was extremely wrong in bringing the question to issue now ; there were others who thought he acted wisely in so doing . Whether he was right in the determination he had come to , or was mistaken , sure he ( Mr. Western ) was , that his motives were most upright and honourable.—Mr . Western again adverted to the provisions of the Bill , and argued that they were in no degree calculated to meet the case which was said to have given rise to it . The demand made by lord King upon his tenants was pretended to have induced the adoption of this Bill ; but this was a mere pretence ; the real object was to prevent , if possible , the further interchange of Bank-notes and guineas , which , whilst it continued , manifested too plainly the fallen value of the paper . As to the tenant , he was in no degree whatever relieved by this Bill ; he was in a worse situation than before . His landlord , it was true , could not distrain upon him , but no landlord would proceed in that way ; he would take his remedy by action or ejectment , which was still open to him precisely the same as before . Suppose this Bill had not been brought forward , or should not pass , a tenant might , if he chose , make an arrangement with his landlord , and pay him in notes at their real instead of their nominal value ; and if the depreciation of notes should increase , and the fact become obvious and acknowledged by them , many would be very glad to do so ; and if they had money out at interest , would make a similar agreement with their debtors ; now if they did so , they would incur the penalties of this Bill . Gold they could not get , and they would then be placed in the curious predicament of having only to chuse the alternative of ejectment , or becoming liable to punishment for a misdemeanour , perhaps standing in the pillory , for doing that which a sense of what they considered their own interest , and justice to their creditors , equally prompted them to do . Such were the extraordinary provisions of this unprecedented measure . He would not further detain the House , though there were other topics connected with it to which he wished to