manner it has done , will shake your empire to its Very foundation ? 542 But you imagine that you are safe at home—Are you so ? You have indeed challenged Buonaparté to your coasts , and with little justice and less modesty , have pronounced him afraid to meet you ! You doubt his intentions to invade . Look to his levies of seamen , and his other naval preparations . Hear his threats—But you believe the thing to be impracticable Examine his means , and recollect your own history ! Have you not heard from the first lord of the Admiralty , that the labours of the enemy to complete his navy are incessant , that he has nearly ready for sea sixty-four sail of the line—that commanding , all the naval resources and most of the ports of Europe , it would be `` idle to question his capability of rendering himself formidable as a naval power . '' You have frequently experienced the gallantry of the seamen of Holland , France , and Spain , to whom those of Sweden and Denmark do not yield—those of Genoa and Venice have also had their day ; why not again ? Greece and her islands have hitherto furnished abundance of seamen to the fleets of Turkey and Russia . Ali , or the greater part of these countries , are under the absolute control of Buonaparté . We have been lately more successful than usual on the continent , because we have applied more of our physical strength . The enemy has been less so , from not having been able to direct all his energies to one point , as in his former wars . Our success , then , and the enemy 's retreat , prove the truth of my position , which is , not that numbers will , and always have been victorious , but that without a certain strength it is impossible to succeed . Such troops as gained the battles of Talavera , Barrosa , and those of Portugal , can not be too confidently relied upon , but they should not be devoted in small numbers , where their heroism only can be proved . Buonaparté has hitherto waged successful wars against the corrupt and feeble governments of Europe , who mouldered at his very touch , but he never before was engaged in a contest with a whole people , who have no government to sell or betray them . One district may be held in subjection by the presence of an army , meanwhile the neighbouring pro vince rises . This species of warfare in other times would have exhausted any invading nation . Such a contest , well managed , may yet prove too mach even for Buonaparté . 543 There never was a period in the history of this country when the union of political and military knowledge were so necessary , or might be so advantageously exerted in the councils of the nation , as at the present hour , `` this important hour , '' perhaps `` the very crisis of our fate . '' We have reason to feel somewhat of confidence , which we have not had for some time , not so much owing to what we have ourselves achieved , as inconsequence of the serious difficulties in which the enemy has involved himself , but we must not believe those who say he will abandon his views in Spain . Such , under his difficulties , might be the conduct of a Bourbon—a legitimate prince , who might , without risk , retire within his hereditary dominions ; but he who has , by his sword , possessed himself of the Empire of the West , and is encircled by those he has despoiled , can not venture to retrograde—he must prove himself invincible , or relinquish every thing . We are checked in all our sanguine expectations ; by the apprehensions of the cautious , and the financial calculations of the economical , and every suggestion for opposing an effectual resistance to the power of France , is met by