the discovery and publication of our situation , without taking any measures to prevent the impending ruin of our public credit . Such a proceeding is justly exposed to the comments of the learned chairman , and can not be defended by the arguments of the hon . gent , near me ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , or even by the wit and eloquence of the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr . Canning . ) It is impossible not to remark the singular compliment paid by that right hon . gent , to the learned chairman , whose reasonings and whose Report he defends . He offered to vote for the two last of the Resolutions I am about to propose , on condition that I would accede to the first seven Resolutions of the learned chairman . However justly I should value the support of the right hon . gent. , I can not accept it on the conditions of recommending to this Mouse Resolutions which I think erroneous both in fact and law , and of depriving my own practical Resolutions of that chain of facts which appears to me to form their natural and proper support . In the learned chairman 's Resolutions I did not , indeed , see any very strict and logical connexion , but I never thought of passing so bitter a sarcasm upon them as the right hon . gent . has done , who thinks that they are premises which will equally lead to contradictory conclusions : —that having been drawn up by the learned gent . for the purpose of proving that the Bank ought to pay in cash , they will serve rather more conveniently to prove that it ought not to do so Those gentlemen , indeed , tell us , that these Resolutions will serve as a guide to the Directors of the Bank , who , they say , have the power of controlling the exchange , though the Directors themselves deny that they have any such power . We read in Rasselas of an unfortunate philosopher , who , by intense meditation on the most abstruse theories , so bewildered his understanding , that he fancied himself intrusted with the direction of the winds and weather , and was worn with continual care and anxiety in the management of this imaginary charge . Such , but much worse , would be the situation of the Bank Directors under the control of the Bullion Committee . This poor astronomer was , indeed , harassed with visionary 12 cares and useless solicitude ; but he could do no real harm , he could not parch the fields of his neighbours with drought , or blast their crops with mildew ; and he had the satisfaction of fancying himself beneficially employed . But the Directors of the Bank would be compelled , in the pursuit of an object which they knew to be equally chimerical , to inflict real and substantial evils on their country ; to cramp the resources of the state ; to fetter the exertion of the national power ; and to spread distrust , alarm , and bankruptcy around them . I should trespass too long on the attention of the House , if I were to pursue these general topics , which I consider , indeed ; as having been practically and substantially decided by the House , in rejecting the Resolutions moved by the learned gentleman . I shall proceed , therefore , to the more immediate business of this evening , the discussion of the Resolutions I am about to propose . In this ( as I before observed ) , the candour of my learned friend has brought the question of fact to a distinct issue , and a much narrower compass , by stating his objections to my Resolutions in the form of Amendments . Before I proceed to examine them in detail , I must beg the House to recollect that these are the only objections which the acuteness and industry of the learned gentleman and his colleagues have met with to the facts