course , and on the mere ground that the exchanges were unfavourable . He was aware that the gentlemen opposed to him had gained a great advantage by turning the attention of the public to the opening of the Bank ; as if that were the only thing recommended by the Bullion com- 81 mittee . This was hot the sole object of their report . There had been many shades of opinion upon that part of it , among men agreed in all their fundamental principles . The Bullion Committee had been far more united on the other point on which he had dwelt—the propriety of limiting the bank issues with a view to the improvement of the exchange . The parliament was now taking part with the bank against their own Committee , in respect to this important principle ; and the right hon . Chancellor of the Exchequer , in exerting himself on the same side , appeared to him to be taking on Himself a fearful responsibility . It had appeared in the course of the present debates that the chief circumstance which had led the Directors of the Bank , to embrace the opinion that the quantity of their paper had no influence on the exchange , was the doctrine which they entertained respecting ; what is called the balance of trade . The state of the exchange was , according to them , the unavoidable consequence of an unfavourable balance : be therefore requested leave to enter some what fully into this tonic . An inaccurate use or words had served to confuse many parts of the general subject under discussion ; and the term balance of trade , in particular , had contributed to this perplexity ; He would endeavour to expose the error involved in this expression ; and in order to do this , it might be convenient to remark how it first obtained currency . Our ancestors , eager for the acquisition of the precious metals , exploring , as is well known , new continents , chiefly with a view to this article ; and accustomed to consider trade as profitable or otherwise , in proportion as ; it brought in or took out gold and silver , were naturally led to de-nominate that part of our exports or imports which consisted of these metals , a balance . In truth , however , this was not a balance . Bullion was an article of commerce , rising or falling in value according to the supply and the demand , exactly like any other , transporting itself in greater or less quantities according to the comparative state of the market for that and for other articles , and forming only an item on one side of the general account . Corn , or any other commodity , might just as properly be said to pay the balance as gold or silver , but it would evidently be inaccurate to affirm that corn discharged it , because it would imply that the amount 82 of ail the articles except corn was fixed ; and that these having first adjusted them-selves with relation only to each other , a given quantity of corn was then added to pay the difference . It was , for the same reason , inaccurate to affirm , that gold or silver paid the difference . He was aware that many of our older writers of great name had used expressions of this sort , and that a phraseology borrowed from such respectable authority ought not to be too much censured . They had written , however , at a time when paper currency scarcely had an existence ; they had not contemplated the consequence of the introduction of so much paper credit : they had therefore not guarded or measured their expressions , as they probably would have done , if they had foreseen the use which was now made of them . The Governor of the Bank ( Mr. Man-nine ) had in his speech quoted a passage in Mr. Locke , containing the term oft which he had just animadverted , and had