acted upon , must have inflicted so severe a wound upon the public credit of the country . As the question has arisen , parliament sitting , I feel no uneasiness on the subject . The discussion which has taken place will dissipate alarm ; and as nothing in this empire can long survive , which will not bear the test of free , or even adverse inquiry , I have no doubt the credit of the paper of the Bank of England , so far from being impaired by any thing which has passed , in the late severe ordeal of controversy , to which it has been submitted , will , on the contrary , the more the principles upon which it is issued are developed , stand the higher in the public estimation ; and the period I trust is not remote , when the transient apprehensions of patriotism at home will be quieted upon this point , and when the enemy will be made to feel , in the unabated energy of our exertions in carrying on the war , the mighty difference which exists between a currency , such as we possess , and those forced currencies with which he has ignorantly been led to compare it . In the mean time , let us take care that the law shall not be made an instrument of personal injustice , which it would be , if , when the tenantry of the country , having sold the produce of their farms for Bank of England notes , and having contracts equally ' binding with the Bank as with their landlords relative to cash payments , the law should interpose , and say to persons so circumstanced , the Bank shall not fulfil its contract with you , but you shall fulfil your contract with your landlord . The law can not countenance so obvious an injustice ; it must dispose of these kindred engagements upon one and the same principle , and refuse , during the continuance of the Bank restriction act , to compel person ? , tendering Bank-notes , to make their payments in a currency which , under the authority of Jaw , and for the public good , has ceased for a time to be the prevailing currency of the realm . said he agreed in one of the concluding observations of the noble lord , that any attempt to limit the issue of paper of the Bank of England , would not be right . He agreed also that it was not fair to compare the paper of this country with that of France . The hon . gentleman said he was of opinion the bill did not stand on the mere act of lord Sing ; the discussions which it had undergone in parliament , and the opinions which had been there given , gave it a most important feature . In various cases persons had demanded cash for the debts due to them . In one instance a country bank had been prosecuted for a small sum , which ' the proprietors refusal to pay in gold , and the judges cast them in the debt and costs , which they were compelled to pay . Every country banker was liable to the same form of proceeding for all the Bank notes he might issue under five pounds . The effect which might have been produced upon country banks but for this bill was incalculable , for when tenants applied to the banker for gold , he might be unable to pay , and so it would run on through all ranks and gradations , each person demanding of the other payment in gold , and perhaps all unable to comply with the demand . The sudden demand for gold would , of course , have the effect of rising the price , as in the demand for wool some years since ; it was fair , then to anticipate the evils which would naturally follow from the trade in gold . He should support the bill on the ground of necessity , but he could not think