. There was another species of unfair Ness in the Resolutions . They stated the fluctuations in the exchange and the price of bullion , for a long time preceding the suspension of cash payments ; and then spoke of the variations since that period , as if these were somewhat similar in their degree . But was the House aware of the different extent of the fluctuations in the two periods ? He would specify the fluctuations in the price of bullion . This was a surer test of depreciation than the exchanges . Many circumstances perplexed our inquiry into the true par of exchange ; it was necessary to know , first , the exact standard in foreign countries ; secondly the degree of wear of the current foreign coin ; for it was with the , coin actually circumstances and not with mat which was fresh from the foreign mint , that the comparison with our own was to be made—we ought likewise to be informed whether there was any , and what , foreign seignorage and also , indeed , what obstacles to the exportation of the foreign currency . But , besides these sources of inaccuracy , many of which were continually varying , there was another most fruitful cause of error , namely , the circumstance of the standard of this country having now for some time been gold , while that of Hamburgh in particular as well indeed as of Amsterdam , was silver . There had been a very varying disproportion between the ; prices of gold and silver in the world ; and this variation , as he believed , would serve to account for much of that occasionally great depression of our apparent exchange with Hamburgh in times preceding.1797 on which the opponents of the Bullion Committee had relied the , people of this country were not bound to examine into all the intricacies of the exchange in order to know whether their standard 89 was adhered to . The state of the ex-changes merely afforded a confirmation of a depreciation of our currency ; a generally high , price of bullion of itself distinctly , : established it . What , then , was the price of bullion before 1797 , and what was it now ? It had never , before 1797 , except in the South Sea year , and at the time when our coin was deteriorated , risen higher than . 4l . 1s . 6d . per oz . and had scarcely ever reached that point ; that is to say , it had never fluctuated more than from 3l . 17s . 10d . to 4l 1s . 6d.—it was now 4l 14s It had not exceeded its proper mint price by more than 3s . 8d . or 2 to 3 per cent , in the one period—it exceeded it by 16s . 2d . or 15 to 20 per cent , in the other . Was it fair , then , to infer , or to imply , that because we had occasionally departed from the standard before 1797 , to the extent , at the utmost , of two or three per cent . ; we need not now regard a departure from it of fifteen or twenty per cent ? The Bullion Committee had never intended to say , that no deviation from the standard of our coin , however small , ought to be tolerated . They were not in this respect the theorists which they were sometimes represented to be . They , indeed , affirmed bullion to be the standard , and the more the subject was examined , the more did it appear that we had either this standard or none ; but they allowed of a moderate departure from it . Nothing human was perfect . The very mint , though it professed to convert a pound of gold into forty-four and a half equal parts , or guineas , did not effect their object with mathematical precision , and to their deviation was given the technical name of a remedy . Even the