March 1809 , of the resolution of the House upon the subject of the investigation into the conduct of his royal highness the duke of York as commander in chief , might be read : '' —and the same was read , as follows : `` Resolved , That his royal highness `` the duke of York , having resigned the command of the army , this House does not think it necessary to proceed , any further in the consideration of the minutes of evidence taken before the Committee who were appointed to investigate the conduct of his royal highness the duke of York , so far as they relate to his royal highness ' . He also moved , `` That the entry in the Journal of this House , of the 477 17th day of March 1809 , of the resolution of the House upon the subject of the said investigation , might be read : '' —and the same was read , as follows : said , that however full and complete in his own mind were the grounds upon which he meant to rest what he had to offer in answer to the speech and motion of the noble lord , and however satisfactory they might appear to the minds of others , yet all he had to say lay within so narrow a compass , and was of a nature so clear and obvious , that it would not be necessary for him to trespass at any considerable length upon the attention of the House . And first , he was anxious to assure the noble lord , that in what should fall from him he would not be at all influenced by any desire to shake off from himself or his colleagues the smallest portion of that responsibility in which they stood constitutionally bound to the House and to the country . He wished it to be distinctly understood , that the recommending the appointment of his royal highness the duke of York to the command of the army , was an act for which , be it right or be it wrong , his Majesty 's servants were collectively and individually responsible , in fact as well as in law ; and he was the more anxious to make this statement , because there seemed to have been something like an attempt to have it supposed 478 that this was an act from which the ministers had been anxious to withdraw themselves . He begged now to state the circumstances that led to the re appointment . The House was aware that the gallant officer who lately filled the situation of commander in chief , had been known and recommended by his tried and eminent services , but that he was also of advanced age . He had spent nearly half a century in the active and zealous service of his country . In the early part of the winter he had contracted an illness , arising from a cold , which obliged him to apply for liberty to retire from the arduous duties of his office . This application had first been made at the commencement of the present year , and had since that period been repeated so frequently and earnestly , that it became a matter of necessity and justice both towards the gallant officer and the public , to yield to it , and the office , of course , became vacant . In the present state of the country ha believed the House would think with him , that the office of commander in chief was one which ought not to be suffered to remain vacant . Then , as to the principle of the advice which in that case it became the duty of his Majesty 's ministers to offer . Upon this head , he avowed that there was not in his mind , nor in those of his colleagues , the slightest hesitation as to the person whom they should recommend to be appointed . When they looked back to the nature of those tried and eminent services rendered to the army by his