the regiment at 2 o'clock the same day , when he received 50 lashes , the rest being remitted . He was refused a copy of the Minutes of the Court Martial , and among other reasons alledged for his punishment , his politics were one . He was a very respectable man , held the situation of clerk , was married , and his wife , when he received the first lash , fainted away , and had since been very ill , and the privates and drummers of the regiment had been much affected at the infliction of the punishment . The hon . baronet said , that he considered this case of the highest importance , both as it affected the individual and the character of the country , which was disgraced by the continuance of such a practice , and he had the authority of persons who stood high in the service for saying , that flogging was as unnecessary as it was cruel , and not at all requisite for the maintenance of discipline in the regular service , when its only effect was to produce a loss of character , to which loss of life was infinitely preferable . But when this punishment was extended to the respectable father of a family , dragged into the service , it was truly dreadful . After some further remarks on the nature of military punishment , the hon . baronet concluded by moving , '' That the Minutes of the Court Martial held on Thomas Taylor , private in the 8th company of the Liverpool Local Militia , be laid before this House . '' expressed a wish that the hon . baronet would defer his motion until some inquiry could be made into the propriety of complying with it , as he believed it was contrary to the general principle , and was desirous that some general officers might be consulted upon it . As next week was full , and Monday and Tuesday in the following week were holidays , perhaps the hon . baronet would consent to defer his motion till Wednesday se'nnight . thought that it would be better to delay it , till a letter could be received from the district . agreed in this suggestion , and said , he should be sorry to be absent at the discussion , as he had been one of those who hoped the new clause in the Mutiny act would have prevented the continuance of the practice of flogging , which he believed to be wholly unnecessary in the English army . As Wednesday se'nnight would be the 5th of June , perhaps the following day would be more convenient . signified his concurrence in the proposed adjournment of the question . in presenting the petition of the Roman Catholics in Ireland , spoke to the in following effect : My Lords ; It is with peculiar satisfaction that I rise this night , to occupy a few moments of your attention—moments which I shall devote , however , to the consideration of the most important subject that can meet your lordships ' mind . It is in consequence of the indisposition of an excellent peer ( lord Donoughmore ) a man whose name will be ever held sacred by his country , from the zeal and proper enthusiasm he has displayed in the cause of his Catholic countrymen . It is , my Lords , in consequence of his indisposition that this honour has fallen upon me . May his health soon be re-established , that so the Catholics of Ireland may again possess an abler asserter of their rights than myself ; but they can not possess a more sincere one . No , my Lords , I feel for them in my heart . I know them well . Not merely from what I have heard , but from what I have seen and witnessed . They are a most respectable body of men , and in this long list of petitioners , my Lords , there are many reputable , not only from the characters and good conduct ,