the danger of making paper a legal lender . His Majesty 's ministers appeared now to be adopting measures which had been stigmatised by all eminent authorities upon such subjects as most injurious to a state . They had determined to issue tokens for three sterling shillings—tokens which , according to the standard value in the sterling shillings , would not be worth more than 2s . 4d . In this instance he must contend , that they were not satisfied with a depreciated paper , unless they accompanied it with a debased coin . If this measure were fit to be adopted , he should be glad to know , why the tokens were not to be issued by government for the profit of the public ? He could see no good reason why the profit should go to the Bank of England , rather than to the treasury . The tokens were to be prepared in the King 's mint , and under the immediate sanction of ministers , and if the nation was to take the mischief of the issue , the public was entitled to the profit—He had thus long detained their lordships , because he felt it necessary , to state explicitly his opinions upon the present measure . But he had by no means exhausted the subject ; he had not even expressed all the considerations which suggested themselves to his mind upon the question . If the measure were to be persisted in , he should often have to address their lordships upon it ; not that he was not perfectly aware how little useful it was to address their lordships upon such occasions ; but because , feeling as he did respecting this measure , he should not think that he had performed his duty if he failed to state his sentiments fully . Whatever might be the future misfortunes of the country in consequence of these measures , he was sure that he could bear his proportion of them with the fortitude of a Man conscious of having discharged his 828 duty in endeavours to avert them : but when he considered how particularly it had fallen under his observation on a former occasion to watch the progress and effects of similar measures in that unhappy country , France , he should be criminal not to use all the means in his power to prevent their introduction into his native land . observed , that the question before their lordships had been argued with a view to the ulterior measures which the noble earl who brought the present measure forward had in his contemplation . For his own part , he wished , in any thing he should feel it necessary to say upon this Bill , not to be understood to give any opinion or approbation of those ulterior measures . The principle of the Bill under consideration he had certainly approved of ; and when first the measure was opened to their lordships , he had declared it to be the best remedy for the evil in the contemplation of the noble mover . And this declaration he had made , founding his opinion upon the principle of the measure of 1797 , that it was not desirable to extend the principle of legislation beyond the necessity of the case . He had , however , on that occasion , conceived that it might be better to let the question rest upon the law as it stood , be cause he was then of opinion that the example mentioned by the noble earl would not be generally followed . This opinion of his was not founded upon any impression that he had any right to inquire into the precise degree of public spirit and principle which individuals might be influenced by in the regulation of their private concerns , but because he thought it would not be for the interest of any individuals to follow that example . The interest of landlords and tenants could not be separated , and consequently any act that would bear hard upon the tenant must be injurious to the landlord himself . If