subject of the Report of the Bullion Committee ) I really believed it was his intention to move that it should be referred back to a Committee , for a further investigation of the subject . In this case I entertained a hope that , if I should be a member of that Committee I should be able to propose such a course of inquiry , as might either induce them to retract some of the opinions formed last year , or lead me to concur with them upon sincere conviction . The answer of my learned friend , that he thought no further investigation necessary , destroyed those hopes , and left me , so far as I can judge of my duty to the public , no other alternative than that of stating firmly and distinctly , though I hope with becoming respect , my sentiments in opposition to those of the Committee . In the many long and able speeches , in which the opinions of the Bullion Committee , with respect to the removal of the Bank restriction , were supported by the learned chairman and some of his colleagues , it is extraordinary that the practicability of carrying their recommendation into effect , was scarcely touched upon . But , indeed , the same want of inquiry into this most important point appears in the proceedings of the Committee . They called the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank repeatedly before them , and examined them at great length as to many other points of mere opinion ; but they neither asked of them , or of any other witness , a single question as to the practicability of restoring the cash payments of the Bank in two years . If they thought the opinions of Bank directors too old-fashioned and erroneous to be deserving of any attention , how could they propose to leave to them the uncontrolled execution of so delicate and difficult an operation ? On another point , that of the limitation of the issue of notes , the Committee were not sparing of their inquiries as to the opinion of the Governor and Deputy Governor . A considerable part both of their Report and of their speeches , has turned upon it . Two of my hon . friends ( Mr. H. Thornton and Mr. Wilberforce ) have assigned that opinion as one of their principal reasons for supporting the Resolutions proposed by the learned chairman . I must say that I think the Governor and Deputy Governor have been rather harshly treated on this occasion when so much stress has been laid on 6 what I admit to be a hasty and inconsiderate answer at the close if a long and severe cross examination ( which answer , however , is supported by the authority of Adam Smith * , and has been fully explained by such of their colleagues in the Bank direction as are members of this House—Mr . S. Thornton and Mr . Baring . ) But if the Committee were destitute of any evidence respecting the practicability of the measure they so earnestly recommend , we are not without such evidence . We have had the advantage of hearing a gentleman ( Mr. Baring ) , himself a member of the Bullion Committee , himself a Bank director , and therefore combining an intimate acquaintance with the internal affairs of the Bank with the most extensive knowledge of commercial affairs in general . He has told us , in a speech full of information and profound research into subjects of finance and political economy , that the proposed resumption of cash payments is positively and absolutely impracticable . This it may , however , be said , is only evidence of opinion , though an opinion entitled to the greatest weight from the talents and situation of him who gave it . But the same gent , gave us evidence of a fact . He told us that his house , one of the first mercantile houses in the world , carrying on the most extensive correspondence , possessing unbounded credit in both the