have we availed ourselves of these advantages of which ministers boast so much ? The strength of lord Wellington 's army , originally 25,000 men , has not in the course of two years been increased to more than 35,000 effective British ; that strength now much diminished , in consequence of our severe recent losses . Yet we appear to be possessed of a force amounting to 235,000 men , from which , deducting the armies and garrisons of the Peninsula , Sicily , Gibraltar , America , the Cape , the two Indias , and Ireland , amounting to about 134,000 , there remains a force unaccounted for ( at least , not employed on actual service ) of upwards of 100,000 , allowing too in the above statement ( of 135,000 ) 50,000 to be actually employed in the Peninsula , 20,000 for the East Indies , and as many for Ireland , both of which are greatly overstated at this amount . Do these 100,000 men really exist ? If they do not , why is the country burdened with the enormous expense necessary for the support of such an establishment ? If they are forth coming , why are they not , or a part of them , employed in the Peninsula ? I shall not be told that it is necessary to : keep upon our own shores , a disposable force of 121,000 men , after what we have 538 heard of the perfect internal security afforded by the Local Militia and other corps—this security should be something more than nominal , when it appears that the expence to the country of the embodied and Local Militia , and the Volunteer Corps , exceeds anually three millions sterling , while their vast numbers render any other species of troops altogether superfluous for home defence . Does lord Wellington not require reinforcements ? Supposing the French armies now hovering on the frontiers of Portugal defeated—nay , according to the sanguine calculation of some gentlemen , destroyed—could this be effected without severe loss on our side ? —Can we expect , when we consider the enemy we have to deal with , that lord Wellington with his present British force , aided but by the inexperienced , however patriotic and gallant levies of Portugal and Spain , can continue this contest with any prospect of ultimate success , so long as we only afford scanty and inadequate supplies . In the hour of our success , we calumniate the enemy . Are we ignorant how highly the officers who led the van of the British army applaud the skill and valour of Marshal Ney , and those troops who covered the retreat of Massena ? Do we already forget our own severe losses on the Doas Casas , and that still more sanguinary , though glorious conflict of Albuera ? In what state have the exertions of the enemy left our armies at this moment for active operations in the Peninsula ? Would not a small reinforcement to him at this critical instant compel us hastily to retire to our lines ? I deny , generally , the humble degraded state of the enemy and his loss of military fame , and I do so , not with a view of offending or irritating those who differ from me , but to remove an impression , which if suffered to remain , may be greatly injurious , at a moment when our exertions , instead of being relaxed , should be more vigorous than ever . Between October and the first week in March , lord Wellington did not receive more than 0,000 additional men , though it is evident he felt himself not sufficiently strong in his lines , for in October he recalled from Estremadura , marquis Romana and his corps , who at that moment threatened Seville , having recommenced offensive operations . The absence of this corps from this point enabled Soult and Mortier to combine their operations against Badajo , and may be 539 fairly considered as having greatly accelerated the fall of that place . His lordship has proved