after the able and lucid speech of the hon . gent , who spoke last , if I had not been desirous of addressing myself more particularly than he has done to the Propositions now brought forward , in the shape of Resolutions , by the right hon . gent , opposite to me , which are the immediate subject of this night 's deliberation I should indeed be unpardonable , if after having already trespassed at so great length on the indulgence of the Committee when the original Resolutions were under discussion , I should again expatiate upon the general subject which I conceive to have been disposed of by the vote of they former night . The present however , is a very different question from that which : was then decided . We decided by our former vote , not to adopt the practical re-commendation of the Bullion Committee In that vote concurred . We decided farther , not to sanction and record the declaration of the principles of our money system , on which the recommendation of the Bullion Committee was founded . In that decision I did not concur , and it is one which I deeply regret ; because those ; principles were , as I think , correctly defined in the original Resolutions ; and because I think that a declaration of them under the sanction of this House , would have been eminently useful at the presents moment . But the House having thought other wise ; and having rejected all the Resolutions of the hon . and learned gent . ; my next wish would have been , that with that rejection the whole discussion should . ; have terminated . Why pursue it farther . The Bullion Committee is defeated ; its doctrines are , at least , for the present set aside . Why could not its antagonists be contented with this negative victory Why must they aim at the unnecessary and perilous triumph of substituting their own doctrines in the place of those which they have discomfited ? In the majority of the former night 95 were numbered many persons who profess to disapprove of abstract propositions . Those persons must , in common consistency , oppose the Propositions of the right hon . gent. , which are to the full as abstract as the original Resolutions . In that majority were many who not only did not agree with the right hon . gent , opposite to me , in denying the existence of a depreciation of the paper currency ; but who distinctly declared their entire conviction of the existence of that depreciation , and only thought it too notorious and undeniable to require the formality of a parliamentary affirmation . Can those persons be expected by the right hon . gent , to concur in the Resolutions which he is now bringing forward ? Others again there were , who , neither admitting nor denying the depreciation , were desirous only of escaping from the necessity of a decision either way ; contending that no result could be so satisfactory , as the discussion itself was mischievous . Will those persons thank the right hon . gent , for reviving a discussion which , if it had finally closed on Friday night , would have left them in quiet possession of their doubts , —doubts which any man might very reasonably prefer to a decision in support of the right hon . gentleman 's third Resolution ? Independently of this violence to the feeling and judgments of his supporters has the right hon . gent , no consideration for the reputation of the House of Commons itself , when he calls upon us , by voting that Resolution , to affirm a proposition , which I will venture to say , no man with-out the doors of the House , could affirm with a grave countenance ? The third Resolution is the essential part , the soul and spirit of the right hon . gentleman 's system . Of the other Resolutions , the 1st and the 15th are the only two , which ,