of England , had ended in depreciation ; and if the Bank of England had stood out longer , it was entirely owing to the greater credit of this country . The hon . gent . concluded with imploring them , therefore , to return to the old and salutary system . rose and said : Mr. Speaker , if the hon . member who has just spoken , alluded to my financial knowledge , I am only greatly surprised , and very much obliged to him . But he might as well have talked upon any thing else . For ; Mr. Speaker , I do n't like this business at all . I think that it is a humbug . I think that it is the greatest humbug that ever was put upon the country since that affair of the duke of York . There is no depreciation ; or I know nothing at all about the matter . I ca n't understand how they would make out that there is any depreciation of the currency of the country . No , Sir , this is all the attempt—this is all the system of the base faction , the cowardly faction , who are undermining the credit of the country . ( Cries of Order , order ! ) Yes , Sir , the faction that originates every thing malevolent to—— , but , Sir , I go to other things . Some gentlemen , Sir , say the guinea was once worth 20s . It is now worth 21s. , and some say it is worth 24s . Why , then , if this be the case , why not say so ? why not speak out ? why not raise the guinea at once , to 24s. ? I do n't pretend to puzzle myself with these things : but I say , let the country be firm ; let the country keep up the credit of its currency , and all will go well . There are various reports as to what goes with the gold ; some say it has disappeared ; and some say it has been hoarded on the seacoast , in order to send off by the first boats that come , to take it to . the continent . No matter for that . What should hinder our having a circulation of our own , that nobody could take from us ? The people would make no objection , they would take any thing for money ; they Would take tallow candles for change , if they would not melt in their pockets . If we once adopt this plan , we may defy the enemy as long as we like . We can make coin of leather or oyster-shells ; and if we can only keep up its credit for a year , we shall have Buonaparté on his knees at the end of it . He , that tyrant , the emperor of France him-self , will be in despair of ruining us . He will see that nothing can shake the stability , the firmness , the strength of the Bri- 140 tish empire . I wish I could see a gentleman here ( laughing ) , I mean , Mr. Speaker , I wish I could see a gentleman in his place ( Mr. Sheridan ) , that was here the other night , when we were talking about play-houses . A great man , a noble person , Sir , I would have given him a hundred play-houses . Sir , he always came forward , he always spoke when there was a mutiny , when there was a riot ; whenever , in short , the country was in danger , he forsook his party , and spoke his mind . He would certainly have , spoken now , and I only wish he was . here to speak . He would have put down this mean , conspiring set . ( Order , order ! ) ; Sir , I wish to set my face against the whole scheme . It grieves me