precedent for factious purposes and to the enriching of private families at the public expence . '' `` This Protest was signed Bathurst , Chancellor , also by the archbishop of York , the duke of Chandos , and lord Paget . Besides this provision for the next successors of this great man , however , the House of Commons , without any communication with , or any consent on the part of the House of Lords , did immediately proceed to vote to the late earl a monument , 347 and to address his Majesty to advance 20,000l . in discharge of his debts ; with this very circumstance of the Protest alive in their mind ; and of this additional grant voted by that House alone , no notice whatever was taken . In still later days a monument had been voted to the memory of Mr. Pitt , and a sum of 40,000l . granted for the payment of his debts , after considerable discussion , both by addresses of that House without any concurrence on the part of the House of Lords ; without even being brought under their notice ; for , though these sums were comprehended in the Appropriation Act , they were not stated as being to pay the debts of Mr. Pitt , but made part of a larger sum under the head— '' For sums issued pursuant to Addresses of this House . '' He knew that for certain smaller sums the House of Lords had been in the use of addressing the crown , such as for the expence of printing their own journals , & c. and he knew that there were at present counsel employed in their House in defending claims connected with their privileges , which must be attended with expence which it was proper they should have the means of discharging . He did not know whence had arisen the right or privilege of originating money bills in that House and not in the House of Lords , except in usage . Nothing was less desirable than that any difference should subsist between the Lords and the Commons : he was happy to say that there was not at this moment the appearance even of a disputed point . Tins being so , all that he had to call the attention of the House to this night was to a dispute between the crown and the House of Commons . What was the amount of the Answer which the Prince Regent had been advised to make to the Address of that House ? Why , that he would wait till the means of making good the sum were provided by parliament ! By parliament—a word never before used by the crown to that House—a word never used by the Speaker when he went to tender in the other House the Money Bills for the service of the year—a word never before used by the King in his speeches to the two Houses , in which , when he acknowledged receiving the supplies , he specially thanks the Commons for the supplies , and not the parliament , or the Lords and Commons jointly . And ought the House to allow that novel and unusual proceeding ? Should 348 they allow that expression to pass—'that he will wait till parliament make good the same . ' In the case of relief to the Portuguese , had not the Commons always been applied to , to extend their benevolence ; and if so , with what grace did the Prince Regent now come—with what grace was he placed before the House , telling them that he would wait till parliament enabled him to issue the money ? When that House was called on to vote millions for the exigencies of the State—for the support of the royal family—and to alleviate the distresses of foreign nations , was it becoming thus to deal with them , when they addressed the crown to advance a sum which they esteemed a fair and just debt truly owing by the country to an individual ? With what grace were they then told