had not received the bribe . He begged leave to remind the noble lord of a former occasion , upon which he had accused the King 's proctor , and compelled the government to lay open to the world the agency of a gen- 996 tleman , who , if ever he fell into the hands of the French , might suffer from the disclosure . The member for Bedford had declared , upon that occasion , that the explanation of the government was most satisfactory , yet the noble lord had now brought forward a new charge which had been satisfactorily answered also . As to the assertion that the king 's proctor demanded immoderate fees , he believed them to be less than those of others , and cited some instances in which the noble lord himself was concerned , as a proof of the moderation of his charges . The interest of the navy itself required that one responsible person should be employed , and the individual accused appeared entitled to the thanks of the country . He hoped when the noble lord heard such reports in future , that he would examine them privately at first , and go to the admiralty , where information was never refused . At all events , he hoped that he would never again come at the end of a session to attack the character of any individual in a measure which was not warranted by the circumstances of the case . defended the court of Admiralty from the imputations cast upon it by the noble lord . in reply , said , that he had not been answered in a single point . ( Hear ! hear ! ) He repeated , in not a single point . He had asked , why the answer of Cook and Halford to the right hon . gentleman 's letter , No . 5 , had not been presented among the other papers ? He had pressed that question strongly , but had got no answer . The right hon . gent , had , indeed , read captain Skene 's letter , approving of the disbursement of 500l . but captain Skene 's information on the subject had been defective . He repeated that the proctor and his clerks had been averse to the prosecution of the cause , till the application of the stimulus which they had no right to receive . If a Committee had been granted him last year , he would have proved that 27,000l . had been improperly taken from the navy by that office : but when gentlemen refused an inquiry , it was too much to tell him that his accusations were unfounded . If they put these cases in a different light , and argued upon them , he could not help that ; he spoke of the king 's proctor , not as an individual , but as a public officer entrusted with duties which he could not fully perform . The right hon . gent . plumed himself on the answer of captain 997 Mason , complimenting him on the attention which he had paid to his case , and the interests of navy captors in general ; but captain Mason , too , might have been ill-informed on the subject . The right hon . gent . had written to captain Mason , that measures had been taken , under the sanction of the court of Admiralty , to prevent undue charges by the agents at the out ports in future . Why was there not some enactment on the subject , that officers of the navy might have something precise to trust to ? The hon . and learned gent . opposite ( Mr. Stephen ) had last year moved a Resolution that every thing had been conducted in the most proper way by the law officers . How the House could have agreed to such a Resolution without inquiry , was to him astonishing . He saw no foundation for the delicacy alledged with regard to bringing forward the name of Moir , as it had long been