. With respect to his vote on the Bullion Committee , that he had given conscientiously , but if he had had the good fortune even to have heard his right hon . friend 's speeches , he did not think they would have altered that vote . His right hon . friend seemed to think that the finances of the country were gone , and Buonaparte , therefore , was more generous , for he allowed that they would stand ten years . He lamented that the House was not in a Committee , for then he could have confuted all his right hon . friend 's arguments '' which the rules of the House would not permit him to do . said , that before he had been instructed , from the authority of the Chair , that it was irregular , he had intended to move his Resolutions as an amendment to the question of the third reading of the Gold Coin Bill . In now moving them , for the purpose of having them entered on the Journals , he did it , not with the object of creating a debate , although he knew that many gentlemen near him were not indisposed for it , even at that late hour of the night . His Resolutions ' would contain a censure on the conduct of the Bank Directors ; which he conceived they had too well merited . Notwithstanding the sneer of an hon . Bank director , on a similar observation of his , a sneer that seemed to meet with so favourable a reception from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , he had to state that he still felt as much distrust as ever in power , —and not only in power , but also in monopoly . But where power and monopoly were united , and when it was shewn that they were working together for a common end , he conceived a case was made out sufficient to excite the jealousy and vigilance of every man who professed or felt a regard for the constitution , He was the more strongly impressed with the necessity of this censure , on hearing , not a little to his surprise , the high tone lately assumed by an hon . Bank director , a tone as little as possible warranted by the conduct of that corporation , of which he was a member . When he heard it said that the mere possession of the qualifying sum of 2,000l . was not a consideration capable of influencing any director or proprietor of stock in the vote , which , as a member of parliament , he might give on this Bill ; and when he found that under this language it was designed to conceal that extensive interest which was derived to every trader , and to every trading company in the power of accommodating others by advances ; when he found that it was openly contended that on a Bill which was to sanction an unlimited issue of paper on the part of a commercial company , that company had no direct interest in the decision of the question , he felt a degree of alarm that strengthened his conviction of the propriety of his Resolutions . When he saw , too , that however excessive those issues , the government was ever prompt to lend their support and countenance to the 1108 abuse , he could have no doubt of the justness of the censure . He would , not longer detain the House , but move his first Resolution.—The hon . and learned gentleman then moved the first of the following get of Resolutions : `` 1 . That by the law and constitution of these realms , it is the undoubted right of every man to sell , or otherwise dispose of his properly for whatever he deems to be its value , or whatever consideration he chuses to accept . And that every man possessed of a Bank note , or other security for the payment of money , has an undoubted right to