public service . did not very well understand what the right hon . gent . meant by being compelled by others to bring forward a Bill for his own benefit , He , for one , was persuaded that all the great offices under government should be provided with ample salaries , and he was sensible that many of the salaries were by no means adequate ; and had this very office of President of the Board of Controul been in the hands of any other person than the right hon . gent. , he should have willingly consented to have the salary increased ; but when he considered that this increase was called for at a period of peculiar national distress , and that the right hon . gent . enjoyed already a sinecure office to a considerable amount , and when he considered what , in his mind , was conclusive with respect to the present period , that claims of the greatest importance had been postponed , the claims of the officers of the army and navy , of those men who were employed in the most efficient service of the state , who had the most undeniable right of preference , he could not consent to the present augmentation . He thought it was by no means judicious to agree to the augmentation , without previously going into a more extensive inquiry ; for be was not only satisfied that the salaries 328 of the Board of Controul were great , but were equal to those of the other government offices . The Treasury , for instance , which was the most laborious office under government , except the Admiralty , had not salaries equal to the Board of Controul . observed , the question whether the East India company 's charter ought to be renewed , and whether the salaries of the officers of the Board of Controul were to be adequate , was perfectly distinct ; and he could see no reason if these salaries were at present inadequate , why they should not be augmented . The office of the President of the Board of Controul should be made substantive , and equal in point of salary to the other great offices under government . With respect to the sinecure office which it had been said the right hon . gent . enjoyed under government , it was not properly a public sinecure , but was paid from the fees of suitors in a court of law ; and it consisted with his knowledge , that it had been pledged by the right hon . gent. , for the sake of defraying his father 's expences at Westminster Hall . observed that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Dundas ) seemed to rise up in great wrath that he had been personally alluded to . The truth , was , that the present was intrinsically a personal question , and if the right hon . gent . chose to bring forward claims for remuneration of its services , it was necessary to enter into the consideration of the merits on which those claims were founded . He thought the learned gent , who spoke last had shewn a great indiscretion in alluding to the pledging of the sinecure office . objected to the principle of the Bill altogether . conceivedthat no real ground of objection had been stated to the increase . As the recommendation came from successive presidents of the Board , and consequently did not originate with his right hon . friend , nothing had been said to prove that it would be improper to grant the increase now . expressed his determination to vote against any increase of salary , as the claims of the officers of the army and navy were infinitely greater than the claims of civil officers . He was aware of the embarrassed situation of the country ; but when ministers talked of the flourishing state of the finances , it was his duty to mention the claims of the profession to which he belonged . A right hon . 329 bart . (