ex officio by the Attorney General against John Drakard and John Collyer , with copies of the record of the conviction and sentence . hoped , when his I conduct was called in question , that the House would indulge him while he gave an account what that conduct had been . He begged the noble lord not to believe that he could have talked disrespectfully in another place of any motion made by the noble lord in that House . He might , no doubt , have expressed himself in the terms retailed to the noble lord , and , when an application for delay was moved , might , turning to those near him , have said in an under tone , `` what will such a person say , if I consent to any postponement . '' He verily believes he had said so , and that , too , just in the way in which he had described it , and that some busy person had thought it worth his while to retail it to the noble lord . He was satisfied , however , that the noble lord was incapable of supposing that he could have been actuated in any thing he did by the conduct of the noble lord in bringing the subject under the consideration of the House , or that he could ever have allowed such a circumstance to act on him in such a way as to cause him to deviate from the line of his duty , which , he was conscious , he had never transgressed on any occasion . If the noble lord could suppose him capable of visiting the offence of any man with greater bitterness because he had communicated with the noble lord , he did him great injustice . He should feel mortified could he believe that the noble lord supposed him capable of such a violation of duty.—He then proceeded to consider the two casts brought under the notice of the House by the noble lord . First , as to the case of Drakard , the noble lord seemed to conceive that after the Hunts , the Proprietors of the Examiner , had been acquitted , he ( the Attorney-Ge- 602 neral ought to have been contented , and should have thought the cause of justice satisfied . Though there were many unexceptionable answers which might be given to this observation , there was one short one , which he thought was sufficient , and that was , that the noble lord must have been misinformed , for the two publications were not alike : Hunt 's was not an exact copy of Drakard 's , but there were many grossly offensive passages in Drakard 's libel which had not found their way into Hunt 's publication . He did not agree , however , that the acquittal of Hunt was a sufficient reason for staying the proceedings against Drakard , even had the publications been exactly the same . One would suppose , however , from the statement of the noble lord , that he ( the Attorney-Gerneral ) bunted down these persons from a pleasure which he took in oppressing them . If he did use the word 'pleasure ' when he communicated to the noble lord the fact of Collyer 's having been convicted , his using that expression did not proceed from any pleasure he felt at the circumstance itself , but , simply , from finding that he was correct in what he had stated on a former night , merely on recollection . With the sentence imposed on Drakard he had no concern . For that he could not answer ; but at the same time he must say , that it could not at all be affected by the acquittal of Hunt . The court of King 's Bench had to look to all the circumstances of the libel itself , and to apportion the punishment to the enormity of it , without regard to any extraneous circumstances . They were to say , what was a just punishment for the libel as it appeared before