which the right hon . gent . has taken me by suprize , and wrested from me these facts in my own defence . Had I brought this matter forward voluntarily , I do assure the House that it was my intention to have cleared the Gallery , to prevent publicity . observed , that by the noble lord 's own statement , the circumstances of the prison were altered . There had been a mortality among the prisoners in the spring of 1810 , from the arrival of some French from the West Indies , in a very dirty state . Those mea brought fever into the prison , but it was soon got under . The Chancellor of the Exchequer then succinctly answered the other statements , and concluded by expressing his surprise that if the noble lord had known of all those charges , he had never brought them forward before . The prisoners were at this moment in a state of comfort unequalled in any military prison , and in a state of health which was not exceeded by that of the healthiest district of England . felt himself obliged to make some observations on what had fallen from the noble lord . He had taken the pains of making many enquiries into the state of the prisoners , and he must say , that all his enquiries were satisfactorily answered . There had been a fever in the prison , from infection ; that was got over . As to the assertions , that there was a difficulty of corresponding with the Transport Board , be had happened to have a good deal of correspondence with 639 the Board on the subject of those very French prisoners , and he would say , that he was surprised , not merely at the quickness of their returning an answer , but at the minute information which they gave of every prisoner . He had observed , in one of his visits , that there was a want of clothing among the prisoners , but the reply was nearly satisfactory . Some of those prisoners possibly had reason to complain , that enough clothes had not been furnished to them lately ; but of others , it was known , that if they had three rags , they would gamble away two of them . The situation of the prisoners at Dartmoor seemed as comfortable as the situation of a prisoner could be . said the malignant fever was in January , and that in April , out of 5,000 prisoners , there were but 60 sick . said that to his certain know-ledge the water at Dartmoor was excellent . reprobated the injudicious and careless spirit in which many of the observations on the subject had been hazarded by the noble lord . , after a few observations en the legal nature of divorce , moved that some provision for Mrs. Loveden might be allotted out of her own portion . He conceived that he should not exceed moderate bounds , by naming 300l . a year . ( A cry from all parts of the House of—Name 400l . ) stated , that he had learned from the counsel in this case that Mr. Loveden objected to her having any annuity , as she had a jointure of 800l a year , which she might sell . ( A cry of no , no . ) thought 400l . a year extremely moderate , when it was considered that the party was a young woman . If no provision were given , it would be an inducement for old honourable members of that House to marry young wives . ( A laugh , and Order . ) hoped for the credit of the House , that they would not , with their eyes open , drive a young and very unfortunate woman into courses , if possible more vicious than those which had ruined her character already . , in allusion to sir J. Graham 's expressions ) wished it not to be un- 640 derstood as the idea of that House , that a