, for the perfect security of all persons who shall at any time become possessed of any such credit as aforesaid , it is expedient that triplicate correspond- 913 ing entries be made , the first of which shall be on the Bank hook at such place , the second of which shall be delivered to the person who shall have brought the Bank notes as a certificate of the proper entry having been made , and the third of which shall be forthwith transmitted to the original Bank of England in London , in order to be by them filed and daily transmitted to the Tower of London , for safe custody , after such last mentioned triplicate shall have been duly recorded in the books at the Bank of England itself , and that every transfer be made in like manner . 14 . `` That , as under proper regulations in detail , such book entries and such book transfers can not ever be forged , it would be highly expedient that the law should authorise legal tenders to be made , by tendering such a book transfer as aforesaid of the sum due in such form and manner as shall hereafter be prescribed by law . '' strongly objected to their lordships adopting any proceeding whatever , in the present instance , with regard to the propositions of his noble friend . He should rather think what his noble friend meant was , that what he now said should be regarded as a species of notice of his intention to submit such propositions on some future day , than as expressive of his desire to obtain a vote of the House on topics of such extent , importance , and magnitude , without any previous notice being given , in the present circumstances of the session , or in an attendance so extremely thin as the present . For his part , he could not agree in acceding to any propositions which involved the supposition of the insolvency of the Bank of England . This was a consideration which he , and those with whom he acted , in all the discussions which had taken place on the subject , had never called in question , however they might differ in sentiment as to the restrictions upon the Bank . Neither could he accede to any proposition for the legislalure giving its sanction to a principle which militated against that of the precious metals being the preferable circulating medium . These were points of weighty importance , not to be lightly agitated , and still less lightly decided upon . What struck him as the most advisable way of proceeding at present was , to move to adjourn the debate to a future day , he should suggest Tuesday . , in explanation , deprecated the idea of any thing being advanced in the Resolutions which went to infer a want of solvency on the part of the Bank ; on the contrary , the whole of his proposed system went upon the principle that the Bank was amply solvent , and the effect of what he proposed would be to augment and establish its solidity ; and the more to evince that such was his conviction , he was ready to strike out those words from the Resolution which possibly gave rise to the idea . He requested his noble friend to recollect he had offered no motion upon . the subject , tending to imply the sanction of the House . He trusted , that whenever this important subject should come to be discussed , it would be considered more in the spirit of a deliberative than a debating assembly . As to the proposed mode he had no objection ; and moved , accordingly , that the Lords be summoned for Tuesday next.—The debate arising on the above was then ordered to be adjourned till Tuesday , and their lordships to be summoned for that day . said , that after the many able and eloquent speeches which had been made on this subject , he should not trouble the House at any