the use of notes . Gentlemen uninformed on this topic naturally assumed , that when our trade and revenue and public expenditure were extended , the amount of notes requisite for these enlarged payments must be nearly proportionate . But this was very far from being the case . In the infancy of paper credit , the circulation of such an establishment as the Bank of England might regularly and uniformly increase : a lime , nevertheless , would come when it would begin to diminish ; but exactly at what period , and in what degree , this change would take place , was not easily ascertained . When the Bank was instituted , and for some time afterwards , the fund which private bankers , who were then goldsmiths , kept in store as a provision against emergency , consisted chiefly of gold ; but by slow degrees it became Bank of England notes . The papers before the House would accordingly shew how very trifling was the circulation of the Bank at an early period of their establishment , and how greatly it after a time advanced . But it was not regularly progressive in proportion as confidence increased . The banker suffered a loss of interest proportionate to the amount of Bank paper in his possession for which , therefore , he would be disposed to substitute a paper from which he such disadvantage accrued . Exchequer bills furnished one provision of this sort . They yielded interest to the banker , and yet were convertible by a very short and sure process into bank-notes . Bank paper , therefore , was by no means the perfection of the system it was not his last and best supply . '' The last and best supply had been furnished from the Bank of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who well knew to what an extent his-issues of this kind had been recently carried . Bills of exchange also , and other articles of a similar nature , served exceedingly to spare the use of notes ; and a variety of devices was resorted to for the same purpose . As in many manufacturing concerns there had been a perpetual 92 exercise of ingenuity , and a consequent abridgment of labour ; so in the banking system there had been an exertion of the talents of individuals in producing the necessary quantity of notes . Evidence had been given before the Bullion Committee of the increasing number of money-brokers , who passed from one banking-house to another , and supplied the daily and hourly wants of one quarter , by carrying away the superfluity of another . If we could suppose the sixly or seventy bankers of the metropolis to be reduced to six or seven , it was obvious that a very diminished quantity of notes would suffice for the same business . The improvements in the banking system tended to unite , as it were , into one house , for the purpose of which he was speaking , even those bankers who held no direct communication with each other . The quantity of notes kept by private families was also , as he believed , continually diminishing through the increased habit of employing bankers , and of circulating drafts upon them , in and round the metropolis . The circulation of Bank of England notes in the country the still spoke of those of 5l . and upwards ) , had probably also diminished , in consequence of the immense increase of country banks . The sum total of the stock of Bank of England notes kept in store by these banks might be augmented ; but that stock consisted , in a great degree , of those 1l . and 2l . notes , which he had left out of his calculation . The hon . gentleman concluded with observing , that he was conscious of having left almost untouched many important parts of this extensive subject . The material point . however , of the nature of the standard , over which so much obscurity was thrown by