, which pervades the right hon . gentleman 's Resolution . The business of law is with conduct ; but when it is put forward to influence opinion , pains and penalties are seldom far behind . I like but little the period of our history , to which my hon . and learned friend the Attorney General , was obliged to go back to find a penal statute for settling opinions upon the value of money ; that statute upon which the late convictions have taken place , and upon the applicability of which to the present times the judges are now deliberating . 'This statute was passed at a period when our coin had been debased , in the course of three years , considerably upwards of 200l . per cent . ; and when the total debasement , as compared with the original standard , was not less than 355 per cent . The consequence of this debasement , as stated by lord Liverpool , was , that merchants and tradesmen increased the price of every article which they had to self to counteract this effect , government tried every method to keep up the value of the debased coins : prices were set on all the necessary articles of consumption ; laws were passed for regulating the manner of buying and selling ; the law against regraters , forestallers , and engrossers , since repealed , was passed on that occasion . Amongst those admirable and judicious efforts of wholesome and enlightened legislation , was enacted the law , for inflicting penalties on those who should `` exchange any coined gold or coined silver at a greater value than the same was or should be declared , by his Majesty 's proclamation , to be current for within his dominions . '' Such is the law which , according to the Tight honourable gentlemen , secures the equivalency of the different sorts of our currency—Such is the shelf from which that law has been taken down and brought into use on the present auspicious occasion : —a law passed at a time which the late lord Liverpool forcibly describes as a 114 `` period of convulsion in our monetary system , '' and in company with laws which have since been repealed as a disgrace to the statute book . Faulty , however , as our legislation appears to have been at the period to which we are referring , it at least did not fall into the absurdity of declaring such laws to be the opinions of the people . If the right honourable gentleman is determined to force opinions to conform to his law , he must come down a few years later in our history . He must pass from the reign of Edward the 6th , to that of queen Mary , to find the most approved method of applying the operation of law to the reformation of speculative opinions . Even in times , however , of such ignorance and such licentious theory in respect to the value of money , there were not wanting in one part of this island , shrewder spirits , who saw the errors into which the English government were running , and determined to guard against their effects at least upon themselves . it the year 1529 , it is related , in a note to lord Liverpool 's Treatise : 'Gavin Dun bar , bishop of Aberdeen , in a contract with William Sutherland , of Duffus , stipulated that , `` if it should happen that the money of Scotland , or of any other kingdom which passes in Scotland , be raised to a higher price than it is now taken in payment for , whereby the reverend father , his heirs or assigns , be made poorer or in a worse condition , he the said William Sutherland should pay to the possessors ; ( whoever they may be ) , of the annual rent reserved therein , for every mark of 52 pennies , one ounce of pure silver of a certain fineness , or else its true value in