applied to this evil ? Far be it from me to presume on this or on any other occasion to usurp the authority of his name , or to employ it for any purpose , which is not warranted by his recorded opinions . But that he would have applied some remedy , —that he would not have been contented to let the evil take its course , if there were in human wisdom the means of checking it ; —that he would not have sought to reconcile delusion with credit ; —and to palliate a departure from principles by a denial of the principles themselves ; —every man who remembers his characteristic firmness , who recollects the difficulties which he had to combat , and the manner in which he combated and overcame them , will , I think , be ready to acknowledge . If I am asked what remedy I would my-self apply , I again say , as I have said before , that it must rest with the executive government to propose , as they alone cart advantageously carry into effect , any measure of practical benefit . But I have no difficulty in offering one suggestion , '' which has indeed been in some degree anticipated in the course of these debates . '' The Bank proprietors have made great and unusual gains under the operation of the Bank restriction I say this without the smallest intention of laying blame upon the Bank , or of exciting any invidious feeling towards them . The directors of that institution , I again repeat , have , so far as I can judge , acted for the best in the discharge of a new and most difficult duty . But the fact I believe , will not be disputed . Great gains have been made in consequence of the Bank restriction . The issues of Bank paper , whether '' too large or not in another view , have un- ' deniably been much larger than they could have been , had the obligation to '' ' pay in cash upon demand continued , or been renewed—These gains certainly formed no part of the inducement to lay on or to renew the Bank restriction . They form no ground to continue it . But it is obvious , —t is in the principles of human nature—hat they must form a temptation to the Bank proprietors to with for its continuance . It is obvious also , that if 123 the issues are inordinately extended , the difficulty of resuming cash payments must be proportionably augmented . And it is still more obvious , that whether those motives and those causes do in fact so operate or no , from the natural invidious-ness attendant on great gains , the world in general will be apt to suspect and impute their operation . Now the public has no right to complain that the Bank Restriction , though not laid or continued in contemplation of advantage to the Bank proprietors , has incidentally been productive of such advantage : but they hare a right to expect that no impediment shall on that ground be thrown in the way of the removal of the Restriction . A continued increase of profit , and a continued raising of the dividends to the Bank proprietors , if it had not that effect , would have I hat appearance . The dividend is now , I believe , 10 per cent . There surely it might stop . All surplus profit beyond that amount , during the continuance of the Restriction , might be strictly appropriated as a fund for the purchase of bullion , at whatever price . It is not in my contemplation that the public ( as has been suggested in several quarters since this question has been in discussion ) should enter into any share of the extraordinary profits , or meddle in any degree in the management of the Bank . No such thing . Let those extraordinary profits remain in full , undisputed and unenvied property to the Bank . But as they are created by the