and no repeal of any of its exemptions took place by the 19th of the King , although it granted further immunities to particular parties therein designated . Let their lordships , then , for-get that any petitions had been presented against this Bill , and only consider that it went to repeal these two acts—could they accede to it ? The noble viscount was in error when he supposed that itinerant preachers or probationers , by subscribing the declaration , and taking out the license , were exempted from parochial offices . There could be no doubt in the minds of magistrates on this subject , and a single Mandamus in the court of King 's Bench would decide the matter at once and for ever . The law was as clear as possible in the exemptions and immunities ; and if the noble viscount thought these immunities went too far , in cases where the military necessities of the country might be Concerned , he might propose to alter that in a much better manner than by trenching on the Toleration Act . There were two millions of persons in the situation of the petitioners against this Bill , whom he recollected in the bosom of the Church , from which they were driven by religious persecution . They were driven to this secession from the jurisdiction of the Church , but not to a very great difference of doctrine . He called on them not to increase that persecution , but suffer all Christians to join in promoting the salvation of mankind , as recommended by the right reverend prelate opposite . He then paid a handsome tribute of approbation to the late lady Huntingdon , and to Mr. Westley , as 246 well as to his followers , for the rectitude of their lives , and abstinence from political affairs . Other strong reasons against the Bill were to be found in the united opposition of Dissenters of every description , as well as Methodists , and in the situation of his Majesty . The King , after his declaration , could be no party to any alteration of the laws , to render them less tolerant ; and were he Regent , be would say , while the prerogative is suspended , I will never agree to this Bill . ( A cry of order ! ) He apologized for any disorder , and concluded by moving , as an amendment , '' That the Bill be read a second time this day six months . '' felt convinced , that no man was more averse to breaking in upon the great principles of the Toleration Act , than his noble friend who pro- , posed the Bill . The different modes of interpreting that act , were , however , facts incapable of contradiction ; and if a man was refused a licence in one county , it was much more easy for him to go to another where he might obtain it , than apply for a mandamus to the court of King 's bench , which was necessarily accompanied with considerable expence . He also knew , that the late act explained the exemptions as to the Militia : but there were great doubts as to who were entitled to such exemptions . To shew the laxity of interpretation which prevailed at one time , he could recollect that in hi '' younger years , and when he was liable to be drawn for the militia , it was proposed to him to get himself exempted by paying sixpence for a licence . He knew the law was so understood at that time ; erroneously unquestionably . He had known of some instances that occurred among those persons who came to take the qualifications of the most total ignorance . There were some who could neither read nor write , and who absolutely , when the name of another was written down , carried it away as their own . He believed the Bill to be well intended , and capable of doing good , but under the present circumstances he thought