hid themselves behind their majority , and baffled the attempt at enquiry . And was this really 489 the whole boast of the minister 's responsibity ? But let the House , without considering any farther how much these high-minded ministers might be able or inclined to stand its verdict , come to their reasons for the appointment of the duke of York . What was the first reason ? The army was extensive , the business was heavy , and Sir David Dundas was old . He was too old for the overpowering business of the Commander in Chief 's office . How old was he now ! or how much older was he now , than when the office was given to him ? Yes , this was a question which the magnanimity of ministers would probably leave to those who would investigate it . It had been said , and most disgraceful was the imputation , that Sir David Dundas was put into office , soiely that he might keep it for the duke of York . What else could have put in Sir David Dundas ? He meant no slight whatever to that officer as a military man ; he was already distinguished in the service ; but was he so much in the vigour of youth two years ago , as to make him the fittest man for the station which now pressed upon his extreme and enfeebled old age ? Who said this ? This was the saying , the very language of ministers ; and in whatever shape they might mould their defence , it must be an insult on the capacity of Sir David Dundas.—There was another point . The astuteness , the practised , active , professional subtlety of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had found out , that the word now , in a previous resolution , meant nothing but the exclusion of the duke of York for the time : and after establishing that point , his next discovery was , that the rejection of the word 'now ' implied a perfect liberty in that House to reinstate the duke , or at least to agitate the question of his reinstatement . All this was to be expected from that right hon . gent . : but it was not the meaning of the Address of the member for Corte Castle ; nor , if there was any thing like a faithful record in words , was it the language of that other hon . member ( Mr. Bathurst ) who had so suddenly changed his opinion . If the resolution had not been adopted , what had prevented it ? What , but the retiring of the duke of York ? Was not the language of the debate plain—was not the general feeling clear ? But it was thought that the duke of York , by yielding to the sense of the House and of the country , had made it indelicate to press him farther . Delicacy was in such things a foolish word . What 490 had the duke of York actually done ? He saw the cloud gathering round him , and he took his resolution to escape . He re-tired from office , and he thus evaded the shock which would have forced him from it.—An hon . member had said , in the course of the present debate , that a man of the duke 's rank ought not to be entrusted with the command of the army of the empire . True ; nothing could be more true . The very transaction of the moment was an argument worth all others . It was his opinion at all times ; but if it ever wanted confirmation , it was confirmed now . He had been charged with alluding to the private life of the duke , but he had fully disclaimed all idea of the kind , until the duke 's private life was mingled with public transactions , and then it became public and reprehensible . Was there a single man in the country , except