, in these respects , it was never transcended . could not avoid saying a few words respecting a point which more than once had been alluded to that evening . He was confident the liberal and enlightened mind of lord Wellington felt superior to every consideration of the kind . His renown was too well established , not only in this country , but throughout the world , to suffer him to harbour such a sentiment ; but if any thing could add to his satisfaction , it would be to reflect that his great example was followed by a commander so near to him—that he had infused into British generals the noble spirit of emulation . He acquiesced , of course , in all that had been said in applause of the glorious action under their consideration . explained , and highly panegyrised the military character of lord Wellington , to whom , in some degree , the success in question was to be attributed , in consequence of his admirable and very 516 judicious arrangements for , the conduct of the whole campaign . Indeed , he thought it impossible for any man of common sense to say that the vote of thanks to general Beresford could not be considered also as conveying a high compliment to the character of lord Wellington . then moved the Thanks of the House in the usual form , to generals Cole , Stewart , and the other principal officers of the army under the command of Marshal Beresford ; which were voted in the usual manner . Also to the non-commissioned officers and privates serving in the different corps , and that the Lord Chancellor be desired to communicate the said Thanks in the customary manner to Marshal Beresford . His lordship also moved , That this House do highly approve of and acknowledge the meritorious conduct , the skill and valour displayed by the Spanish army under the command of general Blake , on the 16th of May last , in the glorious battle at Albuera . expressed his wish to be informed by the noble earl what precedents existed of a proceeding of the kind , especially with respect to the mode of conveying the sense of parliament to those officers of our allies who were the objects of the vote ? As the matter stood at present , it must be through the medium of the British commander . He seemed to think , by means of an Address to the crown , or to the person exercising the royal authority , that the sense entertained by parliament of the services of our allies might be conveyed : he had not read the precedents with respect to similar cases ; he had the highest respect for the honour conferred by such a vote of the legislature , but thought the channel or mode of conveying the expressions of such sense should be in the manner likely to prove the most agreeable and respectful to those who were the objects of it . observed , that the noble baron could not be more solicitous upon that point than he was himself ; but precedents existed of proceedings of the kind , particularly in the seven years ' war , in the case of the thanks voted to prince Ferdinand . He adverted to the frequent communication between the commander 517 in chief and the government of that country , and said that care should be taken so to explain the matter to our illustrious allies , as would obviate every objection on that score . expressed himself satisfied with what had fallen from the noble secretary of state.—The question was then put , and the motion agreed to , nem . diss . , pursuant to notice , moved , That a Committee be appointed to examine and state the Account of Parish Apprentices bound within the Bills of Mortality , and report the same to the House . expressed his regret , that a Bill , on this subject had not been prepared at an earlier period of the session , and commented with much feeling on