sir J. Anstruther ) had stated that they had greater incitements than the hope of pecuniary rewards.— '' They , to be sure , '' said the honourable general , `` seek the bubble reputation in the cannon 's mouth ; '' but would it procure them wine and bread ? '' The right hon . bart . might talk of incitements—some incitements were laudable ; lawyers would sometimes leave Westminster Hall to seek the clime of India ; to toil in their avocations , under a silk palanquin , or scale the back of an elephant . They met with reward , and returned to this country enriched with the spoils of the East ; but did the hon . gent . ever hear of any member of the military profession returning from the continent after the spoils of war , and the repose enjoyed on the ground under a wet blanket , enriched in purse , or with any other reward , than what he acquired by his valour ? The hon . general stated his determined resolution to opposeall increase of salaries to public officers , until the claims of the army and navy professions so immediately necessary to the salvation of the country , were attended to . moved the order of the day for the House going into a Committee on the Militia Interchange Bill.—on the question that the Speaker do leave the chair , wished ; in consequence of a meeting of colonels of Militia , and lord lieutenants of counties , held this day , and their having appointed a Committee to wait on the Chancellor of the Exchequer to-morrow , that some delay might be granted , to afford them an opportunity of urging their objections to the Bill . stated of his own knowledge , that objections were entertained in Ireland against this Bill . The Irish militia were not precisely on the same footing with the English militia , that is , they were not the same kind of constitutional military force ; besides , if the Irish were to be compelled to come over and bear arms in this country , they had a right to require that they should be allowed the free and undisturbed exercise of their religion . In requiring this , the Irish only asked of England to give them the same privileges she gave to the German troops now in this country . 330 He thought some delay absolutely necessary , to communicate with their constituents on this subject . He should therefore move as an amendment , that this Committee be postponed to Friday , the 7th of June . followed on the same side , and stated that , according to notice , a Catholic meeting was to-morrow to be held in Dublin , to consider of the propriety of petitioning on the subject of allowing the Catholics the free exercise of their religion . If this measure , as was said , was intended to promote union , let it not be made the subject , of controversy . By the 1st of Geo . 1 , chap . 13 , it was rendered penal to carry arms without taking the oath of supremacy , and he could not see reason why a doubt on this subject should be suffered to remain on the mind of any one , when a single explicit clause in this Bill would do it away . was of the same opinion , and read part of a letter from the titular archbishop of Tuam to the effect , that the . Irish Catholics would oppose the measure , unless the free exercise of their religion was secured to them by law . This should , he said , be a matter of right , and not dependent on the will of any officer . The introduction of a clause to that effect , would promote recruiting in Ireland , and was beside the least objectionable , and most statesman-like mode of acting . It would also prevent the meetings projected in various parts , and he should , therefore , prefer having such a clause