them . This they had done , and the noble lord had not thought proper to enter Into an investigation of the libel for the purpose of shewing that the punishment was disproportionate to the offence . He now came to the case of Collyer ; and here the House would please to consider who the persons were , against whom the libel was published . They were gentlemen who undertook a laborious and invidious office for the sake of the public , and if they were not to be protected against calumny in the exercise of their duty , the office must remain unexecuted . He did assure the noble lord , that never in any case had more pains been taken to ascertain what were its real merits , than he had taken in this very case . He had not confined his inquiries to the consideration of the libel , but he had also exerted himself to ascer- 603 tain if Collyer had any real ground of complaint . Though that would not have operated as an excuse , still he had satisfied himself on this head before he filed an information against him . The libel did not , in fact , apply to an appeal on oath made by Collyer at the time , but he had gone on withholding part of his income for five years . So far , too , from the Commissioners being satisfied without prosecuting Collyer , it was only on a complaint from them that they could not go on in their office , if the matter was allowed to pass , that he was prosecuted . The two printers were first prosecuted , and the Commissioners agreed to wave the prosecution against them , if the author was given up . This he ( the Attorney-General ) disapproved of , thinking the printer or publisher often as mischievous a character as the author ; but he did not think himself warranted in refusing to accede after such an agreement had been made . So far , therefore , from originating with him , the prosecution against Collyer had been under-taken at the express desire of the Commissioners themselves . It was to be observed , however , that after the libel in question had been printed by Cowdroy , Collyer himself took it , and paid 15s . for giving it still farther publicity . That these circumstances must have had some effect with the court , no man could deny . It was impossible for any dispassionate man to look at the publication , and not to see that it imputed to the Commissioners , that they acted from corrupt motives , or from the very worst of passions . These being the circumstances of the two cases , alluded to by the noble lord , he submitted to the House , that there could be no ground for imputing any thing improper to him ; certainly there was nothing improper in the court who had pronounced the sentences in question . begged to say a few words , not respecting any thing improper on the part of the hon . and learned gent . who , he had no doubt , had acted most fairly and constitutionally , but simply to make a general observation , that he had remarked for some time , that the punishments inflicted on offences of this kind were most exceedingly severe . He had occasion some considerable time ago to present a Petition on the part of White and Hart , whose period of imprisonment was now nearly expired . There the imprisonment was for three years ; a punishment infinitely beyond what could be sup- 604 posed adequate to any offence of the kind . He had since heard of another charge of a similar kind , against White , for a libel inserted in his paper at a time when he could have no inspection of it ; but he hoped after so long an imprisonment , it would not be persevered in.—As to the case of Drakard , he could not judge , not having read the