debt , his action of covenant , and his action of ejectment , if he did not chuse to take bank-notes , was it too much to say that he should be prevented from seizing the goods or stock of his tenant , merely because he did not chuse to take the Bank notes in payment which his tenant had tendered ? This Bill was not compulsory on the landlord to take bank notes from his tenant in payment of rent . It merely said this , as the legislature in 1797 had said with respect to creditors generally , that he should not seize the goods or stock of his tenant , where the rent had been tendered in banknotes . The legislature , whilst it did not compel the creditor to accept bank-notes in payment of his debt , had prohibited him from arresting the person of his debtor where the amount of the debt had been tendered in Bank notes . If the landlord persevered in bringing his action , because he did not chuse to take bank notes , the tenant would be justified in resorting to every legal mode of fighting out his landlord upon the question , and bringing his writ of error to have the question solemnly determined . What , however , would the landlord get by this offer ? Every legal proceeding having been exhausted on the 851 part of him and his tenant , he would find I at last that he must take those very bank notes which his tenant had originally tendered to him . Was it then too much to say , that the landlord should not have the power of distraining upon his tenant , merely because the former chose to demand gold , which it was impossible for the latter to procure ? Suppose the landlord of his house in Bedford-square chose to demand his 300l . rent in gold , which it was impossible for him ( the Lord Chancellor ) to procure , was he to be prevented from going to the court of Chancery to give judgment in a cause , because his books had been seized upon , which he had been continually accumulating , that he might obtain information for the purpose of doing justice between party and party , and all this merely because it was impassible for him to procure the gold which his landlord had chosen to demand ? Those who objected to this Bill must be prepared to go the full length of saying that they were ready to repeal immediately the act of 1797 , for otherwise they could not , in any fairness , object to a Bill which grew out of the transaction , in 1797 . But what , in that case , was to be substituted ? that the noble lord declined to state , like the noble lord near him respecting the Catholic question , who would not tell him what securities he proposed to establish , if the Catholic claims were granted , but merely said to him , `` You differed in sentiment on the subject with Mr. Pitt , and therefore I can not tell you . '' To return , however , to the subject , it was impossible to agree in the expediency of the enactment of 1797 , preventing a debtor from being arrested who had tendered his debt in Bank-notes , and not to acknowledge the justice of the preterit Bill in placing the tenant in the same situation with respect to his goods and stock where he had tendered his rent in Bank-notes . The Bill was , besides , rendered necessary , in order to prevent individuals from depreciating the notes of the Bank of England at their pleasure . It was still the more rendered necessary , by the decision which the judges had been persuaded to come to in the case of De Yonge . [ Some observation was made , by lord Grenville , on the expresion `` persuaded to come to . '' ] In using the expression `` persuaded to come to , '' the first