upon that occasion , he did not see why it should not be beneficial as a permanent regulation . He then moved , `` That the Act 35 Geo . 3 , c : 28 , to enable petty officers in the Navy , and seamen , non-commissioned officers of marines and marines , serving in his Majesty 's navy , to allot part of their pay fox the maintenance of their wives and families , might be read : '' And the same 591 being read ; be further moved , `` That this House will resolve itself into a Committee ; of the whole House , to consider of so much of the said act as relates to the payment of Naval Officers serving abroad . '' seconded the motion , and maintained , that whenever the rate of exchange interfered with the pay of the officer , it ought to be made up to him . said , that as the House had already refused this motion in the course of the present session , and as the gallant officer had not produced any argument or fact in addition to those which had already failed , he could see no reason for altering his opinion . He allowed that the gallant officer was actuated by the best motives , but it was in general desirable that motions of this description should proceed from the executive government . As to the memorials alluded to , he knew but of one , which was from the officers stationed at Lisbon , at which place the inconvenience was in a great measure done away , nine out of the eleven ships having been since recalled ; there were also seven or eight removed from the Mediterranean ; and steps would be taken in future to prevent their remaining on their stations so long . It was also deserving of remark , that so far from objecting to the service in the Mediterranean , they made it a matter of canvass and solicitation to be sent to that quarter . said , that the right hon . gentleman had not given a sufficient reason for not going at least into some inquiry . He feared that the expedient of changing situations would not answer , and thought the House and the justice of the country were concerned in making up the pay of the officers who lost so much by the exchange . It was a question of strict and absolute justice . The expences of captains of frigates were great , and this loss must be severely felt by them . said , his hon . friend was , in his opinion , strictly regular in bringing forward this motion , and that , notwithstanding what had been alleged by the right hon . gentleman , no decision of the question had yet taken place . The question now to be considered was generally this , that the House should go into a Committee , to take the subject into consideration . The right hon . gentleman , however , objected against dispensing with old rules and customs , because he says there is no knowing where they will stop ; and would rather subject officers in the navy to be 592 the suffers they now were , than alter old rules , however injurious to the service . The right hon . gentleman said , would you alter the pay of the officers serving at the Cape of Good Hope ? but this did not apply to the present question , for there was not a tenth part so many of our ships on that station as in the Mediterranean . He should be glad to know why the officers engaged in that honourable expedition to the Scheldt , which had also been approved by this House , had been excused from this hardship , and those serving in the Mediterranean should be doomed to endure it ? The hon . officer who made this motion had long served on that station , and having heard the complaints of the officers , as well as knowing from experience with