one would think it impossible that the House should refuse to go into the Committee . And yet he thought it would refuse . But the Catholics would have this consolation , that of all the men who had held high situations for some time past , the right hon . gent . and one or two others , disciples of Mr. Pitt , as they said , but wandering far from his opinions on this subject , were the only persons who said that the Catholic claims ought never to be granted . Such was the conduct of the right hon . gent . who looked for his rule , as well as he ( Mr. Whit-bread ) did , in the Gospel . In vindication of lords Grenville and Howick , he stated that his noble friends never professed that these claims ought to be granted without some security for the Established Church—but what the nature of that security should be was not a matter of so much importance . The hon . gent . concluded by expressing his sincere hope that the day would come when the claims of the Catholics would be considered , and when no such infernal cry of `` No Popery '' 424 would be raised as that which had been excited three years ago . in explanation , denied that he had said that the people of this country would resist the act of the legislature , if it should think proper to grant the claims of the Catholics ; still more , that he should encourage such resistance , With respect to tythes , what he had said was , that if the Catholics should obtain their present claims , they would then look to a participation of the Church revenues , whether consisting of tythes or of any other property . stated , that he had thanked the Chancellor of the Exchequer , because he had reason to know that before the declaration of the opinions of the Dissenters upon the subject , that right hon . gent . had determined not to support the Bill of the noble , lord in the other House . thought the thanks deserved , and retracted what he had before said on the subject . commented in severe terms upon Mr. Whitbread 's sentiments . He declared the toleration , which he had panegyrised in France , to be nothing but a mixture of despotism and hypocrisy , but , indeed , he believed , that there was no measure of Buonaparté 's of which the hon . gent , would not be the apologist or advocate . ( A loud cry of `` Order , take down the words . '' ) The words impute to me such a degree of criminality , that I must insist on their being taken down . The next step is to have the words read , in order that the hon . gentleman to whom they are imputed may deny or justify them . —I might have used the words which preceded those , but I do not recollect those which followed . The next course is to divide the House on the question , whether the words have been used or not . Does the hon . member persist in that determination ? I have considered that as the offence was a public insult to the House , I ought to demand the apology here rather than elsewhere . I am so far satisfied , and I do not believe that the hon . member meant the words in the full extent to which they might be imputed . I really uttered the ex- 425 pression which I did , hastily , in consequence of the irritation of the moment , at , as I thought , the unfounded and unwarrantable imputation cast on my right hon . friend . Does the hon . member mean to say , that I am an enemy to my country ? Far from it ; I believe the hon . gentleman to be as warm a friend to the country as any man can be . This