was depreciated in consequence of the restriction on cash payments at the Bank , and advising that that restriction should be immediately abolished , he confessed himself wholly at a loss to conceive the grounds on which such a declaration and such advice were founded . As to returning at the present moment to a mixed circulation of gold and paper , it was impossible . It would be impossible for the Bank either from the stock of gold which they might already have in their coffers , or from that which it would be in their power to procure from the continent , to maintain such a circulation It was said , that there was plenty of gold in Europe—but as this country had no free commercial intercourse with the continent of Europe , how was that gold to be procured ? What could be given for it ? We could not buy gold with gold—that would be useless . We could not buy gold with notes , for notes were for domestic circulation alone . The principal articles of trade in which this country dealt were cloth , coffee , and sugar . But whither could we send these articles ? To what port on the continent could they be ; assigned ? Every body knew the difficulties under which our trade laboured , and the impossibility of consigning to the continent such a quantity of goods of British manufacture , or of articles of British produce , as would procure in return a large 921 quantity of gold . Had not an hon . friend of his ( Mr. A. Baring ) who was well versed in these matters , said that , if he were required to procure from the continent ten thousand pounds worth of gold , he should not know how to set about it ? What was to be done ? Why , the country must continue to be content with that species of circulation with which it had already been content for 14 years , and by the aid of which its internal prosperity , at least , had been promoted in an unexampled degree . It was on this principle , and with this feeling that the bullion discussion terminated . But a new question had arisen . A noble lord ( of whom he by no means intended to speak disrespectfully ) had declared that he must have gold from his tenants in payment of their rents ; and this he had declared at a period when there was no gold in the country , and when for fourteen years all the internal transactions of the country had been satisfactorily carried on by a paper currency ! The , noble lord 's leases had been granted since the passing of the Bank restriction bill . He would ask any man who heard him , and who had granted a lease since the enactment of that measure , whether he had ever expected the rent under such a lease to be paid in any thing but paper ? Certainly not . But what was to be done ? Why , the tenantry of the country must be protected . They must be defended from the liability of having their goods taken out of their houses because they did not pay that which they could not get to pay with . And were landlords to be allowed to distrain for rent if their tenants did not pay in gold , what would they procure by such distraining but paper ? In this state of things , it was the duty of parliament to protect those who demanded , and who deserved their protection . He was persuaded , that he never should regret the vote which it was his intention to give on the present occasion . He was never more satisfied with any vote which he had given in his life , than with that which he had felt it his duly to give on the bullion question , although in that , as in the present instance , his sentiments were in direct opposition to those of many of his