hon . friends . He begged those hon . friends to consider what might be the effect of leaving the whole tenantry of Great Britain in the state of uncertainty in which they at present stood . Even suppose a landlord could extract guineas from his tenant , what would he do with them ? be must either melt them 922 or export them . He must send them either to the crucible or to the coast . The House had heard , indeed , that the Irish market would be open . That might be . But even in that case he did not think that an English gentleman would be well employed in extracting gold from his tenants at a loss to them of 20 or 25 per cent . in order to send it over to Ireland , from whence it might return to serve as a fresh ; means of oppression to fresh landlords . With respect to the noble lord , in whose intimation to his tenantry this measure originated , he could not but consider that the intimation must have proceeded from the pride of authorship . The noble lord had formerly written a great deal on the probable depreciation of paper . After five or six years , finding that things went on as smoothly as ever , he had probably exclaimed , `` How unfortunate that I can not get practical illustration of the depreciation of these abominable Bank notes ? I will even risk an example myself ; not ( or the sake of what I may gain by it , but to establish my credit as a writer . '' He had no doubt of the many excellent qualities which lord King possessed ; but he was persuaded , that in the present instance he had forgotten the noble lord in the author . , adverting to the recommendation by his hon . friend who had just spoken , to other hon . gentlemen to forget their theories , and to consider the subject singly and practically , lamented that his hon . friend had not followed up his own principle , and had not applied his excellent understanding solely to the Bill before the House . Instead of that , his hon . friend had indulged in details on the general subject ; a subject out of which the present measure arose , as the presumed necessity for it was unquestionably occasioned by the rejection of the Resolution '' of the Bullion Committee , but which , in any other point of view , was not only unconnected with the consideration of the present Bill , but in some degree foreign to it . His hon . friend had furnished answers to his own arguments . For instance , he had told the House ( and the whole of his speech was erected on that foundation ) that Bank notes were not depreciated ; for that guineas and notes had equal power in the procuring of the various commodities of life ; and he then urged the necessity of parliament 's doing that by the present Bill , which , if his premises were true , was already done to their hands 923 —In what he should do himself the honour of submitting to the House , it was his intention to restrain himself to the specific measure before them , and to confine his observations to that novel and portentous attempt at legislation , by which it was endeavoured to introduce ideas ( for he could not call them principles ) that had never before been thought of in parliament , ideas more wild and chimirical than any with which the maddest visionaries of France , amidst all their extravagant and impracticable speculations , had tormented that unhappy country . The present was a Bill to legalise injustice ; to enable one of the parties in a contract to escape the obligation into which he had entered , and to defraud the other party . He availed himself of the earliest opportunity of entering his feeble protest against such a measure . He opposed its principle , a