climate of the prison accurately and faithfully described in the complaints which had been made to me , It is exposed on the summit of the highest and most bleak range of mountains in Devonshire , where the winter winds pierce with all the keenness possible , increased by constant fogs and sleet , and rain ; it is situated in the midst of a barren moor , on which no vegetable grows , I was told that the prison wall had only been seen nine times from the Agent 's house during the whole winter , although it is as near to it as from your chair , Sir , to that door , and in such a state of obscurity was Dart-moor involved , by fog and rain , that when I was there I had a guide each time to conduct me . Anxious to learn the reason for building a depot in so barren , elevated and extraordinary a situation , I inquired the cause of various persons , and I was uniformly answered , that it was with a view to attract inhabitants to the Moor . A Moor , Sir , on which Englishmen since the creation never lived . A Moor on which Scotchmen refused to live . Saunders invited to take possession of it , some years ago , naturally inquired why English folk did not live there ? And judging the answer , that it was high and , to be unsatisfactory , 636 he asked if broom , whins , heath , briers , or thistles grew on the highly recommended spot ? And being answered in the negative he said `` keep it to yoursef man , it wonna do for me at a ' . `` —I was certain , Sir , that attracting inhabitants to this desert could not be the real motive . So , unable to get satisfactory answers at Dartmoor , I proceeded to Plymouth , where I obtained a plan of the Prison , fully corroborating one complaint , that the health of the prisoners had suffered by exposure to heavy rains , whilst standing in an open space for several hours , receiving provisions issued at a single door ; the cooking room being several hundred feet distant from the Prisons , which then contained six thousand prisoners , divided into messes of six ; consequently one thousand were soaked through in the morning attending for their breakfast , and one thousand more at dinner . Thus a third were constantly wet , many without a shift of clothes . I was told , however , that they gambled or sold them . This being the state of things , I felt it a duty to proceed farther , and investigate , as well with a view to relieve those who had conveyed their complaints to me , as for the sake of our prisoners in France , and the honour of our country . At Plymouth I saw a return of sick and of deaths—I concluded that the fever arose from the cause which I have assigned , wet clothes in close prisons . Whether the return was made up daily or weekly , I do not remember—I can not charge my memory at this distance of time , I think the number of deaths were 49 [ A great laugh . ] Sir , my want of recollection can-not alter facts , which are or ought to be on record , and perhaps are contained in the very paper now presented by the right hon . gent . if that paper is correct . Here give me leave to observe , that the transport board , sick and hurt board , and the superintendance of prisoners of war , are all preposterously and absurdly united , by which means material duties are confided to and conducted by clerks ; this is one of our new savings . The country , however , would have no reason to regret the expence of a few thousands a year , to responsible persons , in order that those distinct duties might be properly