however widely it may extend , I would more particularly direct against the ministers . I charge them then with a violation of all the solemn compacts entered into betwixt the two countries since the Union . It is an account of long arrears , from 1801 down to the present time . I charge them with indifference , ignorance , and neglect towards Ireland . I have witnessed in this House , session after session , repeated attempts made to better the condition of Ireland ; to plant , '' as it were , the population in the soil , and give them a rooted interest in her greatness ; and uniformly have I seen those attempts resisted and defeated in open violation of the public faith which you solemnly pledged to Ireland in exchange for her independence . I charge you with having refused to four millions the privileges you solemnly pledged yourselves to share with them . The gratitude of Ireland is demanded in return for the measures taking to secure the education of her people . I for one resist the de- 232 mand—for I myself was an humble instrument in calling upon you to provide in some way for the education of her clergy—that clergy who are to be entrusted with the religion and morals of four millions of your fellow subjects , and , this had been denied me . Let Ireland know the service she has received from you , before her gratitude is thus tauntingly challenged . distinctly denied that he had ever said that the exportation of cattle was a work of national prosperity . What did the hon . gentleman mean by saying , that if he ( Mr. Foster ) did his duty in a manly way , he would find another and a more productive tax ? he was at a loss to understand the hon . gent . Why could he not speak out ? Let him name this better tax , and if he thought it better than his own he would adopt it at once . Would the hon . gentleman name it ? Then if he will not , said Mr. Foster , let the people of Ireland blame him and not me , for I have suggested the best tax my judgment could enable me to do , while here is an hon . gentleman who knows a better , and yet refuses to communicate it . ( of Dublin ) could not see why the right hon . gent , should take upon himself to load his hon . friend with the duties of his office , while he kept all the emoluments to himself . His hon . friend in stating his objections to the measures of the right hon . gent , had done nothing more than he had a right to do . Nor could he believe that every member who in the conscientious discharge of his duty objected to any measure brought before the House , was thereby bound to substitute a better in its place . Mr. Shaw then proceeded to observe upon the items of the new taxes , and to compare the produce of the tax on wine , currants and raisins , & c. at stated periods . The total amount of the produce of the duties on wine was , in the year 1809 , 365,276 . 11s . 3d . and for the year 1810 it was but 309,014l . 18s . 11d . The duties on teas for the year 1809 produced 500,946l . 8s , . 5d . and the same in 1810 produced but 472,009l . 14s . The duties on currants and raisins for the year 1809 amounted to the sum of 11,920l . 2s . 5d . while those for the year 1810 had fallen to 4,77,5l 13s . 10d . Here there was certainly no progressive increase , but an evident progressive decrease . He was sorry he could not persuade the right hon . gent , to put an increased duty upon spirits ; that , 233 indeed , would be a tax productive not