it or something very like it , were not in fact the foundation of almost all the right hon gent . 's arguments . He can not , however , intend to avow such a notion . 'He will there fore I presume , have no objection to qualify the word `` value , '' by the addition of one or other of the epithets which I have suggested . So qualified , the proposition , that the Sovereign has at times varied the `` current '' or `` denominative '' value of the corn would be true , and perfectly harmless . 99 The Resolution proceeds to state , that this has been done by proclamation , `` or '' by act of parliament—This is also a true proposition ; but upon this also I must observe , that it is not stated with sufficient qualification . The Resolution seems to imply that the option between the two modes of '' proceeding is perfectly arbitrary ; that parliament may be either admitted into , or excluded from , a share in the operation , exactly according to the will and pleasure of the crown . But , I would take the liberty of suggesting to the right hon . gent , that it was not enough to state the abstract principles and theory of the constitution ; it was incumbent on him to state them as they have been acted upon , as they are modified by practice , as they are to be found , net in the proclamations of Henry 8th , but in the statute book ; in statutes of the last century ; in those of the present reign . The Sovereign ( says the right hon . gent . ) can alter the value of the coin . But can he do that at the present moment , without consent of parliament ? Can he do it against existing acts . of parliament ? Can he , except by the aid and concurrence of parliament , repeal the acts of the 14th of the present reign , which were passed on occasion of the last re-coinage of the gold and which must be repealed or amended , if any alteration should be made in the current value of the guinea ? —Unquestionably the King , according to the theory of the prerogative , can , by his proclamation , reduce or raise the denomination of the current coin . But , if by doing so , he would place his subjects in the dilemma of either disregarding his proclamation , or acting in contravention of an act of parliament ; would it be in that case a sound or a safe statement of the law , to give a naked definition of the prerogative , without reference to the practical restrictions by which the exercise of it must necessarily be controuled ? Are the opinions of lawyers so settled and uniform upon this subject as to warrant the right hon . gentleman 's sweeping and unqualified assertion ? Do lawyers agree that there is no limit to the power of the crown in this respect ? that the crown may give what current value it pleases to coin , which it may debase at its pleasure ? I do not assert that all such authorities are uniformly the other way : it would , perhaps , be difficult to name that branch of the prerogative which has not been 100 exalted to an excess in the speeches or writings of some one or other of the great crown lawyers who have spoken or written upon the prerogative . But such opinions '' even if they were more general than they will be found to be , surely could not avail against positive statute , `` The denomination , '' says Blackstone , or the value for which the coin is to pass current , is likewise in the breast of the King ; and if any unusual pieces are coined , that value must be ascertained by proclamation . In order to fix the value , the weight and the fineness of the metal