the expectation of a future stage of the business , intended to deliver their opinions ; he therefore recommended that the consideration of the subject should be adjourned to another period . stated most decidedly , that new facts , leading to new inferences , had come out before the Committee in 1807 . But the hon . and learned member who had just sat down had , he confessed , given quite a new view of the case . That hon . and learned member objected to the legality of the original agreement : but if a minister should dare to disavow such an agreement , that House , while the public was deriving the benefit of it , would not fail to give the individual compensation . The hon . and learned gent. , too , had said that Mr. Palmer might have been indicted for a conspiracy for his conduct . Indicted ? yes , upon garbled extracts ; and yet he would defy the ingenuity of that hon . and learned gent. , or any of the learned gentlemen opposite , to frame an indictment for a conspiracy that would apply to this case . A misdemeanor it might be construed to be , but no conspiracy . The question was , whether the Resolution of the House was not binding upon it to satisfy this claim . He contended it was , whilst it remained on the Journal '' ; though he was ready to admit that it might be discussed . It appeared throughout the whole of the correspondence , that Mr. Palmer 's great complaint was , that he was constantly thwarted in carrying his plan into execution . He had undertaken to cleanse the Augean stable—that Herculean task , which , if he could have effected , would have put a stop to the practice '' which prevailed in the department , and left the persons employed in it to be content with their bare salaries . It was they , then , who had combined against him . It was they who had been guilty of a conspiracy against him . Was it , then , for the House of Commons to refuse a just claim , because the viper who had been taken to Mr. Palmer 's bosom had stung his benefactor ? It was to be recollected that this viper had got his place . If Mr. Palmer had been guilty of indiscretion , he had been punished : he had been dismissed from his office : but 261 his contract could not be got rid of . He trusted when it was considered that the public enjoyed the great benefits of the plan , that that House would give effect to its former Resolution by agreeing to the motion . said , that whenever the subject came before the House , he considered himself called on to state all the circum-stances with which he was acquainted . He did not think that the merits of the case were completely decided . In 1799 , the House was of opinion that Mr. Palmer had not fulfilled his part of the contract . There was nothing more said of it till 1807 , when Mr. Pitt was no more ; it then appeared from the documents , that no contract had been made which did not include on the part of Mr. Palmer a fulfillment of official duties . These duties were not faithfully discharged . Mr. Palmer was suspended for disobeying the commands of the Post Master General . Did the hon . bart . call that a trifling misconduct , which went to retard the delivery of letters , and to throw the blame of it on the Post Master General ? He defied the hon . bart . to prove from the evidence , that the 1,500l . per annum , and the two and half percent , did not stand on the same footing . Every body knew , that when Mr. Palmer first introduced the plan , he was much thwarted ; but at the same time , he was cordially supported by Mr. Pitt