of their judicial business . This , he thought , ministers had pledged themselves to bring forward some remedy for this session ; but nothing effectual had been done ; The plan had been given up , and nothing was to be done , at least for the present session . observed , that he should deem it an inexcusable waste of their lordships ' time , if he were to occupy any of it in answering what very little tell from the noble earl , that bad the east reference to the measure under consideration . But not a little of what fell from him ( though totally irrevalent to the Bill ) was of such a character and tendency , as 713 that he could not , consistently either with ; his feelings or his duty , pass it over in silence . He would principally notice two points which were the subject of the noble earl 's observations . And , first , he would observe , that with respect to those points and assertions which he had been instructed to advance , and to make in that House , respecting the conduct of the Admiralty and Vice-Admiralty Courts , and those judicial establishments connected with them , they were unfounded in truth or justice . They were subjects of which the noble earl could know little or nothing himself ; and he ought to have been certain that his accusations or insinuations were founded in fact , before he came down to that House and aspersed the characters of some of the most respectable , judicial , and professional persons in the empire—he meant the judges and principal officers of the courts alluded to , either at home or abroad . Whenever charges were made against them in the proper shape and place , those worthy and respectable persons would be ready to meet those charges in a proper manner . They never yet shrunk from inquiry either in this country , or in any of its dependencies . Those individuals who were then made the subject of obloquy and unmerited accusation were , some of them , he knew , as pure and irreproachable characters , and of as high and untainted honour as the noble earl himself , or any of those he was connected with . He must regret , therefore , that a member of that high assembly , should so conduct himself in introducing even a species of mummery never before witnessed , in these walls , and altogether unbecoming the dignity and gravity of that branch of the legislature . The noble and learned lord then proceeded to notice what had fallen from the noble earl respecting the accumulation of Appeals , and the delays in transacting the judicial business of the House . What the noble earl had said on this head , was equally unfounded . The inconvenience referred to had been long felt , and measures were adopted at the instance of those with whom he had the honour to act , in order to remedy the grievance . A Committee had been appointed from among their lordships , who duly proceeded to investigate the important subject committed to their charge . Before that Committee he had given his deliberate and solemn opinion as to the causes which led to the inconveniences complained of , and as to 714 the most efficacious remedy . It was painful to him , nor could he be expected , on a point which referred so much to himself , to dwell upon the subject . He had spent the far greater part of his life in professional habits , or judicial situations , and in the high office of presiding in their lordships ' House , and he could truly and conscientiously state his conviction , that little good could be effected with respect to what their lordships complained of , except he who so presided were materially assisted in his business in another court . The sincere opinion , and advice he had given , was not so likely to affect himself as those who were to come after