him . shortly spoke in explanation . What fell from the noble and learned lord was far from satisfying his mind as to the subject he chiefly adverted to ; and , as to the bill produced , their lordships must think it extravagantly long , when they heard that the proceeds of the prize to which it referred were 8,000 crowns , and the proctor 's bill on the occasion amounted to 6,800. shortly alluded to the total irrelevancy of almost all that fell from the noble earl , to a Bill which solely related to the better regulation of army prize-money . followed up the observations of his noble friend on the woolsack . He was confident , he said , there existed in the country a settled scheme , which was actively persevered in , to bring the administration of justice into disrepute ; and as to the delay , or temporary failure of the remedial measure , it was by no means attributable to that House , still less to his Majesty 's government ; but it was attributable to the friends of the noble earl himself . His lordship then entered into an exposition of the plans proposed , and which , he believed , the noble earl must be unacquainted with : and into a detailed discussion of the causes of those unavoidable delays in the transactions of the judicial business of the country , but particularly in the court of chancery , and in their lordship 's House , and which were by no means the fault of those who were entrusted with the administration of justice , but solely to be attributed to the machinery employed not being rendered sufficiently strong or extensive to meet the increased weight and extent of the business to be disposed of . vindicated the conduct of the Appeal Courts ; the business of 715 which he would venture to say was as well attended to as that of any courts in the kingdom , without exception . The Bill was then read a third time and passed . adverting to the dropped order for taking into consideration the Report of the Committee on the Weavers ' Petition , observed , that however the House might despair of rendering any benefit to the petitioners , it would not be treating them with due attention to take the subject up at present , when , perhaps , there were members absent who were desirous of delivering their sentiments upon it . He proposed , therefore , That the report should be taken into consideration on Monday next . acquiesced in this proposal . remarked , that although it was a dropped order , yet at the present period of the session , it might be advisable to proceed with it . repeated the reasons which he had stated to induce the House to postpone the consideration of the subject . expressed his regret that he should not have it in his power to be present on Monday . He still thought that the question , for the discussion of which he had prepared himself , might immediately be proceeded with , the more especially , as it was evident that no measure of relief could be afforded . He was about to proceed with some remarks , on a subject which he stated to be intimately connected with the present , when interposed , and said , that the question before the House must first be disposed of . The further consideration of the Report was then fixed for Monday . resumed his observations , with respect to the Report of the Committee on the Wearers ' Petition . He was quite convinced that that Report was a proper one , and that no measure , particularly one of pecuniary aid , could be adopted for the relief of the sufferers . To attempt such a mode of assistance would be to throw water on a furnace , the necessary cones- 716 quence of which would be , to increase the fierceness of the flame . Nevertheless , feeling that the question was not one in which the