stated what the law really was on this subject . The hon . gentleman who spoke last was , perhaps , not so good an authority on a point of law as on many other points , but he said that he trusted the law would prevent any unpleasant effects to the tenant tendering bank notes , till the meeting of the next session of parliament . If this was so , then there really was no occasion for the present Bill , but it was most important that this point should be clearly and distinctly explained.—Another point which would require consideration was , the situation in which Ireland would be placed with regard to this country . This measure was not to be extended to Ireland , because the demand for payment in coin had long prevailed there—the circumstance which was here considered as the extreme grievance to be prevented . But there was no law to prohibit the exportation of guineas to Ireland ; and if they might be legally sold there for a premium , thither they would naturally be carried , so that one part of the Bill appeared to counteract the other . He then expressed his astonishment that a gentleman of such authority as his honourable friend near him ( Mr. Baring ) should have maintained such a monstrous and extravagant doctrine , as that the national debt was a benefit to the country and not a burthen ; and that the country might make as great if not greater exertions with this millstone about its neck than without it . He thought the writings of Dr. Smith had put an end to such quibbling on the subject of finance ; certainly he never thought to have heard such assertions from one of his hon . friend 's knowledge and experience . The debt was a thing which we ought to fight against : and indeed his hon . friend himself was against its increase , for he had pointed out a method to prevent that increase , namely , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer should confine 903 himself within a certain limited expenditure . The only objection was , that no one could well expect to see such a remedy applied . Every Chancellor of the Exchequer , no doubt , wished to keep down the expenditure as much as he could , but then he had important projects to execute which were expensive ; and there always had been a facility in this country of borrowing money , and thus the debt had grown . From all the arguments he had heard on this subject , he was not certain whether any remedy at all was required against the effects of the proceeding of the noble lord , who had given the notice to his tenants ; and if a remedy were necessary , he was not sure that this was the proper one . But at all events it was of the last importance , that they should be fully and clearly satisfied how the law really stood , and he trusted that an explanation on that head would be given . On a subject of this consequence , he thought a call of the House desirable , and would vote for it . He did not , however , think the conduct of the noble lord , who had been the cause of this proposed measure , worthy of approbation . He regretted very much that such a proceeding had been resorted to in the first instance by a great landed proprietor . There were circumstances in which summum jus ' was 'summa injuria . ' He would reserve what he had further to say until the second reading of the bill . would not have trespassed on the time of the House in the present stage of the proceeding , were it not for the unjust attacks which had been made on a noble lord for doing no more than he was entitled to , and which justice to his own family required him to do . How could it be pretended that a landlord was not entitled