amount of notes in circulation has an obvious influence in producing an advance of the price of gold , and a correspondent diminution of the real value of the pound note . The average price of wheat for England and Wales , which from 1771 to 1785 was forty-six shillings the quarter , and from 1786 to 1797 was fifty-two shillings , has since that period , in the short space of fourteen years , experienced an advance in price greatly exceeding the advance of the whole preceding century . Before the Bank restriction , and even during the two first years , it required 18 quarters of wheat to purchase one pound weight of standard gold , which was coined into 44 guineas and a half ; at subsequent periods it has required only 14 quarters and half a bushel , 12 quarters and 2 bushels , to purchase a pound weight of gold , even at the apparent high price of gold . These calculations are made on the average prices both of corn and gold for five years , and five years , omitting the two years of dearth 1800 and 1801 . In the last year , 1810 , the average price of wheat was 106s . 2d . the quarter , and the price of gold for that year was 4l . 11s . the ounce ; 809 an act of injustice towards his own tenants . He was exacting from the tenants a sum which they were not aware of at the time when they received their leases , and which , if they had been aware of , would perhaps have had the effect of preventing it required then only 10 quarters 2 bushels and I peck to purchase a pound of gold ; which same quantity of gold fourteen years before required no less than 18 quarters of wheat to purchase it . Considering the facts here stated , it is impossible to maintain that the price of gold has increased of late years ; on the contrary , there is every reason to believe that a real and sensible diminution in the value of the precious metals has taken place , comparing them with wheat and labour , usually considered as the best criterions and standards of value . `` The pound troy is , by the regulation of the Mint , coined into 44 guineas and a half , of the weight of 5 dwts . 9 3/8 9/9 grs . ; but guineas , if not reduced below the weight of 5 dwts . 8grs . continue to be a legal tender . At that weight , viz . 128 grains , the pound troy of 5760 grains is equal in weight to 45 instead of 44½ guineas . Promissory notes and tokens of the Bank of England , to the amount of 46l . 14s . 6d . can virtually and lawfully be discharged only by the payment by that corporation of 44. and a half guineas , or gold coins to that amount ; and as 44 guineas and a half is only another name for a troy pound-weight of standard gold , every 46l . 14s . 6d . worth of Bank notes is an engagement to pay a troy pound weight of standard gold . [ From the Theory of Money , printed for S. Highley , 24 Fleet Street , 1811 ; a work containing a variety of useful information upon this subject . ] A Bank-note , or any paper-currency , neither has , nor can have , any value but what it derives from being a true representative , not merely of the coins of the realm , but of a certain quantity of gold ; because the coins of the realm have themselves , and can have , no value but what they derive from the quantity of sterling gold contained in them , and the gold coins in use are legal tender so long only as they contain the quantity of gold declared by the King 's proclamation to be contained in them . `` In the earl of Liverpool