was entirely unemployed , and for three years succeeding the amount of coinage did not , on an average , exceed 600,000l . From 1784 , till the Bank restriction , was again ( except in the last four years ) a period of peace , during which it is so far from being extraordinary , that the exchanges should be favourable , and the price of bullion low , that those effects were rather to be expected upon common mercantile principles . It will be more convenient to reserve any discussion of the circumstances of those last four years till we come to the next Amendment , in which they are again alluded to . But in what has been said , I think that I have completely proved , that both in the earlier and the later period to which the learned chairman has referred , the statement in his Amendment is wholly unfounded , both as it regards the course of exchange and the price of bullion . The learned gentleman 's second Amendment refers to the fifth Resolution , and I have already answered that part of it which relates to the price of gold during the American war . The greater part of the remainder relates to the wars of king William the Third , a period upon which the Committee in their Report , as well as the learned 19 chairman in his speech , appear particularly fond of dwelling . It is , however , most unfortunately selected for their purpose , for the Amendment begins with an extraordinary blunder . It states , that immediately after the reformation of the coin , the market price of gold fell to the Mint price , and the exchanges rose nearly to par , although the circumstances of the war and the foreign expenditure continued unaltered . It is evident , that the whole purpose for which the Committee and their learned chairman have dwelt so much on this portion of our history , rests entirely on this part of their statement ; for it never can be proved that the depression of the exchange during the war terminated by the peace of Ryswick , was occasioned , not by the war itself , bat by the depreciation of our currency , unless it can be shown that the restoration of a favourable course of exchange was owing , not to the peace , but to the reformation of our coin . To show how impossible it is for them to establish this position , it is only necessary to state a few dates . On the 14th of December 1695 , the House of Commons voted an Address to king William , to stop the currency of clipped money . On The 4th of January following , the king returned an answer , that he would issue his proclamation accordingly . On the 21st of January , a bill for remedying the ill state of the coin received the royal assent . Other acts passed for the encouragement of persons bringing bullion to the Mint . The coinage was carried on with activity ; and before the 28th of November 1690 , about 2,400,000l . of the new money had been issued into circulation . Here , then , we should expect to see the improvement of the exchange if it had been produced by the reformation of the coin . But the remittances to Flanders , on account of government , which in May 1695 were made at the rate of ten guilders for the pound sterling , or 20 per cent. , under par , were in September 1696 , after a considerable quantity of the new coin had been issued , at nine guilders , or 25 per cent , loss ; and , so late as January 1696–7 , at nine guilders five slivers , or about 23 per cent . But Louis the Fourteenth , whose re-sources were as much exhausted as those of Great Britain ( for , as Burnet observes in 1696 , `` the common scarcity of money kept both armies quiet , '' ) had