four parts lead ; it is not coined , but cast , with an square hole in the middle , by means of which it is carried about like beads , on a , string or wire . I do not mean to contend , that coin is not extremely convenient for 159 making the smaller payments : and I should have no objection to see it as current as is requisite , in all our pecuniary transactions . But the state of China is a sufficient proof , that coining the precious metals is not indispensably necessary for a populous , civilized , and commercial people , and hence that all the ingenious speculations regarding the necessity of having gold and silver in coin , or possessing a fixed standard of value in coined gold or silver , to which every thing can be referred , however necessary it may appear to the theorist , is not essential in practice . It would be an amusing spectacle to see the hon . gent. , ( Mr. Huskisson ) , endeavouring to convince a Chinese Mandarin , that his country must be in a state of ruin , because it possessed no standard , and because no coins of gold or silver were to be met with in its circulation . As to the currency which prevails in this country at this time , to which the name representative may be properly applied , it may be defined , `` a species of paper money , issued for value , representing actual property , convertible into every species of goods at will , receivable at the Exchequer , and returning , at no great distance of time , to the coffers whence it was issued . '' The advantages of such a currency are very great . 1 . It is procured with little trouble , and at no expense , and supersedes the necessity of exporting goods or property to the extent of many millions , merely to obtain a medium of circulation . 2 . It need never be diminished in its amount ; on the contrary , it may be increased , whenever the circumstances of the nation require it , a point of infinite moment , and the advantages of which Hume has ably described . 3 . It enables a country , without inconvenience , to export its metallic wealth , for carrying on necessary wars , or purchasing grain in times of scarcity or famine . 4 . It is the means , both directly and indirectly , of making important additions to the revenue , and creates a saving to the country of those expences which coinage continually occasions , and that to a considerable amount . In the reign of king William alone , it cost us above three millions , without our deriving any advantage from it whatever . 5 . It makes a nation independent of all other countries for its medium of circulation , a point of infinite moment , more especially in time of war ; and , in the last place , what makes me pecu- 160 liarly attached to the system , is this , that it possesses a species of magical influence on the internal prosperity of a nation . Even in the midst of a long and expensive war , we see its effects—industry abounds—agriculture flourishes—commerce and manufactures have increased—money is procurable at a moderate rate of interest—the public revenue becomes every year more and more productive—public loans are obtained to any amount , and on cheaper terms ; and every species of domestic improvement , as roads , bridges , canals , harbours , public edifices of various descriptions , enclosures , plantations , cultivation of wastes , & c. all these proofs of national prosperity , are carried on with a degree of energy , and , more especially at the present moment , are multiplied to an extent , not to be equalled in any other period even of our own history , and far less in that of any other country in the universe . Perhaps the world never witnessed