advert ; but must repeat his opinion , that , in the adoption of such a Bill , the House would depart from all those 1086 principles which it had hitherto made the paramount rule and guide of its conduct that they were about to infringe the just and legitimate rights of property , to violate all contracts between individuals , the protection of which had hitherto been deemed the sacred duty of parliament , and to attempt to do that which no human power could accomplish , namely , to govern the opinions of mankind , and force them to affix a value upon articles different from what in their judgments and estimation they did possess . He thought himself , therefore , warranted in saying , that such an act would degrade the character of the British Legislature , and shake to their very base the foundations of our national credit , happiness , and prosperity . contended , that it had been , the policy of the country for centuries , to prevent the coin of the realm being sold . The Bill , therefore , far from infringing the rights of the subject , did but enact what had long been understood to be the law , and what , if not the law , had been intended to be the law . With respect to what had been said of its protecting the debtor against the creditor , he observed it was only intended to protect the tenant against charges which might be made , but could not be equitably made . The tenant , it should be remembered , if he charged a higher price for the produce of his lands , was obliged to pay a higher price for every article he consumed , and therefore it was doing no more than was right , when they protected him against such charges . It was too much to say , that the example of lord King would be followed by no one else whose motives were less honourable than were those of his lordship . The advance in the price of wheat was , in a great measure , to be ascribed to our corn laws , which had laid on it three or four and thirty per cent . within the last 15 years . It was the duty of parliament to protect the tenant , not against lord King , but against the merciless landlord who might distress him to gratify a mercenary disposition . The price of gold was four pound per ounce at the beginning of the last century . It had been at the same price within the last two years . It would be found by a table in the Philosophical Transactions , left by the late sir G. Shuckburgh , that the prices of most articles were more than doubled since the first mentioned period . Thus it would be seen , while other commodities doubled their prices , gold remained stationary . Our imports had been greater than they 1087 ever were before in the last two years , with this circumstance attached to them , they had been made in foreign ships . This , combined with our foreign expenditure , was a most serious consideration . Our exports , when the expences of freight , & c. were taken into consideration , would be found to have been made under circumstances which had never existed before . They might appear from the custom-house books to be what his hon . friend had stated them to be , but there were certain considerations which ought not to be overlooked . In the first place , a large portion of our exports were confiscated , and of course not one shilling had been derived from them , Others had been burnt , and on some of those which were neither confiscated nor burnt , heavy duties of 40 or 50 percent , had been imposed . Those which had been sold , having escaped the confiscation , the conflagration , and the enormous duties he had mentioned , had not always been paid for .