that he knew a friend , who would give him six or seven and twenty shillings each for his guineas . This increasing traffic , added the writer , occasioned the great stagnation of gold circulation . Besides other accounts , the noble earl adverted to what he had heard respecting practices in Ireland , which had already been alluded to by a noble lord . He mentioned the profitable trick of a landholder 's steward , in contriving , by the use of merely one hundred guineas , to procure the payment of a large rent , by compelling the tenants to purchase them , while they were moving in constant rotation from the shop where they were sold , to the agent 's office where they were received . In addition to this , he could mention , that no less a sum than thirty eight thousand guineas were landed in Dunkirk lately , from this country , out of one cutter . He had even heard that a clergyman , a friend of a noble lord behind him ( he did not know whether the noble lord intended to give him a living or not , ) had said that every landlord in England ought to do the same as those whom he had been speaking of . From these statements of facts , communicated to him by respectable correspondents , and read from a mass of communications , he thought that the objection taken 790 to his Bill by the noble secretary of state on the ground of there being no existing necessity for it , could not be supported . Those who objected , merely from the necessity not being apparent , must see from these communications , that the necessity might very speedily arise , and that too , when parliament would not be sitting . All those who agreed with him in the general principle of his reasoning , and the ground , work of his proposition , ought to assent to the enactment of the measure he proposed . He was confident , that , under all our circumstances , the system of book entries was the most practicable mode ; and it had also the recommendation of the Secretary of State himself , as the best remedy that had been offered . He was sorry for having troubled their lordships at such length , but the importance of the subject made him feel it his duly to do so ; and the more so , because many noble friends were present , who took different views of the subject . The matter was for ministers to consider in good time . It was their particular business to attend to it . He should only say one word more to the noble Secretary of State . Let him take care not to imitate the lazy fireman , who suffered all the houses in the street to be burnt down through his dilatoriness ; and when the mischief was done , appeared in the street with his engine . The noble earl concluded by moving the second reading of his Bill . rose and said : * My Lords ; entertaining strong and decided opinions on the subject of paper currency , which I have never lost any opportunity of expressing , both in my place in this House , and by every other means in my power , I have always been ready to discuss the subject in general , and naturally feel , at present , most anxious to justify my own conduct , in consequence of the charges which , on a late debate , have , in my absence , been made against me . Under these circumstances , I must crave your lordships ' pardon , if I feel compelled to speak of myself , and of my private concerns , in an assembly where such topics in general are so improper ; but the course of the late debate renders that detail imperative on me , and , indeed , the question has assumed that shape that it can not be treated otherwise than by di- *