them the common law of the land to regulate their conduct , and if they found that a clergyman had a right to Tythes upon flax , but only charged one shilling per acre , how could they take an oath that that was all they had a right to ? The same observation might be made as to potatoes , which , in some places , only paid sixpence per acre . He should aver that such a plan of regulation could not be practicable.—Mr . Pole then proceeded to animadvert upon the plan formerly suggested by Mr. Grattan , and endeavoured to shew the fallacy of the instructions therein proposed to be given to the commissioners . He contended that the unfortunate cultivator of land would not be relieved from the supposed grievance of Tythes . For supposing that there was a rate , per acre , in lieu of Tythe , the consequence would be that the landlord would charge , not nine-tenths of the produce of the land , but the whole of the produce upon the tenant . It would be no longer competent to say , when bargaining for rent , `` You must take into your consideration the tenth , which must be paid in Tythe . '' Thus , while the amount of the Tythe would be laid on by an acreable rate , the whole of the produce would be estimated by the landlord , in the charge of his rent . Was it not universally admitted that where land was Tythe free , the rent was considerably greater ? The reason why it was not accounted a grievance , when paid in rent , was , that the landlord and tenant , at the time of their contract for the farm , took all this into their consideration , and the tenant , being led to understand at the time , the condition he would be subjected to , became satisfied . It was therefore clear , if we could make the tenant understand his case in respect to tythe at the time of his taking the farm , he would not feel more dissatisfied in this situation , than he would do if he paid so much more rent . These 583 were the reasons , in his opinion , why one mode of payment was not , and the other was , accounted a grievance . There would be considerable difficulty in laying on this rate by acre , and when it should be charged upon the produce of each acre , by calculating so much for an acre of wheat , so much for an acre of barley . & c. the calculation through a parish might be so made as to bear very hard and very unjustly upon the owners of farms , without any regard to the quality of the soil . Originally he had approved of the mode proposed , that the clergy should have land in lieu of tythe ; but upon closer examination be found that even that mode would be attended with so many difficulties , as would render the justice of it impracticable . It would be found impossible in selling the tythes , and purchasing land in lieu of them , that the church could preserve the amount of their property ; they would lose nearly one-fourth . H. thought differently from others respecting the conduct of the clergy , and recollected several instances of their shewing great moderation . In Ireland , the tythe of agistment had been removed by act of parliament , and the bishops entered a protest memorable for its moderation and liberality . In the province of Ulster , though the tythe of milk had been petitioned against , and the legislature considered the charge of the clergy proper , yet it was discontinued , and no such thing was taken at this day . It was a fallacious conception , that tythes were more oppressive in Ireland than they were in this country . This mode of ameliorating the payment of tythes would be found totally inapplicable in Ireland , as it could