its ill fashion , he might retort , '' it was not cut out because it pleased my own fancy , or for any straight well-shaped man ; but how could I help cutting it so , as it was to fit a humpy ? `` —This must be his apology for the shape of his plan , in which he had endeavoured to apply common sense to existing circumstances . He now came to the plan itself , which he had laid down , by desire , to a very distinguished noble and learned lord . [ Here his lordship went into an explanation of his otter to lord Eldon , a copy of which will be seen at p . 740 . ] His grand object was to establish a mode of making payments which 787 would create a possibility of making legal tenders . Always keeping in view that the Bank was , and had proved itself to be , solvent , and limited by government to some extent , he proposed , 1st , That , as in Scotland , it should establish many branches throughout the country : 2dly , That in all these branches it should cause books for entries to be opened : 3dly , That persons possessing Bank notes should be entitled to have a credit to their amount in these books : 4thly , That for such credit they should be entitled to transfer all or part to any other person 's account : and , 5thly , as these entries could not be forged , that these transfers should be made a legal tender . Having opened the scheme of his Bank to their lordships , he had afterwards received information that a noble lord , possessing great landed property , because , no doubt , he had thought it right so to do , and that it could not be injurious to the public , had given notice to his tenants , that he should expect them to pay him their several rents in guineas , or in Portugal gold , or in Bank notes at a depreciated rate . If this example was followed , it must do incalculable mischief , and to guard against this was the object of his Bill . Various reasons had operated on his mind in favour of creating a new circulating medium , and that of book-entries and transfers . In doing this , he had availed himself of the vehicle of the Bank of England , as he found it established . He maintained that at this moment a pound sterling and a Bank note of 1l . were at par . He proved they were of equal value in this way : Suppose he were to go to a banker 's , and lay down 21 one-pound notes on one hand , and 20 guineas on the other , de-tiring that two separate accounts might be opened in his books for these two sums : he would find that they were both to the same amount , namely , twenty-one pounds . It was his wish , for five or six months to come , to maintain the pound note and pound sterling on this equality , which would not be the case were the example of the noble lord behind him ( lord King ) to be followed , and no legal provision made against that course . [ Here lord King , as we understood , asked if they were now at par ? ] Earl Stanhope said , he had no objection to be catechised by the noble lord , provided he allowed him , in his turn , to become parson . He had shewn that they were-at-par sufficiently to answer his argument , and he defied the noble lord to prove the contrary , He deprecated per- 788 mitting the possibility of this depreciation being created , as it must fill with discontent the most useful classes of the community , those on whom their lordships , as well as others , depended for the payments of their rents , and the means of living