be prepared to address us in something like the following manner— '' The King has a power to make whatever he pleases money ; and to make that money of what value he pleases . If you murmur at the supposed depreciation of Bank notes , beware that you do not provoke an exercise of the prerogative , which shall make those Bank notes to all intents and purposes legal money ; or which shall cure that pretended disparity between paper and gold about which you clamour so loudly , by raising the denomination of the coin . '' Is this what the right hon . gent , means to say ? If so—though I do not think that there would be much wisdom in the measure , —I admit that his Resolution is an apt and natural introduction to it . I can at least understand its application to the subject . I can see what is meant by it 102 But unless this be his meaning , I am at a loss to conceive how the assertion that the paper currency is actually depreciated , is disproved , or even touched by tin ; assertion of the King 's prerogative to establish and alter at his pleasure the legal money of the realm . The Resolutions on the subject of the coinage laws , which we rejected on a former night , and for which this of the right hon . gent . is intended as a substitute , had a direct and sensible bearing upon the question in dispute . In affirming the depreciation of the paper currency , it was-necessary to define the standard by which such currency was to be measured . The hon . and learned mover of the original Resolutions did define it , and , as I think , -with perfect truth , as well as precision . Can it be the right hon . gentleman 's intention , by stating with such laxity the absolute and indefinite power of the crown over the legal money of the realm , to imply that , where every thing is liable to such arbitrary fluctuation , there can be no fixed standard by which to measure the value of the currency ? If his argument be good for any thing , it can only be so by being pushed to this extent : but even then it affords no answer to the Re-solutions of the hon . and learned gent . Those Resolutions asserted that the paper currency is in a state of depreciation , if measured by the existing standard of our legal currency . The right hon . gent . does not contradict this assertion ; he passes it by ; he says nothing at all as to what the standard of our currency really is ; but contents himself with disparaging its fitness as a measure of value , by insinuating that , whatever it may be at the present moment , the King has , by his prerogative , an unlimited power of changing it . But , again , even if the King has this power , it is not pretended that he has la point of fact thought fit to exercise it . If any part of our currency has been varied in its value , either in respect to another part of it , or in respect to the standard , it is not pretended that this has been done by the interposition of the crown . The complaint is , however , that such a ; variation has in fact taken place in the value of Bank paper . What answer is it to this complaint , to say , that though the King has not , yet he might , if he pleased , have made a like variation in the current value of the coin ? There is , however , another operation of the prerogative , which , to make his defin- 103 nition complete , the right hon . gent . ought to have noticed ; but which he has altogether omitted , perhaps because he saw that it would bear inconveniently