, as it was contrary to the express provisions of an act of parliament . But with respect to the noble lord 's case it Was , he must repeat it , one of the most frivolous cases ever brought before parliament . rose , and observed , that some time ago he gave notice of a motion for the production of the minutes of evidence taken in the harbour of Barbadoes , before a court martial upon lieutenant Richards , of the Dart sloop of war . It was with very considerable pain that he now felt himself com- 1028 pelled to move , but his duty as a member of parliament would not allow him to pass over circumstances which he was in possession of , relating to the transaction for which lieutenant Richards was tried . In doing so , he brought it forward as a case , for further information . The facts were these , as had been stated to him from persons of respectability , on whose credit he could rely . Two years since the Dart sloop lay in the harbour of Carlisle , in Barbadoes , as a guardship , about fifty or one hundred yards from the shore . There was a seaman on board , who was under confinement , certainly for very bad behaviour , and during that confinement , while the captain was on shore , made a great noise , which disturbed lieutenant Richards , who with some other persons went to the man and inflicted a further , punishment , a punishment , which he with great pain and regret believed existed to a certain extent in the navy , namely , that of gagging , which was done by means of forcing a piece of wood into the mouth of the offender . In this instance , a large piece of iron was the gag made use of , which was fastened with a bandage over his mouth , and tied behind with a knot . This being done , lieutenant Richards went a-shore , leaving the man quiet ; and on his return he was indeed perfectly quiet—for he was dead ! apparently as if suffocated by the gag ; but this he did not mean to assert positively , though his information went to that effect . Lastly , in , the morning the unfortunate deceased was carried out of the ship ; no coroner 's ' inquest was taken on his body , and he was ; buried . Lieutenant Richards was then apprehended , but suffered to go at large ; and it was a justice due to him to say , that he did hot attempt to escape . He was afterwards tried by a court martial , whether for murder or for breach of discipline he did not know , but he was acquitted and dismissed the service . The hon . and learned gentleman then went on to State that this was not the only case of ' oppression and cruelly in the navy : he had several from the most respectable sources , which he could not bring forward from the lateness of the session , but which-he would state , abstaining from mentioning the names of the accused persons. , A captain in the navy , about two years since , acted with great severity to his crew , so much so , that to a man they expressed their discontent . One man was flogged once or twice , and this man said that if he 1029 was flogged again , he would not endure it , for he would leap overboard . This being told the captain , he replied , `` I will try the gentleman . '' The next time he was sentenced to be flogged the man actually leaped into the sea . At this time the vessel was under an easy press of sail ; murmurs were heard among the crew , of `` heave to ! heave to ! lower the boat ! lower the boat ! '' But the captain said , `` No ! if the gentleman