the realm ? This is the question which divides and agitates the public opinion . I , says the right hon . gent , will devise a mode of settling this question to the satisfaction of the public . By advising a proclamation ? No.—By bringing a vote into Parliament ? No.—By proposing to declare the joint opinion of both houses or the separate opinion of one ? No.—By what new process then ? Why , simply by telling the disputants that they are , and have been all along , however unconsciously , agreed upon the subject of their variance ; and gravely resolving , for them , respectively , an unanimous opinion . This is the very judgment , I should imagine , which Milton ascribes to the venerable Anarch whom be represents as adjusting the disputes of the conflicting elements : Chaos umpire sits , And by decision more embroils the fray . That the public would have bowed in reverence and submission to the pronounced opinion of the House of Commons , can not be doubted : but when the House of Commons speaks , not as a judge but as an interpreter , it can hardly expect to be regarded as infallible by those whose sentiments it professes to interpret . `` In public estimation , '' says the right 108 hon . gentleman 's Resolution , `` Bank notes and coin are equivalent . '' Indeed ? What then is become of all those persons who for the last six months have been by every outward and visible indication evincing , maintaining , and inculcating an opinion diametrically opposite ? Who wrote that multitude of pamphlets , with the recollection of which one 's head is still dizzy ? What is become of the whole class of readers of those pamphlets , of whom to my cost I was one ; and a great number of whom at least were convinced , like me , of the actual depreciation of our paper currency ? Were these writers and readers no part of the public ? or does the right , hon . gent , apprehend that his arguments must have wrought their conversion ? Far be it from me to say that , whatever I may think of his arguments , the authority of his name would not have great weight with me and with the public . Therefore do I regret that , if he does not think fit to frame his resolution in the name of the House of Commons , he should not at least resolve in his own name the equivalency which he is so bent upon establishing . A Resolution , importing that `` in the estimation '' of the right hon . gent , individually , `` Bank-notes are equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , '' though I do not pretend to say it would carry all the force of a decision of the legislature , would yet be a prodigious comfort even to those who are hardened in their disbelief of that equivalency ; as it would show them in that quarter to apply when they wished to make an exchange on equal terms . Nor would such a declaration of individual opinion , though unusual , be wholly without example . I saw the other day an address to the public , from a patriotic Lottery-office keeper , which in truth I should think had not escaped the right hon . gentleman 's notice , since his third Resolution is nearly a transcript of it . This worthy distributor of the favours of fortune disclaims in the most indignant terms the intention to `` make any distinction between Bank-notes , and the current coin of the realm . '' He is , `` at all times ready , '' he says , `` to serve the public with tickets or shares , on equal terms for either . '' Why should not the right hon . gent , give a similar demonstration of the sincerity of his own opinion ? It is obvious , that if the lottery office keeper , instead of