which he presumed to think his services had been , and might still continue to be useful ? Could any man of an honourable mind submit to such a sentence , and not feel himself thereby lessened , not only in the estimation of the world , but in that of himself ? Let any man put himself in that situation , and then he would be able to judge how great the punishment was . Had it not been publicly declared , and publicly proved , that this was effected through the means of a wicked conspiracy ? We had lately seen it practically illustrated what our armies could do , and could we deny that to the duke of York was to be attributed , in a considerable degree , the merit of the state of discipline to which they had been brought . Those who recollected our army on its narrow establishment , and now saw it on its enlarged scale , would be the best able to judge of this ; and when no man could deny , that to the duke of York was this in a great measure owing , must we not feel exultation at seeing him restored to a situation he so richly deserved ! said it was allowed on all hands that the army was now brought to a state of perfection it had never before reached , and that the duke of York had the principal share of the merit . Exclusion 488 from the office of Commander in Chief for two years , was , in his opinion , sufficient punishment for any delinquency of which he had been guilty ; and this , he was convinced , was the opinion of the country . He should therefore vote against the motion of the noble lord . contended that the evidence remained unshaken and uncontradicted . Among the many things which had excited his surprise in the course of the debate , one was , the different view in which the minutes of evidence seemed now to be taken . Was the House to be told that the minutes had undergone no change—that they were the same—precisely and distinctly the same , as when the House seemed to have but one feeling , whatever they might now determine by their vote , on the guilt of the duke of York ? to the astonishment of the House , as he was convinced it must be , the minutes would be proved to be the same . No change had taken place there ; and the hon . members who had thought so lightly of changing their opinions , could find no encouragement for it in any alteration of the evidence . He had unfortunately felt the impossibility of changing his opinion , while there appeared no apology for a change ; and he must actually persist in believing the duke of York unfit for office , and the ministers who re-appointed him as acting in a mariner irregular , indecorous , and unconstitutional , so long as the minutes of evidence told him so . There was a practice of the right hon . the ( Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , for which he probably claimed great credit , if it was to be thought so , from his fondness for it : it was a kind of bold , strutting , noisy claim of responsibility—an effort at what he called manfully meeting the charge , or claiming his share in the odium and danger of the acts of the ministry . His habit was , to throw himself forward when the public indignation was roused , and talk of his readiness to meet responsibility , and all possible enquiry into his conduct . His colleagues , too , were ardent and zealous , and equally ready in offering to meet the extremity of the public anger : but when this spirit , magnanimous as it was , came to be tried—when an offence was committed against the constitution—when the cry for justice was stem and strong and just , then those magnanimous ministers shrunk back , and