amount of its capital and in loans subsequently advanced , about 19½ millions , which was little short of their issues . He begged of gentlemen to consider this , when they talked about the solvency of the Bank . Mr. Pitt on this ground had been ready to give parliamentary security for the notes . The public had a right to know the amount of the Bank issues , and there was no wish for concealment on that head . No less than thirty-six returns had been made to the House of the amount of these issues . They had a right to know that their security was good , and he assured the House that the 901 surplus assets in the Bank , independent of its claims on the public , had not diminished since 1797 . It would be with extreme regret that he would resort to the measure of making Bank-notes a legal tender—and he regretted that there should be any necessity for this Bill . The noble lord who had given rise to it had done much mischief , and would do himself and his family no good by his conduct . It was in reality like applying a razor to his own throat . But since this had happened , the Bill was necessary—for if the landlord demanded payment in gold from his tenant , what was to hinder the clergyman from demanding his tythes in the same manner ? What was to hinder the holder of a bill of exchange also from insisting upon payment in coin ? It would be impossible to carry on the most common transactions of the day , if such an example were to be followed . What would be the situation of bankers in such a case ? From the manner in which the noble lord 's conduct had been approved and cheered ( hear , hear ! ) —yes , he said , approved and cheered , something must be done . Legal rights ought not always to be exercised—and if the noble lord should still persevere in proceeding with the utmost rigour , he would perhaps find difficulties in the courts , which would prevent any unpleasant effects to the tenant who tendered Bank-notes before the next session of parliament . He gave a reluctant consent to this Bill ; but denied that the Bank directors wished to make their notes a legal tender and he also denied that there was any desire on the part of the Bank to connect itself with government , or with any particular minister more than another ; and as a proof of this latter circumstance , stated that the Bank had made larger advances while Mr. Fox was in administration , than at any former period . said , that for the last 14 years they had always been liable to such a proceeding as that adopted by the noble lord , at the caprice of any individual , and the wonder was , perhaps , that they had gone so long without some such inconvenience occurring ; and yet they might have gone on longer had it not been for a want of moderation in the bank in issuing their notes . For the present unfortunate state of things , there was , in his opinion , no certain cure , except in regulating those issues so as to enable the bank to resume payments in cash . But he would not restrict them peremptorily to the period of 902 two years . Much would be done if it were laid down that it was the duty of the bank to look towards such a resumption , and to do all they conveniently could to limit their paper so as to bring it to an equality with coin , when payment in cash might be safely resumed . This was the more necessary , because some alarming circumstances had appeared in the course of these discussions relative to the conduct of the directors who had applied for the restriction in 1797 . He hoped on the second reading of the Bill , that it would be distinctly