. They must be cautious not to offend this large body , and that , too , in a way accompanied by gross injustice . It was on that feeling he had acted on several cases ; such as that , for instance , of the Dissenters lately , or any class who felt or apprehended abuse . His Bill removed dangerous temptations , and made the pound and note in his sense , or left them , on a par . This Bill had been commended greatly by those who seldom approved of any motion of his . He was happy at this ; but they went even farther , and said it was the very best remedy they had heard , but not yet necessary , as nobody would be found to follow the example of his noble friend . He liked rather to give to people the protection of the law , than any understanding or caprice of other men , which was not a firm foundation . As the noble Secretary of State shewed no disinclination , if any necessity appeared , the question turned merely on the probability of the example set being followed . He had a bundle of instances of this sort , and he only wished that a great many more would say so at once , and then they would proceed to prevent the evil . Here the noble earl produced a number of letters , from several of which he read extracts . One person wrote that his landlord said , '' What one landlord can do , all can do . If lord King succeeds , I will do the same : '' and then proceeded , without a fee , to ask the noble earl 's opinion . Another letter stated a recent transaction in Hampshire , where a man bought an estate for 400l . and paid down 100l . of the money , and afterwards fitted up a house and other buildings at the expence of several hundred pounds more . Some time afterwards came the time of payment , when the vender desired to have his money in specie . The buyer could not get guineas , and notes were refused by the vender , who would have his payment in guineas , or his land back again . The buyer was actually trying to raise money by mortgage on his improvements . The only consolation left to the buyer was an intimation from a friend of the vender 's that he could inform him where he might obtain the guineas he wanted , by paying twenty seven shillings a piece for them ! ( Hear ! hear ! 789 from both sides . ) Some might smile , and some shake their heads at this ; the whole country might well shake their heads at it . His lordship read another letter which stated the conduct , not of a landlord , but of a lady . He did not know whether the noble lord near him had followed the lady or the lady had followed the lord ; but the lady had refused to take any thing but gold , and had asked a person interested , whether he was acquainted with the difference between taking Bank-notes and taking gold . This person , in writing to him , stated an apprehension of the seizure of goods , and a readiness to come and prove the statement made in the letter . Another person , a professional man , had written to him , saying that he had witnessed much of the traffic , and apprehended from it most serious consequences . He stated , that he had been long in the habit of paying and receiving many small sums . A few days ago a gentleman had come to him from another part of the country , and paid him 800l . observing that he had brought with him 300 guineas , with which , or part of it , the other wished him to oblige him in the payment ; but he would not part with any of them , saying