short , when he considered the time , labour , and fortune which Mr. Palmer had expended in bringing his scheme to maturity , and the benefits which arose from it , he was surprized to see one member refuse him an equivalent pecuniary , compensation which he had been originally promised , and which was confirmed by that House . He should certainly support it in every stage . stated , that be had been Chairman of the Committee appointed to investigate this claim , and his opinion clearly was , that Mr. Palmer had no right to any compensation beyond what he had received . Gentlemen were disposed , to rate higher than it deserved the improvement introduced into the Post-office by Mr. Palmer , although he was ready to admit that Mr. Palmer 's plan much good . The increase in the Post-office revenue , however , was not to be ascribed solely to this . The improvement of the 259 country was also to be taken into account . But the question was , what had Mr. Palmer contracted for ? The claim had been brought forward in 1797 , and a decision given against it . It had afterwards been brought forward ten years after , when Mr. Pitt was no more . From the evidence of Mr. Pitt , however , it clearly appeared that the situation in the Post-office had been given to Mr. Palmer in lieu of his claim ; that he was to have a salary , and a certain percentage if he did his duty in the office . Upon these terms the bargain had been concluded . Mr. palmer had not done his duty , and had been removed ; and under these circumstances he did not think he had any claim to remuneration . He had engaged to accelerate the delivery of the letters , and instead of doing that , he had conspired to retard their delivery . It might be said that Mr. Palmer had been unfortunate in a deputy ; but however that might be , it was impossible for him ( Mr. Dundas ) to refuse credit to the evidence contained in Mr. Palmer 's own letters . in addition to the grounds of objection stated by the right hon . gent . opposite , felt an objection of an earlier date to this motion . If the resolution of 1808 decided this question , he would allow that they ought not now to be discussing it . But though an act blight have passed that House : yet , if thrown out by the Lords , it would be a fair subject of discussion , on being in another session brought in again . The objection he felt was as to the legality of the original contract under which Mr. Palmer claimed . He doubted whether any minister of the crown had the power to mortgage any part of the public revenue in such a way during the life of the person to whom he might think proper to grant it . The minister , no doubt , had the command of the public purse , but he should have the sanction of parliament for such a grant in reward even of merit . He denied that all the increase of the revenue of the post-office was to be attributed to Mr. Palmer 's plan . If the House would but look to the number of canals and docks , and other public works , which had taken place all over the kingdom , they would perceive the necessary increase of that revenue from the correspondence that grew out of them . If even the agreement had been valid in the first Instance , which he denied : the conduct of Mr. Palmer had been such as to set it aside , though his 260 claim had been derived from a patent Such was his notion of the conduct of Mr. Palmer that he thought he might have been indicted for a conspiracy ; when he looked around the House , he was sure that many members were absent , who , in