sitting , and afterwards relapse , parliament would have in the next session the same tedious and operose machinery to go through again for the purpose of supplying the deficiency in the executive . When from the answers of the physicians it appeared that a relapse would be highly probable , he thought it was evident that some measures ought to be taken to prevent the country from being again for many months without any executive government . He had already given notice of an intention to propose some measure to guard against the recurrence of such a calamity , and he should certainly take an opportunity before the close of the session , of proposing something to that effect . allowed that on a question of supply every gentle-man had a right to introduce whatever topics he thought proper into the discussion . He trusted , however , that the House would excuse him from going at any length , into the details of the various subjects introduced by the hon . gentleman in the Speech he had just delivered , and be content with such observations as he thought it necessary to make upon the most prominent parts of it . When he submitted the Resolution he had just laid on the table to the consideration of the Committee , he had not entertained the slightest idea that the hon . gent . would go into so wide a field of argument on subjects , some of which , according to notice , he meant to bring forward for distinct and specific matter of debate . He could not , therefore , be supposed to come prepared to answer them fully when thus unexpectedly intoduced . With respect to the commercial question , he could only say , that there was no pretence for stating , in consequence of the petitions which had been alluded to , that the system had failed on our part , and that it had succeeded on the part of France . It was by no means fair to infer , that because certain extraordinary circumstances had happened in the course of the commerce of Europe , our trade and manufactures had alone been injured , and that France had not suffered in as great a proportion . This was a question on which many persons of great authority widely differed ; and it was at present certainly undetermined . He for his 452 own part , verily believed , that had we never made our Orders in Council , not a single part of the trade of the continent would have been different from what it now was , but the situation of France would undoubtedly have been far more advantageous , and her commercial concerns more prosperous , had we , as the hon . gentleman seemed to desire and recommend , acquiesced tamely in those decrees , and thereby degraded and debased the country by a sacrifice of its best and dearest rights , the careful maintenance of which had brought us to our present state of glory and comparative prosperity . If we looked to the affairs which had been passing in the Peninsula , we should find , that France , during the last six months , had not been able to pay her armies : on the contrary , we had in all that time never failed to pay ours to the utmost farthing . This was one instance of our superiority and advantage over France , for our trade alone had enabled us to do it ; but if we turned our eyes to the general state of distress which pervaded the whole continent of Europe we should find that our own difficulties , great as they unquestionably were , bore but a small proportion to what were experienced abroad . The effects of our Orders in Council were not , as the hon . gent . and others had said , to prevent commerce , but to encourage it and that they had done this one strong proof was , that in addition to his Milan and Berlin Decrees , the tyrant of Europe was