the royal duke , who with these imputations still hanging on him , would be suffered to return to office ? No , not one . Though he might not have been even charged with personal guilt ; yet , his permission to make money by the sale of commisions , his negligence in the conduct of his civil office , and the remaining stigmas which attached to his public life , would have been an insurmountable obstacle to the return of any man but the duke of York . That man ought not to be entrusted with power whose failure and neglect brought down no responsibility . His royal highness the duke of York was now returning triumphantly to a great office , to which no other man , under similar charges , would have been permitted to return : and , therefore , the argument was irresistible , that his royal highness ought not to be reinstated in a situation which he ought never to have filled . A great inconvenience had resulted from his illustrious rank , as being of the blood-royal , the son of the king , and the brother of the prince of Wales . Where was the subject , who was not of the blood-royal , who could have hoped to be restored to office , if removed from it under circumstances similar to those under which the duke of York had resigned ? If , then , no individual , not of the blood-royal , could hope to be restored if he were removed under such circumstances , it followed that gross injustice had been done to all the other persons who had been forced to walk out of office in consequence of their having been suspected of improper practices ; for those men were removed without 491 any hopes of return . The right hon . gent . had dwelt much to-night on the general conduct of the Duke in the command of the army , the affection they bore towards him , the admirable organization and various checks which had been introduced by him . These were , however , no new topics ; and he therefore could not see why they should influence the House now to form a different opinion on the evidence than what they had come to at the time of the investigation . If the good of the army was now their paramount consideration , and it was for that object alone that they wished the duke of York to be restored , he wondered how they could ever have consented that this command should be taken away from a person whom they stated to be so eminently qualified for it ; and he wondered still more that they should have consented to transfer it from the direction of so much vigour and ability to the extreme of feebleness which was to be expected from the advanced age of Sir David Dundas . He could not , however , suppose , even if there was no royal prince fit to take the situation , that England could ever want men fit to be trusted with the command of the army . When serious charges had been brought against the duke , and investigated , then his royal highness was advised to withdraw from the storm : but now , ministers were found fearless enough to propose his re-instatement . Now , he would put it to the feelings of any member in that House , whether , as a simple subject , he had been removed from office under such circumstances. , the road to re-appointment would ever be opened to him ? He was convinced there was no one who would answer in the affirmative . He would put it to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself , whether , even after a verdict of acquittal upon charges brought against a minister , he ever ventured to propose bringing that nobleman again into office ? A noble lord ( Chatham ) had last year gone out of office , and there had been no talk of his re-appointment . He