the next morning that the ministers had determined to support the Bill , and , had he not been prevented by indisposition , he should have felt it his duty to have attended on Wednesday to sign the Protest against it . He now felt it his duty most solemnly to protest against the Bill , which he conceived must lead to the very worst consequences , in making in effect , though not technically . Bank notes a legal tender , and in fixing a maximum for gold , that it should not be received or paid at above a certain rate ; and a minimum for Bank notes , that they should not be received or paid at below a certain rate . In the adoption of these principles , of a forced circulation of paper currency , and a maximum and a minimum , he conceived there was the greatest danger to the opulence and the permanent interests of the country . He saw no effectual remedy for the existing state of things , but the repeal of the Bank Restriction act , and thought it might not be expedient to carry such a measure into effect immediately , still no time ought to be lost in bringing it about . He regretted 848 that a noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) was not now present , in whose administration , during the period of the peace of Amiens , the Bank directors came to him with tears in their eyes , ( whether sincere or hypocritical it was impossible now to say ) praying that the restriction might be taken off , and that they might be again allowed to pay in cash . That was then refused . The Bank directors had since materially altered their opinion , and were now most solicitous that the restriction should not be taken off . He could not , however , forgive them for not making their arrangements , which would facilitate their paying in specie whenever it should be thought expedient to resort to that measure—a measure which he conceived to be the only effectual remedy for that state of things which it was sought to palliate by the present Bill.—After a short pause , expressed his astonishment that no noble lord on the other side should have risen to attempt to justify or explain the clauses which had from that side of the House been introduced into the Bill , and which so peculiarly called for explanation from those who proposed or supported them . Under these circumstances , he felt it his duty to make a few observations upon the Bill , as it now stood , and which he considered as wholly nugatory with respect to the object it professed to have in view , whilst at the same time it threw still greater difficulties in the way of the adjustment of contracts between landlord and tenant . There must now be two operations instead of one . As the law stood , the tenant might satisfy the contract by paying the Bank note at its real value . That being rendered impossible by this Bill , the tenant must take a certain portion of his produce to market , and sell it at a lower rate , for the purpose of procuring gold to satisfy his landlord . If those who now urged forward this Bill thought they could thereby retard the depreciation of Bank notes , or prevent there being two prices , one in paper and the other in gold , they were miserably mistaken . Already there were in fact two prices , a gold and a paper price , and to that the system must come . He had listened with much attention to the arguments of ministers upon this subject , and they really amounted to nothing more than this— '' The Bank of England have issued a piece of paper , which they call a one pound note . We ( the Treasury ) agree to take it as a one 849 pound note , therefore it is a one pound note , and equal to a pound