the deplorable state of many of those orphans , and the abuses , which prevailed from the maladministration of the existing laws . There was no subject which had a more powerful claim on the interference of the House , nor any in which that interference was likely to be productive of more good . There were several abuses which it was in his power to enumerate , but he should confine himself to a few of the most prominent ones . It was the practice of some of the parishes to bind a great number of apprentices at the distance of 2 or 300 miles from town , where they were deprived of all hope of ever seeing their parents again , or if `` they attempted it , were in danger of being taken up as vagrants in some of the parishes through which they might travel . This was to be lamented , for every thing good in human character arose from the cultivation of that natural affection which subsisted between parents and children , and other amicable feelings of this kind . The consequences resulting from binding such a number of apprentices to one person , were very bad . He knew a recent instance of a man in Manchester , who had become a bankrupt , and no less than 200 parish apprentices bound to him , were , on his failure , marched oft '' in a body to the workhouse . He was sorry to learn that there were so many objections urged against the Bill in contemplation , and he hoped the subject would be fully and maturely discussed . Among other evils attendant on the present disposal of parish 518 apprentices , the crime of murder committed by the masters was not unfrequent , and he was in possession of some instances , which would fill the House with horror . In 1787 , an unfortunate girl had been murdered by her master , by inclosing her in a heated oven : and several others , which he felt surprised had never produced the legislative interference of the House . Those poor children looked to the House for that protection which they could not meet elsewhere , and though it was too late in the present session for the Committee to effect any thing , he trusted the subject would be fully investigated . heartily concurred with his hon . and learned friend , in the necessity which existed for the interference of the House , and knew of several instances similar to those which he mentioned . said , that this subject had engaged much of his attention some years ago , and he had introduced some measures into the House relative to it . The abuses complained of were not confined to large establishments , as stated by the hon . and learned gentleman , where , on the contrary , it was the interest of the masters to derive benefit from the labour of the apprentices , rather than to destroy them , as they received them without a premium . Nor could he agree with him in what he slated about the evil of the apprentices being torn from their parents , for in fact , they had no parents who owned them , but they were thrown on the parish . If the number of apprentices in the large manufactories was limited , it would be productive of considerable injury to individuals , and the country at large . stated , that if cotton manufacturers were prevented from taking a number of those apprentices , the price of labour would be raised , and great inconvenience experienced . said , that he did not differ much in the main question from his hon . and learned friend , but thought , that a system of too minute legislation had gone abroad lately , and denied that a few instances summed up , and dwelt upon , were sufficient to prove that the abuses complained of were so great as represented ; for his part , in his experience as a magistrate , he knew more instances