; but it was thought advisable that he should take the three hours exercise at once , from eleven till two , every day : the cold of the apartment had been remedied by a baize door . If was a mistake to represent Mr. Finnerty as under solitary confinement . He was under no such thing . As to the complaint made by an hon . gentleman of the severity of banishing the petioner to a gaol so distant from the metropolis , it was in compliance with the earnest applications of the prisoner 's friends that he was not sent to a prison in the immediate vicinity of London , but sent to a country gaol , and one which was con- 736 sidered the healthiest in England . He understood that the offensive smell complained of did not exist . He professed-himself , however , ready to recommend the adoption of every measure likely to promote the health and accommodation of the prisoner , and at the same time consistent with the precautions necessary to prevent a recurrence of the same indecent irregularities to which he had alluded . said that it appeared from various statements of Mr. Finnerty , that the gaoler had acted towards him in the most brutal manner possible , answering all his applications for redress by messages through the turnkey conveyed in terms the most insolent and scandalous . He hoped the right hon . gentleman would engage to get Mr. Finnerty one of the front apartments in the more airy part of the prison . could not give any other than the general pledge he had given , qualified by the conditions he had annexed to it . hoped , now that the right hon . gentleman had promised every thing necessary to remedy the grievances complained of by Mr. Finnerty , the object of the petition had thus been gained and since that was the case , he trusted the discussion would not continue the whole night . An hon . gentleman had favoured the House with a high and elaborate eulogium on Mr. Finnerty , and had certainly in the course of it brought certain merits of that person to light which he had never before heard attributed to him . He hoped , however , now that the wishes of the House were known upon the subject , that there would be no necessity for any more eulogies upon the great services and great talents of Mr. Finnerty . said , in explanation , that in what he had said of Mr. Finnerty , he did not affect to pass any eulogy upon him . He had merely stated what he understood to be facts ; and if those facts were of a nature so praise-worthy as to amount in effect to an eulogy , he did not see why the statement of them should have been so offensive to the hon . gentleman 's delicacy . He might , however , call it eulogy if he pleased ; but while it was true , he should not be ashamed of it . He did not think it ought to be withheld from Mr. Finnerty merely because he happened to be at that time an unfortunate prisoner pining in a cell . His motive , in saying what he had of Mr Finnerty was to do 737 away that prejudice which he feared had been but too active against him in this country , and which was , perhaps , in part the cause of the oppressions under which he now laboured , and which it would be to the disgrace of that House to have heard , and not remedied . in explanation , said , that he did not doubt the statement made by the hon . gentleman ; but had said only that he had attributed to Mr. Finnerty qualities by which he had never before heard of his being distinguished . agreed with the noble lord who had expressed himself so handsomely on this question , that this was an application for justice , not indulgence . He wished to set the right hon