thousand pounds as a sum that might be serviceable to the petitioners ; but as in the same breath he estimated the number of sufferers at five hundred thousand , the House would judge how far such a sum could be available to an evil so extensive . Many misapprehensions had gone abroad as to former circumstances 434 connected with this subject . Among others it had been said , that Mr. Pitt on a former occasion had laid out 200,000l . or 300,000l . of the public money , in the purchase of goods , for the relief of the manufacturers . Nothing could be more unfounded . The possibility of a minimum of wages , of a limitation in the number of apprentices , & c. & c. were all points that were discussed and determined in the Committee to which he had already alluded . In his opinion , it was impossible to devise any method by which effectual relief could be afforded to those persons who had suffered so much and so patiently . There was no description of individuals in the country better entitled to the consideration and favour of the House , if any man living could point out a mode by which they might be benefited . trusted , that the House would enquire into the distresses of the petitioners with a patient attention . Their petitions were such as it was becoming them to present , and their appeal was made to the generosity and liberality of the House . The sons and brothers of many of the persons whose names were signed to these petitions were shedding their blood in the cause of their country ; but even their conduct was not more meritorious than the peaceable behaviour of the petitioners under their sufferings . He hoped , therefore , that the House would , by agreeing to the motion , shew that they were ready to enquire whether any relief could possibly be afforded to them . had attended all the Committees which had enquired into this subject since he had the honour of a seat in that House , and the conviction upon his mind was , that no human ingenuity could devise the relief required . When the last report was made , he felt this impression so strongly , that he had given notice of his intention to oppose any motion for laying such petitions in future on the table . But still , as it might be better to agree to the present motion , than to reject the application in a peremptory manner , though he expected no benefit to result from the proceeding , he should consent to go into the Committee , under the impression that it might tend to soothe the feelings of a very meritorious class of subjects . observed , that as it seemed to be admitted on all hands that an investigation into the distresses of the petitioners , with a view to ascertain what practicable relief could be afforded them , ought to 435 take place , the only question was , what that relief was to consist of . It had happened to him to know , that in a small district in the country , with which he was more particularly connected , distresses such as those complained of by the petitioners had been very severely felt . He knew , also , that these distresses had been in a great degree relieved by the measures taken by humane individuals , and the voluntary exertions of those who had the means of assisting towards that object . The relief thus afforded had been productive of highly beneficial consequences . It might be right that the Committee should Consider how far relief , such as that he referred to , could be applicable to the case of the petitioners . He wished , however , not to be understood to say , that the precise mode of relief , which had been found so serviceable in a small district , would be equally beneficial if resorted to for the relief of the large bodies of manufacturers whose