yard , while I am denied the opportunity of enjoying air and exercise in the area which surrounds the prison , and to which all the other prisoners are admitted throughout the day , excepting only the common felons and myself . Of this privation I have the more reason to complain , because from the state of my health , being subject to indigestion and violent spasmodic affections in the stomach , I have been uniformly advised by all medical men , whom I have had occasion to consult , to seek the enjoyment of fresh air , and to take as much exercise as I could bear . Such has been the opinions of Doctors Lipscomb , Wright , and Stanton , whom I have consulted in London ; and such also is the opinion of the physicians to whom I have had occasion to resort since my arrival here , and whose certificate is annexed . Such treatment as I complain of is , I am persuaded , as contrary to the intention of the Judges by whom I have been sent here , as it is I submit , inconsistent with that to which any man committed for a misdemeanor , ought to be subjected . ' `` That about a week after the petitioner 's arrival here , he was , in consequence of this remonstrance , visited by the magistrates , one of whom , in the course of conversation , observed , that they ( the magistrates ) could not compel the jailor to accommodate petitioner with rooms in the front of the prison ; adding , that he understood 726 another person confined for a libel ( whom he named ) paid three guineas a-week for his accommodation in another prison . To this observation petitioner said , that he could not afford to pay so much ; upon which another of the magistrates observed , that his ( Petitioner 's ) subscriptions '' were likely to be considerable . '' In a few days after this visit , petitioner was allowed to take exercise for three hours each day , which according to his request , was fixed at from eight to nine in the morning , from one till two in the afternoon , and from five till six in the evening . But this arrangement was soon after altered , and an order issued , that such petitioner should take exercise for 3 hours in succession , namely , from eleven till two o'clock . Against this order Petitioner again remonstrated ; but the orders respecting the treatment of Petitioner have throughout varied in such a manner , as to justify Petitioner in stating that they are dictated by a spirit of oppression . `` That , for a period of nearly five weeks , petitioner was not allowed to go into the area for the enjoyment of air and exercise at all , inconsequence of which his health suffered so severely , that the medical gentleman who usually attended him , thought it necessary to call in another physician ; and Petitioner-despairing of any redress from the magistrates , had the certificates of these two gentlemen transmitted to the sheriff , copies of which certificates are hereunto annexed . The sheriff in reply , as petitioner understands , communicated his opinion to the magistrates , that petitioner should be allowed the air and exercise recommended by the physician , but still petitioner has been allowed only one hour each day , namely , from one until two o'clock ; and if it rain at that period he is not permitted to go out at any other hour , his application to that effect having been peremptorily refused . Upon one occasion , indeed , Petitioner being severely afflicted by a headache , to which he has been , subject for some time back , sent a request to the gaoler that he might , in consequence of his illness , be allowed to go into the air of the Castle-yard , even for half an hour , in . lieu of the hour from one till two o'clock—but