: a compulsory law to support public credit , was one which was enough in itself to excite very general alarm ; the fickle conduct of his Majesty 's government in first opposing , and then suddenly giving all their aid in forwarding this measure , was enough almost to excuse the suspicions which had by some persons been so unwarrantably indulged in respecting all public men . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had told them , that if that Bill failed in doing what he expected it would do , that it would then be necessary to make Bank notes a legal tender . Those , therefore , who did not expect any thing from this measure , were to argue it with a reference to that Bill , which they were told would follow after it . It was certainly but just , that if we compel the public creditor to take that paper , we ought to protect him from the loss arising out of its depreciation ; but it was necessary to shew that this Bill could so protect the public creditor , before they could prove that it was necessary . He did not think that it would have any such effect ; but of this he was certain , that if they were sincere in their wish to protect the public creditor from the injustice complained of , they might remove the measure that created that injustice . In alluding to the conduct of a noble lord ( King ) , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said that certain gentlemen , who had originally opposed the Restriction act , had done so , because they apprehended that it would create a double price , and yet these same persons approved of the conduct of lord King , though so much more likely , if generally instituted , to produce that effect . To this , he would answer that lord King 's conduct could have no such possible tendency , and that with respect to the apprehensions of a double price being the ultimate result of the Restriction act , they had been proved by the event to hare been but too well founded . The result of that act had verified all the predictions which had been made by those who opposed it . There was , in fact , a double price , though it could not be proved conclusively from the habits of the small retailers who bought to sell again . So that 917 it was not trying the question fairly to I put the case they had so often heard of , that one man would get as much in a shop for a pound note and a shilling , as another would for his guinea . He who was immediately affected by the depreciation of paper , was the man who lived on an income arising out of a fixed capital—and in this point of view , considering how necessary it was to call the attention of the public to the true state of the question , he thought the conduct of lord King highly patriotic and laudable , in bringing home the question in such a way that it must be met , that it could not any longer be evaded . But what effects could be expected from even the bold measure of making paper a legal tender . There was , he contended , no injustice in the demand of lord King , if made on his tenantry . But what would this do , but transfer the injustice supposed to be suffered by the tenant , in that case , really to the landlord . But how could such a law be made effectual ? Suppose such a law in force , could it prevent a landholder front saying—there is my land , give me 300l . in gold coin , and it is yours ; or if you will pay me in paper , I will not take less than 360l . in fact , they might as well expect , by the mere