, however , attach much weight to those answers when they were contrary to the recorded articles of the Catholic faith . He recollected how often history had spoken of the opinions of universities obtained by bribery . When Henry the 8th wished to marry his brother 's wife , half the universities of Europe declared that it was lawful , and the other half declared that it was not lawful . The secret , however , was at length discovered ; for it 412 appeared , that king Henry had bribed one half of them , and the emperor had bribed the other half . As to the number at which the Irish Catholics were stated , he was convinced that it was a great exaggeration . The whole population of Ireland did not exceed three millions and an half ; and one million and an half of those were not Catholics . When he said the population did not exceed three millions and an half , he went on actual calculation , and not on that bouncing bravado supposition , which added every year half a million to the population of Ireland . About so years ago a calculation had been made by Mr. Bushe , of the population of Ireland , and it was then said to amount to four millions . But the principle that Mr. Bushe went on was , that there were 700,000 houses paying the hearth tax , which on the supposition of six to a house , would give above 4 millions . But the fact was , that this calculation was too high ; for instead , of six to a house , it had appeared , from actual numbering , that five , or five and a quarter to a house was the proper calculation , which would bring down the population to three millions and an half , of which he did not believe that more than two millions were Catholics . How did the Catholics stand as to property ? Forty nine parts out of fifty of the landed property belonged to Protestants , and so did at least nine tenths of the personal property . It was not , then , the Catholics that paid the taxes in Ireland , it was the Protestants . As to the Catholic soldiers , he had no doubt but that they behaved as bravely as other soldiers , but he did not think there was any particular merit ; in their enlisting for a bounty , Nobody could suppose that it was for love of glory , or the good of the country , or any thing else but the enlisting money which tempted them to go into the army . As to the Irish officers , he did not believe that one out of a hundred was a Catholic , or one out of ten in the militia ; and it must be recollected that of the Irishmen in the army and navy a very great proportion were Protestants . It therefore appeared to him that the Catholics had no right to claim such extraordinary merit for their services in the army and navy.—Dr . Troy , the Catholic bishop of Dublin , had stated in a pamphlet that the supremacy of the pope was the bond of Catholic unity . As the supremacy of the pope was therefore an article of faith , they did not venture to take the oath of 413 supremacy , although he supposed that they would not hesitate at taking any other sort of oath . It was a doctrine of their religion that oaths taken with heretics were absolutely null and void . ( No , no , from many members ) . He should say , Yes , yes ; it was a doctrine of their belief , and he did not doubt but that it would in many casts be the rule of their conduct . Dr. Milner himself had stated that oaths were to be judged of by expediency ; and for simply quoting this from his book last year , he had been grievously abused . The right