of England , it would be well to recollect by what arms they were defended . Their lord-ships would look at the peninsula , where , it was said , the contest was carried on for the salvation of the country , and mark how much was owing to the exertions of the Irish Catholics . Was it just or fair to be so suspicions of the loyalty and allegiance of the Catholics , or to doubt of their attachment to that country in defence of which they were shedding their best blood ? Those who had perished in the cause had at least done this good , even if their merits had not been so conspicuous on other grounds , that they had increased—the feeling of confidence with which 662 their surviving brethren ought to be regarded . Their lordships had full security that the oaths of the Catholics were held by themselves to be binding . In 1793 the Catholics had been admitted to various privileges upon the security of their oaths . Where was the mischief here from the influence of the pope ? To deny that the Catholics were to be credited on oath , was to imitate the example of the metaphysicians who required as the ground of their reasoning , that their antagonists should disbelieve the evidence of their own senses . They had only to judge of the professions of the Catholics by their conduct . The noble lord had alluded to the difficulties that occurred with regard to the securities necessary for the preservation of the established church . For sufficient securities on that head , he should be as much disposed to contend as any noble lord present ; but it was not surprising that there should be some jealousy as to the particular plan . The Catholics had , perhaps , seen Lord Lieutenants and other officers of government in Ireland , rendering even the Protestant church , the vehicle of political influence ; and it was natural for them to imagine that the Catholic church would not be used for any better purpose . But their apprehensions , he was convinced , were confined to the undue exercise of political influence in their own church . The great body of the Catholics of property—he did not allude to any particular meeting of Catholics—but the great body he was convinced , felt as strongly inclined to oppose foreign influence in the nominations to their churches as their lordships . But the plan would be the subject of discussion in the Committee . There they might consider what securities were necessary ; and without such securities , their lordships would certainly not grant this great boon . But that something should be done to restore to the Catholics the privileges of the constitution , there could be no doubt . Their honourable ambition to serve their country in the highest situations ought unquestionably to be gratified . This was essential to the completion of the measure of the Union . He had the authority of a distinguished statesman concerned in bringing about that Union , that its good effects depended upon the admission of the Catholics to all the benefits of the constitution ; and he had illustrated that sentiment by the emphatic quotation from Virgil : 663 Non ego , nec Teucris Italos parere jubebo , Nec nova regna peto ; paribus se legibus ambæ Invictæ gentes æterna in fœdera mittant . * It was essential to the peace and security of all that the union should be thus completed . It was essential even for the security of the established church as well as the state , which depended in a great measure on the exertions of those who were the objects of this petition . When all their just claims were acceded to , they would be bound to the interests of the whole country * The following is the passage in Mr. Pitt 's speech of the 31st of January 1799 , to which the noble marquis alluded : `` But , Sir , if , on the other hand , it should happen that there be