to limit the issue of the notes of the Bank of England to their present amount . He could not go the length of some of his noble friends , whom he highly respected , in thinking it 834 expedient that the Bank should immediately pay in gold . He certainly thought that gold might be obtained in sufficient quantity , and that there appeared but little in the country , because owing to the extent of the paper currency , there was little demand for it . There was plenty of gold and silver in prance , because nothing else was taken in payment , and therefore the demand for it was great . We had in this country great quantities of colonial produce and manufactures , that he saw no reason why we might not also obtain , plenty of gold , if there was a demand for it . He did not , however , think it would be expedient suddenly to compel payment in specie . Such a sudden shock would produce injurious effects , in the immediate fall in the price of every commodity , which would be ruinous to individuals ; The only safe mode would , be conceived , be to resort gradually to payments in specie , and gradually to restore the former circulating medium . He felt it , therefore , his duty to oppose this Bill going into a Committee , but if it was persisted in , he should feel it incumbent on him to move a clause to be added to it , enacting that the issue of the notes of the Bank of England should not be increased beyond the amount on the 1st of this month . This , he conceived to be at all events , absolutely necessary , as some security against the excessive issue of their notes and their consequent unlimited depreciation . contended that his Bill did not go to render it compulsory to receive Bank notes , and observed that such a proposition , and that contained in the Bill , were essentially different . Was there no difference between a man being compelled to take a Bank note , and his having the right to refuse it , merely being told , that if he did take it , and thereby acknowleged the Bank who issued it , to be solvent , he must take it at the value expressed in it . The object of his Bill was to prevent injustice . Would it not be admitted , that in the case of a mortgage upon an estate , the estate must pay the interest of the mortgage before the proprietor touched a shilling of the rent for his own use . Was not , in the case of money borrowed by the public , the whole landed property of the country pledged to the payment of the public creditor ? Was it just , then , that the public creditor should be compelled , as he was to receive Bank notes in payment of his dividend at the full value expressed in them , that 835 he should receive only 100l . for his 100l . income , whilst the landed proprietor should receive for his 100l . rent 120l. ? His object in this Bill was , that they should both be placed upon a par . He denied the depreciation of which so much had been said , contending , as he had said before , that for 21l . in Bank notes and 20 guineas , he should have an entry made for an equal sum in a banker's-book , that he could for each demand 21l . in cash if he so pleased of the banker , and that therefore , a pound note and a pound sterling were equal in Value . The impossibility of procuring gold to make payments rendered some measure absolutely necessary . His noble friend had spoken of the ease with which gold was to be obtained , but how was it to be procured ? The quantities of colonial produce and manufactures which his noble friend had mentioned