liberty of stating my very great apprehensions , lest it should be followed by all the calamities which in every country have resulted from giving to paper a compulsory circulation ; and since the depreciation , which I then foresaw , has become manifest , I consider it an imperative duty to use my endeavours , however feeble , to persuade the House to retrace its steps . This bill has been supported , first , as conformable to certain dicta of Mr. Pitt ; secondly , as a necessary consequence of the restriction itself : and , thirdly , as indispensible to protect the tenant against the oppression of his landlord , and the stockholder against the manifest injustice of receiving his dividend in paper , while the private creditor compels a metallic payment from his debtor . 1039 As to the first point , I must be excused , if , after a lapse of fourteen years . I am disposed to place no great faith in such an authority , when opposed to Mr. Pitt 's public measures and parliamentary declarations . Secondly , if it be considered to have been the purpose of the Restriction Act to force a paper circulation upon the country , whatever might be its depreciation , this bill is the necessary consequence of the measure : but if the intention of that bill was to give a currency to Bank-notes so long , only , as they bore a value equal or nearly equal to specie ; and , by giving to every individual a power to demand payment from his debtor in metallic value , to take a security against the depreciation of the Bank-note beyond a certain point ; then is this bill by no means a necessary consequence of the Restriction Act . On the third point I shall have occasion to dwell at greater length hereafter : I shall only here observe that the argument supposes an actual depreciation of the Bank-note ; and as it is admitted by all sides to be an act of fraud , to pay a debt contracted in good and lawful money with a depreciated paper currency , so it becomes the duty of every man to resist it by all the legal means in his power . But there is another consideration , which leads me to approach the decision of this question with considerable apprehension : —I mean our financial situation . Gentlemen who have turned their attention to this subject are well aware that our unfunded debt in navy and exchequer bills amounts to no less a sum than forty-five millions , the largest part of which is returnable into the exchequer , in payment of the existing taxes , four months after it has been issued . If , in consequence of the proceedings now adopted by lord King , there shall be any considerable demand on the private bankers , they must endeavour to realize their funds , which are chiefly placed in these securities ; and if from this or from any other cause there shall ensue a considerable fall in the value of public securities , no part of the current revenue will be received at the exchequer , but the whole will be paid in the exchequer bills now outstanding . What may be the consequence of a failure in the ordinary receipt of revenue it is not easy to foresee , and therefore , if the Chancellor of the Exchequer had proposed this measure as of a temporary nature , avowing the disorder prevailing in our currency , professing an 1040 intention to take the subject under consideration in a future session of parliament , and precluding the further progress of depreciation by limiting the issues of the Bank to the amount at which they at present stand , I should not have refused my concurrence , in order to prevent the possibility of alarm . But his sentiments are of a very opposite nature : he maintains that the present system stands in no need of amendment ; on the contrary , that it is connected with the national greatness :