, where the party is often the poorest of the poor , and where there is an absolute necessity that it should be advertised at a greater length than is common , I do think , therefore , unless there be a very great object with the revenue , in cases like this the House ought not to bear heavily upon the Press ; sure I am—that every thing which tends to diminish the freedom of the Press does it most serious injury , because I do believe that a free discussion of topics is a public concern , and in its maintainance the public has a very serious interest . The right hon . gent . says , that the newspapers can pay the tax , because it falls upon particular individuals who can pay . I say that fewer persons will advertise if it be so heavy as to make it an object . We know the fact to be so , and if you lay on a duty so great that persons can communicate more cheaply and conveniently by written notices , will it not most materially affect the editors of newspapers , and induce them even to discontinue their concern . With respect to hand-bills , the duty was intended to protect the printers of newspapers . I believe it will be manifest when the matter comes to be looked into , how much the duty has produced ; it will be manifest , that it has not answered any object , but to throw out of employment those concerned in this branch of trade ; and I would beg leave to say , that the House is peculiarly bound to guard the press of Ireland against any act of the united parliament ; and why ? Because at the act of union the most material sacrifices were made by the printing body—the whole book trade of Ireland sacrificed to the measure . Sir , I can not help thinking that it would be a great advantage if the press of Ireland were to be supported in the same way as in this country , and the greater the encouragement that is held out for its multiplication , the greater will be the ultimate benefit to be derived from it.—When the right hon . gent . on the other side talks of placing the English and Irish duties on the same footing , he should remember that the duties in this country have grown with the growth of the press , and they can not be parted with now ; and in Ireland in proportion to the productiveness of the revenue , will be the strength which the nation will obtain . I have nothing more to say on the subject at present , but to remark once for all , that the duty as levied now on the number , of 188 lines in each advertisement , has tended more to the restriction of the liberty of the press than to its encouragement ; and I am persuaded that if the duties are placed as they are in England , it will afford encouragement to the press , which shall enable the press of Ireland to rival the growth of the revenue of the press of England . Regarding the liberty of the press as the greatest safeguard and strength of the nation , and as I have before taken occasion to state , as that which has given to us all that is valuable , which has secured to the constitution that firmness , and to the throne that brilliancy and splendour which I hope never to see shaken or tarnished : I have no hesitation in thinking , from the advantages we have seen resulting from the press throughout the world , that in Ireland also it would be useful , and would secure it from the attacks of corruption and tyranny . What was the situation of France with regard to the liberty of the press at the time of the revolution ? At that period , no newspapers had circulation 20 miles out of Paris ; and , if there had