there , he would ask , be a more monstrous injustice than this ? Many persons flattered themselves that few would follow the example which a noble lord had that night declared his intention to set . He thought most highly of the good sense and patriotism of the people of England ; yet , when men thus saw an opportunity of getting an addition of 20 percent , on their rents , was it to be supposed , that only a few would avail themselves of it ? He conjured their lordships to adopt the measure , and that without delay . regarded the present subject to be paramount to all others in point of importance ; and the magnitude of the question was such as would render it criminal in ministers to dismiss parliament at present , without coming to some determination upon it . The noble lord who spoke last had asserted broadly , that the paper was not depreciated , because the issues of the Bank '' were not greater than the compound mass of gold and paper in circulation in 1798 . But were the notes of the Bank of England 819 alone to be considered ? Why , the private Banks had doubled since 1798 , and now there existed the extraordinary number of 720 private Banks , all issuing as much paper as they could possibly circulate . Whenever the notes of any country were withdrawn from circulation in any number , then the effect was , that the value of those which were left increased . This was the case in the North American colonies , and it was the same in the reign of king William , as he should afterwards shew . He was anxious to know whether ministers really approved of this Bill . Could they figure to themselves any advantage from it ? Who was it that they wished to relieve ? Was it the tenants ? Why , the noble lord was perfectly willing to receive Bank-notes at their present value compared with the coin of the country . So far , then , they would circulate as before . But were this law to pass , he had not a doubt that it would not only diminish the number of Bank notes , but also depreciate them . He really thought that the only object of his noble friend , in proposing this measure , was to feel the pulse of the House and of the country , on the subject . The noble lord had asked , whether this was not a new state of things ? No : at the latter end of the last century , circumstances almost exactly similar occurred . In the year 1695 , men were going about purchasing notes for the purpose of paying their debts ; and after they had collected a great number at a depreciated value , they brought them forward , and paid them to their creditors , who were obliged to receive them at their full amount , or to go without any pan of their demand . In proof of this the noble earl read an extract from Mr. Drake 's account , in 1699 , of the attempts made at the above period to diminish the value of bank notes . He contended that two species of circulating medium could never exist at the same time in equal credit ; for if one rose in value , the other must be depreciated ; and if gold rose , paper , which was to represent it , if it once lust the confidence of those who were to receive it , must sink in the same proportion as the other rose in value . This was the case in France when the louis in gold was worth . 1200 assignats in paper . Nothing could be more wretched and miserable than the situation of the people under these circumstances ; notwithstanding which , no sooner was the whole of the paper swept away from the face of the country , which it was in the space of one 820 day , than from