stated in those Resolutions , which , short and simple as they appear , comprise no less than a review of the financial and commercial history of the country so far as relates to the subjects of money and exchanges , for upwards of a century , and that these Amendments point out no positive error . I might admit the whole of them without giving up one fact in the Resolutions . The force of the reasoning deduced from these facts , might be varied in respect of extent and degree , and some of them might receive a different explanation from that which I have given , but not one of them is contradicted . I need not repeat , that I should willingly adopt any modifications by which the Resolutions might be made to give a more correct view of the case , and , under the circumstances I have mentioned I should think , that even after acceding to all these Amendments , I should leave sufficient ground for the proceeding I am about to propose to the House ; but I am compelled to observe , that the Amendments appear to me so inaccurately drawn 13 as in every material point to be completely erroneous . The first Amendment refers to the fourth of my proposed Resolutions , and is as follows : `` That , prior to the restriction of cash payments , the exchanges were never more unfavourable to Great Britain , for any length of time , than from five to seven per cent , below par , the depression appearing to have never exceeded the whole expence of transmitting specie abroad ; except during a debasement of the coins of the realm. `` That , prior to the said restriction , the market price of standard gold in bars never rose above the Mint price more than 1½ per cent , and that only for a very short interval ; except in 1720 , the year of the famous South Sea scheme , when it rose to 4l . 1s . 6d . per ounce ; and during the periods when the coins of the realm have been debased , `` That , in periods subsequent to the said restriction , and particularly of late years , the exchanges have been unfavourable to Great Britain much below the limit marked by the whole cost of transmitting specie abroad , and have continued so for a considerable time together , being at present , and having been for a considerable time , more than twenty five per cent , below par ; and , in the same manner , the market price of standard gold in bars has been , and still is , more than twenty five per cent , above the Mint price . '' In this statement , the periods in which the coin has been debased , are expressly excepted ; and this debasement is , in the next Amendment , stated to have existed during the wars of William 3d , until the recoinage , and also during the seven years war , and until the year 1774 . On the two periods thus excepted I shall have something to say , in speaking of the next Amendment , because I suspect that , with regard to both of them , the learned gentleman , as well in his Amendments as his Report , has mistaken the effect for the cause ; and that it was not the debasement of our money which occasioned the unfavourable exchange , but an unfavourable exchange which produced the debasement of our money . But I shall now limit my attention to the two periods selected in the first Amendment , namely , from the recoinage in 1697 , to the commencement of the seven years war in 1750 ; and from 1774 , to the Bank restriction . 14 The difference between the learned chairman and me , with respect to this . Amendment , is this , that he denies that at any time during the periods he has selected , the depression of the exchange exceeded the whole