proper . He acquitted Mr. Pitt of ever entertaining any such opinion , whatever hostility he might have shewn to his measures . But the pre-sent Chancellor of the Exchequer saw the matter in a different light . He saw no other remedy , but this measure—and so said the hon . Bank Director . But it seem-ed there was to be a bargain between the high contracting parties . You who are in the government , are pot to be so profuse 898 in your expenditure , and we the Bank Directors will furnish you with our paper ; but this will require an act of parliament . However , this would be merely a nominal contract , for the Chancellor of the Exchequer would never be tied down to a certain sum in his expenditure , but would always find some means or other of going beyond his limitation . The hon . gent . told ministers that there would be no injury , because there would be no in-crease of the national debt . The system of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was to eat up the War taxes , so that there was a necessity of recurving to a further loan . But now we must either raise fire mil-lions , or make the Bank Note a legal tender . All the rest seemed now to be entirely thrown aside—to be set at rest . We must not broach any more any of the doctrines of depreciation of currency , and of the difference between the market and mint price of gold . We must not say any thing of the impolicy of the Orders in Council . All these questions were now entirely set at rest . The only thing now necessary to the salvation of the country , was to make Bank Notes a legal tender . For his part , he thought such a measure would be the destruction of the country ; for no country could subsist with a compulsory paper currency . The gentlemen opposite now stated , with a candour for which he gave them credit , that the legal tender was the only safe measure to be adopted . A great deal had been said about Bank deposits , by a person who entertained a very curious idea of Bank deposits , and who said that a Bank deposit was nothing more than a paper deposit . He could not understand how more respect would be paid to a Bank note , be-cause the legislature should say it was worth twenty shillings . Ought we not first to satisfy ourselves that it was really worth that sum . They had determined already what its value was in the public estimation ; but would it not be proper , before passing the bill , to go into a Committee to inquire into this circumstance . They had not before pronounced their own opinion on the subject , but only the opinion of the public . In what , he would ask , did that worth consist ? It could only comprehend its convertibility into cash . He could understand what was meant if the value was deposited ; because that might be said to be done from a wish to prevent exportation ; but on the present system what security had they that the 899 Bank-note was worth twenty pence . He would tell the Bank , that from the moment this Bill passed , he had a right to inquire into their constructions ; that they were no longer a private company ; that they had changed their character ; that they were amenable to parliament for every farthing they had in the world ; and that the House would not discharge its duty if it did not inquire into their affairs . It would be said , perhaps , that he was encouraging doubts as to the credit of the Bank ; but he was forced by themselves to act as he did . They had laid out a great deal of money on the very worst species of security—government security . In the ac-count which the Bank