wretched state of exclusion and humiliation ; and praying the House to comply with the prayers of so many millions of their fellow subjects , and not to suffer their claims any longer to remain disregarded ; the extent of their supplication is , that the House will secure and consolidate the real strength of the nation , and excite a spirit of enthusiastic loyalty in so large a portion of his Majesty 's subjects at a time when every arm and every sinew is valuable in the defence of this insulated empire ; the Petitioners ask for no favour which it is not in the power of parliament to bestow , or which they are not entitled to enjoy ; restore then , they most humbly pray the House , the Catholics of Ireland to a full participation of all the blessings of that constitution , to the support and defence of which they have so essentially contributed . '' said he should abstain from entering into the subject , till Friday , the 31st instant , when he intended to move that the Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House.—Ordered to lie on the table . said the case of this Petitioner was one of such , extreme hardship that it called loudly for redress . He had carried on business as a distiller at Ballinacloon , in the county of Westmeath in Ireland , where his whole property was destroyed by a party of militia acting under the orders of the government of Ireland , on the most unfounded suspicions . There were circumstances in this case which separated it from other applications for compensation from government , to which the consent of his Majesty 's ministers was necessary . The petitoner stated that he was promised full compensation by lord Camden , formerly Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , which compensation was afterwards , for some reason or other , thought proper to be refused . He said he should proceed to read the Petition , after which it would be seen whether it ought to lie on the table . said he bad heard the right hon . gent , with some surprise . If there were any thing in the Petition which it might be necessary to obtain the consent of the King to , he , thought it unreasonable to ask the House to depart from its established practice , without first making an effort to obtain that consent . He would not say he had never heard of the case in question , but he had no recollection of the claims of the Petitioner having ever been brought before the administration of which he was a member , and therefore saw no reason for departing from the regular forms of the House . said , after what had been stated by the right hon . gent , he , instead of moving that the petition be brought up , would put it into the hands of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to-morrow . rose to open the Budget for the present year . He began by observing that having that morning concluded a contract , subject to the approbation of parliament , for the Loan for the service of the present year , on terms which he trusted , under all the circumstances of the case , the Committee would consider to be highly advantageous to the public , he should proceed to submit to them the details of that contract . But , before he did this , he conceived that it would be necessary for him to state , with as much clearness as he possibly could , the various sums which the House had already voted for the supply of the present year , and the Ways and Means to which in his judgment , they ought to resort for the purpose of meeting those sums . The supplies which had been voted were as follow : — SUPPLIES , 1811 . Navy ( exclusive of Ordnance Sea Service ) £ 20,276 144 Army ( including Barracks and Commissariat ) £14 , 209,422 Ditto Ireland 3,233,421 Extraordinaries