Having been there lately be could vouch for this fact , which was consistent with the rest of our conduct . His lordship asserted that our affairs in Portugal were not in a more favourable state , and the minds of the people were equally averse to the cause which we support , he meant that of their corrupt government . In Portugal it could not be pretended that we had any scruple , as to interfering in the internal affairs of the country , we had actually several voices in the regency , and yet we used our influence to no good purpose . He stated that he had made a calculation when at Lisbon , and found that each individual in our army , which was occupied in upholding this state of things , actually cost this nation the sum of ten shillings and three pence per day including the attendant naval establishment . This was one of the real causes of the depreciation of our paper and the disappearance of money . It was his Majesty 's ministers , and not such men as De Yonge , who sent the coin out of the kingdom in the vain hope of contending in pitched battles , with the resources to be drawn from 49 millions of people . He was convinced that with half of our naval means , and one tenth part of our army judiciously directed , we might reduce the efforts of Buonaparté to measures of precaution and defence , and compel him to occupy the force , with which he was now subjugating Portugal and Spain , in protecting his own shores , which we might threaten from the Baltic to the Adriatic sea , and thus oblige him to provide a force every where equal to that which we could direct to a single point , and which if he should neglect , his commerce and maritime towns would be at our mercy . Another advantage is obvious , the whole of this force must be paid by France , and not , as now is the case , maintained at the expence of our allies . No individual existing could claim merit for this obviously judicious mode of conducting war by a maritime state . He would advise his Majesty 's ministers to read the first oration of Demosthenes , which if they ever had done with the attention of statesmen , they could not unintentionally have brought our affairs , to their present condition . Our naval superiority was at present totally thrown away , we had no force employed to occupy the enemy by desultory movements ; one army remains fixed in the centre of Portugal , the 1093 other ingloriously waits on the shores of Messina , until the French shall find it convenient to attack them , having completed the subjugation of the Continent . Might we not take a lesson by the effect which a threat of invasion produces on our military measures ? Do we not all remember the mighty preparations made and the expense incurred in guarding against invasion , though only a limited portion of our shores could possibly have been assailed by the enemy 's contemptible flotilla ? Troops and artillery were brought from all parts to that spot . What then would have been our situation , if the whole extent of our shores had been menaced in like manner ? If Buonaparté had a naval superiority and only 5,000 troops at his disposal , on what part of our shores could we sleep in safety ? Ten thousand men , kept in constant readiness , under an able general , would excite more uneasiness in France , although they never put a foot on the shores of the enemy , than all the military means of England , disposed of as it is at present by his Majesty 's ministers . He repeated that 10,000 troops , aye half that number embarked in a squadron under a naval officer of judgment , unfettered by orders , guided only by circumstances , by the state of the wind , or by any