. When he considered the consequences that might follow from the example pointed out by the noble mover , he thought it would be unwise to reject the Bill , as such rejection would lead to consequences highly injurious to tenants , but still more injurious to the public creditor . briefly explained , and referred to the evidence of Mr. Merle and another , to shew that gold might be had as heretofore . rose to reply . Before he should say any thing upon the subject of the Bill , he must observe , that a noble earl had stated '' that he had views of his own ill bringing forward this measure , '' and he wished for an explanation . disclaimed distinctly having ever intended to say , or having ever conceived , that his noble friend could have had any views of interest in the measure . expressed his satisfaction at the explanation given by his noble friend , and added , that he had not conceived it possible for his noble friend to suppose that he could have had any views of interest in bringing such a measure . But when such words struck the ear , they ought to be explained ; and he should be extremely sorry that any person who had heard the words should think them applicable to him . He had always been a speculative man , and very little given to views of self-interest . He had always thought , that the man who was in possession of a large property not gained by his own talents and industry , but derived from the mere accident of birth , was in fact but a trustee for the public ; and owed it to that public , to return some part of that estate for its benefit . To shew that he could not only preach , but practise , he would say that he had never received a shilling `` from the public , and that thou , sands and thousands he had expended for 831 the advantage of the public . He should never have said this , but that the words so satisfactorily explained had been used , and this led him to the answer to the question of his noble relative ( lord Grenville ) `` what he meant to with the small transactions ? In reply to this question , he had to state a fact which , he was persuaded , would give their lordships satisfaction . He had , after many years of application , at much expence , and with the assistance of the ablest artists , discovered an effectual mode of preventing the forgery of bank notes . It was a thing hitherto thought impossible , but he had discovered the means of striking off a million of plates , all of them proofs ; and when he had it complete , he should give the invention gratis to the Bank for the public good . When he came down to the House , he imagined that ministers would have thrown out his Bill ; but the arguments of his noble friends against it had made converts of them , a task which he could not accomplish ; so he had to return them thanks , right and left . moved the cider of the day , for going in to a Committee on this Bill . said , as it was probable he might not be able to attend the future stages of the Bill , he wished to say a few words now upon this very important subject . The object of the Bill which his noble friend had proposed , though not absolutely to make the notes of the Bank of England a legal tender , yet went near to that point , inasmuch as it made it compulsory to receive them , and he trusted their lordships would pause before they sanctioned a principle , by acting upon which so much mischief had been produced in other countries , when they had no security against the recurrence of similar mischiefs in this country , flowing from