morality of the Catholic religion , and clearly established the fact of Catholic allegiance . In addition to this , we have our own experience of the fact , as proved and established in the long intercourse that has subsisted between Protestant and Catholic , and the long obedience and submission shewn by the Catholic to your government . But let us look at the charge in another point of view , and examine upon what ground it rests . The charge , if well founded against the Catholic for disaffection , goes directly to the condemnation of this country , and of the government of this country in Ireland . Ireland has been governed by this country during six hundred years ; so that the charge of disaffection goes not to disqualify the people , but to convict the government . If the people are not moral , if they are not perfect in allegiance , the fault is not with them , but in the government under which they have been so long placed . A good government makes a good people . Moralise your laws , and you can not fail to moralise your people . Depend upon it that the original source of a people 's vices is the vice of its government , and that in every instance since the creation of the world , the people have been what their rulers made them . With respect to the charge of disaffection against the people of Ireland , I must deny it in toto ; and , in confirmation of this denial , appeal to all those who have ever resided in Ireland . I refer also to the period of 1782 ; to the friendly intercourse which has since subsisted , and still continues , between the two countries ; and to their connection maintained in a spirit of mutual good offices and reciprocal love . In truth , this charge against the allegiance of Iceland is a charge against Christianity itself , and goes to prove that the Christian religion is a calamity ; that , in order to establish the British government in Ireland , we must put down the Christian religion . And here I must beg leave to refer to some recorded facts to shew that the penalties of the law are not justified by disaffection ; and that , in order to secure the allegiance and tranquillity of that country , we have only to repeal these penal laws . In the year 1792 about one hundred Protestant dissenters in the north of Ireland rebelled , and that was immediately designated a Catholic revolt . There was 372 one body of the people protected , and another body disqualified , by the laws ; and the appearance of discontent was naturally enough referred to the body which was known to have most reason to be dissatisfied . This was your candour—such was your justice , such your truth . If the government keep any class of its subjects in a state of imperfect privilege , it must occasionally find that class in a state of imperfect allegiance . In order then to take away all subject of grievance , we should take away the penal laws , which form the dictum of discontent ; and which , if repealed , will insure the allegiance of the subject , and establish the tranquillity of the people . Another case to which I beg to refer , is that of the civil war or rebellion , or whatever other name you please to give it , in the time of William the third . On that occasion the Catholics opposed William in defence of their liberties civil and religious—liberties , for violating which , the English people had most properly expelled James 2d from the throne . But if James had offered to the English what he offered to the Irish people , would you have called in William and expelled him ? If he had proved the conqueror and proposed to you the same conditions , which William imposed upon the Irish nation , would you have accepted them at