earl with countenancing these oppressive measures , yet he would say , that the greatest outrages which were committed in 1798 , were not committed by the rebels , but by those who acted under the government . To his knowledge several innocent individuals had been ruined by the measures adopted towards them , and then let loose on the country without retribution or compensation . said , that such was the lenity of lord Hardwicke , that when Secretary , he had been desired by him to examiner in to the cases of the several prisoners , and to report them to him , with the anxious desire to find out any thing in their favour . He then mentioned the treatment of Mr. Mason , which , he was satisfied , would be found to have been perfectly proper . denied that any charge was meant to be brought against lord Hardwicke . All that was alledged , was that lord Hardwicke had been deceived . But the chief point to which he was anxious to advert , was , the view which had been taken of the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act . Most erroneous notions were entertained even by lawyers on this subject . Many gentlemen appeared to think , that by the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act , government might upon the slightest suspicion , seize any one , and confine him without a trial as long as it pleased . The suspension gave no such power . He maintained that it never had been so acted upon since the Revolution till Mr. Pitt 's administration . 757 The extent of the power was this , that government having committed a person upon such information , as would at any time have justified that commitment , might by virtue of the suspension , put off the trial ; and this in critical times might be necessary , as a premature disclosure of the evidence might in certain circumstances be extremely prejudicial . But , under Mr. Pitt 's administration they did not wait for this information , nor was it specified in their warrants that any such information had been obtained . They thought , that from the most trifling suspicion in their own breast they might imprison and keep the object of their suspicion as long as they pleased . They were in reality guilty of a serious crime , and the gaolers , too , were criminal who consented to receive prisoners under such warrants . And , what was the remedy for these proceedings ? An act of indemnity ! He knew it must come to that , for they themselves found that their conduct was illegal . If ministers were permitted to act thus , and to be indemnified for such conduct , there was no security for the liberty of the subject . Sham plots , or real plots , or plots of any description , would afford the minister a pretence for confining persons obnoxious to him . The indemnity to which he alluded passed under the administration of lord Sidmouth , and it was the only act of that administration which he had decidedly reprobated . As to Mr. Mason 's having recourse to a jury , that was utterly impracticable . Mr. Mason had applied in all quarters for trial and redress , to every new lord lieutenant , to every new chief secretary , and being himself a lawyer , it would have been strange if he had overlooked a trial by jury , if that had been open to him . Mr. Mason , he had no doubt , would have been happy to have appealed to a jury of his countrymen ; but , as he stated in his Petition , he could not get redress by the ordinary forms of law ; and he was persuaded , that , on inquiry , it would be found that he could not have recourse to a jury . As to the conduct of Dr. Trevor , he contended , that after the documents which had been produced by him on a former occasion