but from the situation they hold in society . Many of them I know , most of them I have some knowledge of—and all of them , I can assure you , my Lords , are worthy of a participation in those blessed rights and privileges which you possess . They are born Britons , my Lords : they have lived Britons : they think , and act , and feel like Britons ; and for God 's sake treat them as 323 Britons . By listening to this their Petition , my Lords , you secure to yourselves the boundless advantages of so large a portion of your population ; and although they have hitherto been injured , sadly injured ; in being debarred from their natural rights , yet so genial is generosity to their nature , that you will now—even now—by attending to their Petition , gain their endless gratitude . I therefore , my Lords , in the name of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , present to you this Petition , and propose that it be taken into the consideration of this House on Friday the 7th of June . proposed a new clause , which was agreed to , for the purposes of rendering the benefices of clergymen liable to sequestration under the Act the same as in other cases . His lordship then moved that the Bill be engrossed . wished the Bill to be recommitted , in order to give an opportunity of rectifying the numerous errors which he contended were still in the Bill . would not object to the engrossment , but he should feel himself compelled to say not-content to the third reading . If , however , in consequence of the failure of this measure , a common Insolvent Bill was brought in , he would not object to it . greatly regretted the opposition which his Bill had met with , and observed that a perfect measure could not be expected ; all they could do was to take experience as far as possible for their guide , and make further enactments as they were found expedient . An idea had gone abroad that this was his final Bill upon this subject , but the fact was , that he had another Bill in contemplation for the purpose of compelling the debtor to surrender his property to his creditors ; and also a Bill which he was disappointed in its not being proposed in the other House this session , for the purpose of the more effectual recovery , at a small expence , of debts under 20l . had objections to some , of the provisions of this Bill , but was fully , aware that it was impossible to frame 324 a perfect measure upon this subject , and was therefore prepared to support the present Bill in furtherance of the principle which he so anxiously wished to established . said , he rose to object to this Bill , in its present state , to that part of it at least that related the increase of salary to the President of the Board of Controul . By the act of 1793 , that act under which the East India Company now hold their charter , 16,000l . per annum was set apart out of the East India Company 's funds as a provision for the Board of Controul ; of this sum , 5,000l . was to be distributed at the pleasure of the crown between the President of the Board and two commissioners , and the remaining 11,000l . was to be applied in payment of Secretaries and clerks . The present Bill , said the hon . gent . is amongst other things to increase this sum of 10,000l . to 22,000l . for the purpose , as is said , of increasing the salary as well of the President as of the inferior clerks . The distribution of the 5,000l . under the act of 1793 , has hitherto always been 2,000l . per annum to the President , and 1,500l . per annum to each of the Commissioners . The