debt was lately under discussion in this House , and it was alledged then , that the power of arrest was no less useful to the debtor than the creditor , because it facilitated transactions between man and man , for where the remedy was expeditious and easy , the creditor would be less scrupulous about the security . Apply this reasoning to the case of distress for rent , and I ask whether this remedy is calculated solely for the benefit of the landlord ? —whether , in principle , it is not advantageous to the tenant also , as landlords are by these means induced to give leases upon conditions more favourable than they otherwise could or would do ? Thus I put the case to him ; but to your lordships I put it on much broader grounds . If the remedy by distress is advantageous only to a few at the expence of many , repeal it wholly . I am sure your lordships have sufficient patriotism to put an end to this remedy , if contrary to the general interests of the country . If it is retained , it can only be on the ground that it is beneficial on both sides ; and why , then , should this gross and injurious distinction be introduced ? If this Bill passes , it will go out to the country that the meaning of the legislature is , that Bank-notes shall be alegal tender . I think , however , this Bill does not make it legal tender , and always thought so , till the speech which I heard form the noble and learned lord this night raised some doubts in my mind . I hope he will state distinctly what it is intended to do . I hope he will not be contented with talking about delays in law—fighting in the courts—and keeping at arms length ; but tell us accurately in what situation he means to leave the Jaw as between landlord and tenant . If a landlord thinks that the Bank paper is depreciated , no matter however erroneously , but if he thinks so , has he or has he not a right to say to the tenant , I will not take paper ; I will be paid in gold , in the lawful money of this country for which I stipulated. ? It is of great importance to your lordships that this should be clearly understood . It is important , because the principle applies equally to all transactions . If there is a doubt whether real 860 money can be demanded , the matter ought to be determined one way or other ; but I own I have this night , for the first time in my life , heard it doubted whether banknotes were or were not a legal tender . When an involuntary exclamation escaped me , my Lords , at one part of the noble and learned lord 's speech , it was not because I attributed to him any disrespect to the Courts ; but I was astonished how a person in his situation could have described the law , as he did . If the judges could 'have been persuaded ' to have declared that to be law which was not , the consequence would have been that bank-notes would be a legal tender . The government attempted to secure their object , by having recourse to obsolete statutes—statutes upon which a proceeding had been declined forty years ago , because they were obsolete—and they did this because they were afraid to come openly with the proposition to your lordships . If there was any hesitation on the subject , it was more from the manner in which it was taken up , and the quarter from which the prosecution came , than from any real difficulty in the question . But though the judges were persuaded ' to adopt this decision , the persuasion was so powerful , that unless I am misinformed they were unanimous . I have therefore the sanction of the unanimous opinion of the judges , that