subject recommended an additional remuneration to the person at the head of the Board of Control ; it was with this view , and not to serve any personal purpose , that his right hon . friend had proposed the Bill . The consideration of the Company 's Charter would bring the subject under the notice of parliament again , and he was persuaded it would be then found that the great increase of business justified and required the addition . thought that the situation of Ireland was such , that instead of an additional duty on tobacco , a modification of the property tax would be more desirable . The finances of that kingdom were so low , that it was impossible she could support herself , and was becoming a burthen on this country , in consequence of the Union . was concerned to hear the hon . gentleman charge the sister kingdom with being a burthen on England , and hoped , that whatever might be done to relieve her from her present situation , at least the property tax would not be resorted to ; that was a tax which the people could ill bear ; it was a tax they much dreaded . He lamented that other gentle-men had not considered the situation of Ireland as well as the hon . gentleman . , with considerable warmth and agitation of mind , noticed the observations of the hon . gentleman , and denied that Ireland was a burthen on England . If she was indebted to England for a temporary loan , she would , in honour , discharge it . Did she , he would ask the hon . gentleman , call for the Union ? Was it not forced upon her ? He had voted against the measure ; but the kingdoms being now united , it was better to conciliate all differences . The hon . gentleman ought , in justice , to recant the expressions . was not astonished that the hon . members had heard with surprise and indignation the situation of Ireland . It was true that she could not support herself ; for was not she , at this moment , receiving pecuniary assistance , by way of loan , from this country ? He did not mean to say that it was improper to extend that assistance . If the situation of Ireland had been examined into , this angry debate might have been avoided . He could not consent to recant what he had said . It was the effect of an anxious desire for the happiness of Ireland , and , therefore , he could brook the language of the honourable gentleman , who desired him not to interfere with that kingdom.— ( Mr. M'Naughten here observed that he had not used that expression . ) —He would appeal to them around him whether the honourable gentleman had not so said ; but , however , he still thought the Property Tax would he the best mode of providing for the revenue , instead of the Tobacco Duty , as that would exonerate the poorer classes . denied that he was angry with the hon . gentleman who had given an Irish recommendation with respect to the taxes , by stating that a modification of the Property Tax would be desirable for Ireland . There was no tax on Property in Ireland . Ireland , instead of being averse to , would be very much obliged by the hon . gentleman 's interference in her affairs , because whatever affected her must equally affect England . wished for more time , and condemned the duty as unproductive . , in pursuance of notice , entered into a statement of the nature of the Duty upon Advertisements in Ireland , and a comparison thereof with that of England . He complained 312 of its being unjust and contrary to the articles of the Union with that country , which ordained that Ireland should not be taxed in any one instance more than England . It was injurious to the liberty of the Press , because only