find a precedent of a man , whose services had been highly beneficial to the public and to the revenue , with six decisions of the House in his favour , obtaining a vote and nothing else ? And all this ( said Mr. T. ) on the ground , that the Lords have an equal power with us in the granting and distributing the public money . If they have such a right , they must be the most ill-used men in the world : for how does this House use them ? At the end of every session , the House of Commons , after voting the whole supplies for the year without ever consulting the Lords , send up an act containing all the sums voted , and all the taxes , in which there is a clause of appropriation ; and it is therefore called the Appropriation Act . This Act the Lords are obliged to assent to , even to the amount sometimes of forty millions ; and if their lordships were to make an alteration of even a penny in it , the Bill would be thrown out on its return to the Commons , and away at once go all the supplies for the year.—The Lords had never expressed any disapprobation of the salary of 3,000l . which Mr. Pitt had granted to Mr. Palmer , nor had even the House of Commons been applied to . That was done by an Order of Council ; and if Mr. Palmer had now a friendly administration to deal with , so might this have been settled . He could see no reason why the objection had been mentioned , unless the right hon . gentleman meant to invite the Lords to share with the House the power of originating money bills.—If you must , however , go to the Lords ( said Mr. Tierney ) , how do you know the Lords , had they been consulted , would have agreed to the payment of Mr. Pitt 's debts ? That right hon . gentleman was undoubtedly very popular at one period , but never so much so as his father lord Chatham , was in his day ; and yet the Lord Chancellor , the Archbishop of York , and two other noble peers , entered a protest against paying the debts of lord Chatham , though the House in general seem to have passed it over , as not wishing to interfere in a money concern.—If the House of Commons chose to content themselves with the Answer to this Address , then would the Journals of this year and the last contain the most melancholy proofs of the downfall of the House of Com- 358 mons . If they yielded to such reasons for not enforcing their Vote , they were going out of their way to bring on the interference of the Lords , and to invite them , as it were , to trample on the Commons . In short , the whole question was , whether the House , having voted what they had done , would sit down content with such an Answer . He was sure the Prince Regent had been entrapped into it . It was a melancholy thing , at the commencement of a reign , to see a line of proceeding pursued to bring on a difference between the Crown and the House of Commons ; but such a matter , if effected , would be worthy the ingenuity of the right hon . gentleman . was satisfied the House would do him the justice to recollect , that he was not disposed , as the right hon . gent . asserted , to shelter himself under numbers , for he had risen immediately before the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , who had , however , the good fortune to catch the Speaker 's eye . The question was to be decided by argument , and not by numbers . He could not avoid adverting to the difference of tone entertained by gentlemen opposite on a former night ; they