be entertained by any rational man who was not sanguine from interest . Supposing , however , his Majesty should recover on the 24th of July , and have a relapse on the 24th of August , there was no provision in the act of parliament relative to that recovery and relapse ; and although in the hands of the present ministers there was no danger , in the hands of future ministers much mischief might happen . One of the objects to be inquired into in the 556 Committee would be the grounds on which the physicians ' opinions were founded ; for the country was informed by the council , on the authority of the physicians , that his Majesty had made a material progress in his recovery ; till at last , from progress to progress , he was at last cast a great way back . If they were not a nation of fools , tile physicians ought to be obliged to state the grounds for their opinion . supported the motion . rose to call the attention of the House to the . Petition of the Royal Canal Company in Ireland . [ See p . 278 . ] He said he thought it necessary to make the House acquainted with their affairs , and accordingly entered into a history of their proceedings since its establishment in 1789 . From the advantages likely to be derived from the plan , he had on a former application been in favour of assisting them in the prosecution of their design with a grant of 70,000l . This sum , however , was not advanced , in consequence of the representations made by the `` Grand Canal Company . '' It was not till their last application that the Irish government had an opportunity of knowing the state of their affairs . On that occasion , the answer given by the lord lieutenant was , that no relief could be afforded , till the circumstances of the concern , from beginning to end , were laid before the Directors-general , that they might form an opinion on the subject . On this , the whole underwent an investigation by that Board , in consequence of which , the Petition came to the House , which he now wished to have referred to a Select Committee . It appeared that the Company had been allowed by their charter to create a stock , to the amount of 300,000l . to raise loans to the amount of what they expended of their capital , but not to raise by loan a sum exceeding such expenditure , and they were prohibited making a dividend but on their clear profits . The sum expended of their capital did not at most exceed 172,000l . but they had borrowed 842,000l . Their income was , 15,000l . annually , and their yearly expences were 11,000l . Thus it would be 557 seen the annual surplus of their revenue was 4,000l . and as the interest of their debt made an annual charge of 49,000l . the returns of the undertaking were 45,000l . worse than nothing . The debentures , of the loan borrowed of the benchers , which were 100l . were now selling in the market at 92l . each , and if the undertaking were carried to the extent proposed , those most sanguine did not think that in Is years , and after expending 300,000l . the returns would exceed 30,000l . annually , in addition to the present revenue . His principal reason for wishing the subject referred to a Committee was , that the failure of the undertaking would greatly distress many of the share holders , who were for the greater part widows , or persons in low circumstances . He concluded by moving , `` That the Petition of the Royal Canal Company of Ireland , together with the Report of the Director-general on the subject to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , be referred to the consideration of a Committee to be appointed to examine the same , and report their observations thereon to