he must have gold ; —but , says Mr. Whitbread , I ca n't get gold for you—take Bank notes now , and I must see and procure gold for you next time . Then Mr. Whitbread goes to his friend the publican who buys his beer , and tells him , he must have gold ; —I ca n't get gold , says the publican , you must take Bank-notes now , and I must see what I can do . What , if Mr. Whitbread still insists upon gold , why , the publican will take down `` Whitbread 's intire , '' and put up `` Meux 's intire , '' or `` Calvert 's intire , '' or any other intire . How now , says Mr. Whitbread , we have always agreed very well together , why should you leave off taking my beer ? Why , then if the publican is to find gold , what is he to do ? He says to his customers whom he serves with pots and pints of beer , and chalks it up , `` you must pay me in gold . '' What would be the consequence of all this ? Beer , and meat , and bread , and every necessary of life would rise to an enormous price . To those who supported this gold system , and who thought it popular , be would say , Call your county meetings , call one in Kent , and I will be there ; and if you are not satisfied with the number of hands held up against you , call for a division ; let those who are against you , go to the right side of the street , and those 982 who support you go to the left , and then you will see the paucity of their numbers ; or call a meeting in Westminster , and put the question in Palace-yard , whether they would have bread and meat and beer dear or cheap , and see what the decision would be . There were some who , like parrots and magpies , could say nothing but `` Gold , gold , gold . '' To believe gold necessary to a circulating medium was an idea only fit for Hottentots . To think a circulating medium of gold necessary was only shewing that we were just at the commencement of civilization , or rather on the verge of barbarism . A noble friend of his on a former night had found it difficult to conceive the abstract idea of a , pound sterling . He however ( lord Stanhope ) could see no difficulty in fixing a standard which should not be liable , like gold , to variation and fluctuation . If he wanted to measure that House , he would of course take for the purpose some certain and definite measure , and not a thermometer , which would expand in his hand . So with respect to the pound sterling , fixing its value at the tune of passing the act , it might remain a permanent standard , fixed and invariable , and which would be a certain and definite measure of value . It had been said , that plenty of gold was to be had , but how were we to get it if the balance of payments was against us ; and how were we to keep it when we had got it ? Would it not , under such circumstances , go out of the country as fast as it came into it ? Conceiving it then to be impossible to procure gold ; and that if it could be procured it was not a fit substance for a circulating medium , from its fluctuation in value , he thought it time to look to some other resource as a circulating medium ; and if the system of Bank entries , which he proposed , was adopted , the difficulties we had encountered would be a fortunate circumstance , in leading us at last to a sound and permanent system . To