of honour . What was then to become of that noble emulation which fired him , while there was a rival he might never hope to outstrip ? What would be said to any fair claim to promotion that might be brought forward on behalf of colonel Keating , the gallant officer , who the other day was the chief instrument by which we obtained an addition to our territories of very considerable value ? Why , the law would tell him , that if he continued to labour in his country 's service , he must do so from a pure disinterested spirit of patriotism , for that the excitements by which that of others were aided , were not for him to contemplate . And yet it would be deemed matter of surprise if the name of that gallant officer was found to a petition , praying relief from those disabilities by which he must be so sorely galled . Was it not cruel ? was it not impolitic to arouse and set in motion the passions of men , for no other purpose but to oppose obstacles to their gratification ? The hon . gentleman near him had observed , that the Irish peasant could not be affected by the rejection of the petition . In stating this , the hon . gentleman had betrayed his ignorance of the Irish character—the Irish peasant possessed a noble spirit ; his mind could easily rise from the abject poverty in which he was doomed to linger out his existence , to the contemplation of aught by which his country was exalted , and he could forget for a season his private ills in the gratified feelings of the patriot . Moreover , was it not one of the blessings of the constitution , under the protection of which we had the happiness to live , that it enabled the lowest individual in the community to rise to the highest honours and emoluments of the state ? 417 But even were the door barred against himself , was it to be supposed that the Irish peasant felt no sympathy with his countrymen in the higher classes of life ? If the whole body or the English aristocracy laboured under a privation of their rights , such as was now complained of , was it to be supposed that the English commonalty would feel no disgrace thereby reflected on themselves ? Or was it to be supposed that the persons more immediately within the reach of the grievance , would abstain from the exercise of every legitimate measure in order to remove it ? The Irish people were quick in feeling ; they never for a moment were insensible to the insult that was annually offered to them , and there could be no doubt that they never would sit down contented with the degraded state that was deemed suitable for them . The hon . and learned doctor had read some extracts from a pamphlet by a Catholic writer , in which his conduct had been condemned ; but that hon . and learned doctor knew little of him if he supposed the principle upon which he advocated the cause of his Catholic countrymen could be shaken by the animadversions of one Catholic , or of the whole body . Were the whole body to unite in upbraiding him , his only answer would be , renewed exertions in the support of their cause , which he was conscious was as much the cause of the Protestants of the country at large as it was theirs . The right hon . doctor was deceiving himself in supposing that he could stop the native current of human affairs , in the course of which , whether the petition were refused this year or the next , it must be ultimately acquiesced in . With respect to what had been said as to the danger resulting to the Established Church , he was of opinion that the onus probandi lay with those who raised the outcry ; but he had not observed that any steps had been as yet taken to describe