within a short period . The House then went into a Committee when the original clauses in the Bill were agreed to , with some technical amendments . said he was satisfied that in framing the act of the year 1797 , an omission had occurred , purely from inadvertency , in the clause protecting persons from arrest where a tender of the debt was made in notes of the Bank of England . He had no doubt it was fully meant that this should extend to distresses for rent also . As the law now stood , though no arrest could take place where a tender of the debt was made in bank-notes , still the party might refuse to accept of it , and might proceed in his action . This he meant now to extend to cases of distress for rent ; and to provide that , though in such circumstances , the summary process must stop where a tender in bank-notes was made , still the landlord might go on with his legal remedy , if he chose it , till he should see how far that would avail him.—The clause being put , was agreed to . thought that some limit should be put to the issues of paper by the Bank . He therefore proposed a clause , limiting the future issues of the Bank to the sum to which they should be found to amount on the 1st of July 1811. saw no evidence of any excessive issue , and thought that to specify a limit might produce inconvenience . The issues of the Bank had been encreased last year , in consequence of the failures of a number of country Banks ; when the evils thereby felt , however , were done away , the issues of the Bank were reduced , and in February of the present . ; year were under their necessary amount . To make the extent of the present issue , therefore , a criterion from which to judge of what might be the proper amount , would be by no means expedient . For the purpose of guarding the public , however , as much as possible , he should propose a clause , limiting the endurance of the pre , sent Bill to the 25th March , 1812 so that , if it was renewed , it might at an , early period become the subject of parliamentary inquiry . submitted that some limit I should be put , even though it should extend to one , two , or three millions beyond the present amount . conceived that the clause should at least be introduced into the Bill , to allow the House to judge of it as well as of the other provisions of the Bill , when it should be printed in its amended state . said , he should move that the Bill be recommitted , that it be printed as amended , and that a day be then appointed for taking it into consideration . still submitted that this clause was as well entitled to full consideration as any other clause that might be introduced into the Bill could be The question on this clause Was then put and negatived . moved a clause , limiting the endurance of the Bill to the 25th of March 1812 , which was agreed to and the report ordered to be received tomorrow . presented the report of this Bill , and their lordships proceeded to take the amendments into consideration . said he had a few additional amendments to propose , but these were chiefly of a verbal nature . His lordship then proposed the same to different parts of the Bill . said he should not object to the amendments now proposed by the noble secretary , some of which he perceived to be necessary . But he wished to stand absolved , in the eyes of the House , or of the public , from being the cause of any ill or mischievous consequences that might arise from the great alterations which had been made in the Bill since he