felt that a painful duty was now cast upon him ; but such as it was , he was bound conscientiously to discharge it . The nation had lately been told of victories gained , and glorious achievements performed , by our armies in the Peninsula . He joined as warmly as any other man in the universal feeling of gratitude to those generals whose valour and ability had gained those victories , which had not been 492 surpassed by any in our history . He must , however , say , that he thought those victories very dearly bought , if lord Wellington thereby conquered the House of Commons , and obtained a triumph over the constitution . He remembered that at the time when the Habeas Corpus Act was suspended in this country , and lord Howe had gained a victory over the enemy , Mr. Fox said , in the House of Commons , that he hoped the consequence of the noble lord 's victory would be to secure our internal peace , and reconquer for us the constitution of the country . If the restoration of the duke of York was to be the consequence of lord Wellington 's victories , he thought that the country would buy those victories dear . He was at a loss to conceive what could have changed any gentleman 's opinion upon this subject . He had looked with great attention into the resolutions which the House had adopted , and that which was proposed for its adoption , as well as into the minutes of the evidence , and he could see no reason to alter the opinion he had then formed . As to the resolution '' that the existence of such corrupt practices had been fully proved , '' —that he had voted for , and still believed . That `` those corrupt practices could not have been carried on for such a length of time , and to such an extent , without the knowledge of the duke of York , '' was another resolution for which he had voted , and which he still believed . It appeared to him , that the fair , manly way of proceeding would be , for those who thought parliament had then come to a wrong opinion , to bring the matter again before them for their reconsideration , before they recommended the re-instatement of the Duke . For example , those who thought the House had been misled , and that the evidence was improper , might have first pointed out to the House wherein they had been misled , and called upon them to express a different opinion . If they had prevailed upon the House to do so , then it would be less objectionable to recommend the re-appointment . As to the fitness of a person of the royal blood to fill such an important office , that was rather an abstract question which he did not wish now to discuss . He must , however , say , that great inconvenience had resulted in the present case from the circumstance of the very illustrious rank of the royal duke . He , however , had never supposed , that the matters with which the duke was charged 493 would justify his exclusion from the throne . On the contrary he had stated in express terms , that he did not consider that the harshest of the resolutions which were submitted to the House could have produced that consequence.—Some sneers had been thrown out on the manner in which the charges were brought forward ; and it was insinuated , that the evidence had received much discredit from circumstances which had since transpired , and that a great slur had been thrown on the character of those who were principally instrumental in bringing forward those charges . He would ask , when , where , and how , had this taken place ? All the evidence which was hinted at was completely before the public , and it did not appear to him to justify the imputations which had been cast . He was