if in another part of the Continent you have been enabled to oppose that nation with more success , to whom was that success principally to be ascribed It was to the Scotch Presbyterian , a steady and gallant soldier ; it was to the Irish Catholic , whom you have incapacitated from honours and rank , and who , while he was exposing to every 386 breeze his garments bathed in the blood of France , was also carrying about him the marks of your disqualification . One regiment , which had lately distinguished itself in a remarkable manner , was raised in Dublin almost entirely of Catholics . Had the gallant officer who raised these men , raised soldiers on the principle on which we admit members of Parliament—had he insisted on their renouncing the Eucharist , and declaring their abhorrence of the Mass , France would have had one eagle the more , and you would have had one regiment the less ; but that gallant man , far above the folly of theology , did not stop for the sanction of either priest or parson , but told the soldier to draw his sword for his country . The question is , therefore , whether Irish Catholics are not as capable of allegiance as the Protestants are , of which one should think there could hardly remain a doubt . And if I can collect at present a general sense in favour of the claims of the Roman Catholics , I shall be of opinion that the country may look to the issue of the present contest without dismay , and that she has such a security within herself , that she may behold the utmost efforts of the enemy with tranquillity . I move you therefore , Sir , That this petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House . rose , he said , thus early , under very disadvantageous circumstances , both as following the eloquent and impressive speech of the right hon . mover of the question , and as preceding a right hon . civilian ( Dr. Duigenan ) whem he saw prepared , with ponderous documents , to speak to the question , and whom he should have been better pleased to have followed , in the view of resisting his arguments . He felt it , nevertheless , his duty to offer himself thus early in the debate , as he was expressly charged with the interests of a most respectable body of English Catholics , who , it would be recollected , had petitioned the House in the course of the last session of parliament , but had not renewed their petition in the present session.—That petition had been signed by eight of the ancient peers of the realm , by thirteen baronets , and by upwards of eight thousand gentlemen and others , of most ancient and respectable families and of approved loyalty , including five Roman Catholic prelates , and nearly 300 of their clergy.—In the apprehension that some allusion might be made to that pe- 387 tition , he was anxious to state that the body of English Catholics felt a most sincere interest , as well they might , in the success of the present application to parliament in behalf of their fellow subjects of the sister island . Their petition had been ordered to be on the table in the last session , but the lamented death of the much revered member who had presented it , had at once deprived the petitioners of a most powerful advocate , and himself of an invaluable friend . [ Sir J. C. H. then feelingly adverted to the exalted character of Mr. Windham , with a reference to the fine eulogy of lord Falkland , as drawn by lord Clarendon , * and on which the noble historian seemed to have almost exhausted the beauty and opulence of the English language , concluding with the impassioned exclamation of Cornelia , on the death of Pompey : `` Turpe mori , post te , solo non posse dolore ! '' ] then stated that