bank-notes are not a legal tender ; that they are not government money ; and that their tokens likewise are debased coin , not circulated under the authority of the government , and need not be taken in payment ' of any debt . I think the Bank of infinite 'advantage to the country , as a main pillar of our commerce and credit ; but its utility depends upon its being kept distinct from the government.—His lordship then referred to the writers and the debates on the subject , to prove that this was the view taken of it by men of the greatest abilities , and in the best times of the country . England had been distinguished in this respect from other nations ; from France , Austria , & c. whose Banks , frond their connection with their governments , had fallen , while that of England , from its being always distinct from the government , had flourished . At last , however , this country had the misfortune to see an endeavour to identify the Bank with the government . The inevitable consequence would be the loss of confidence and credit . This state of things was not owing to the Bank , but to the devouring waste of ministers , 861 who found the system necessary to support their profusion , and therefore made the Bank an engine to support the system . The noble lord proceeded to argue that nobody corporate could support the value of tokens estimated by a limited or debased standard . Manufacturers might , for the carrying on their own individual trade , issue money of a smaller value , which should be again received in payment , but no private company could maintain a general debased currency . It was now however , sought to give to this system introduced by ministers , not only the authority of government , but the sanction of parliament also . His lordship saw , by an advertisement which had appeared in the papers of that day , that the Bank of England was now in the course of issuing debased tokens by authority of parliament . He was grieved to think that such a mea-sure had been resorted to . He defied any noble lord to shew him the smallest shadow on which parliament could hold such an assumption of power . He denied that parliament had any such right ; and he regretted to see that it had assumed it ; because , in so doing , he conceived that it was no longer governed by the old established rules by which it had hitherto been regulated , but that its proceedings had degenerated into a solemn mockery . He desired noble lords to try this question by the test of their own judgment . It was an established law of this country , that nothing could take place of the known standard and given quality of the coin of this country ; and now they were to be told , that parliament had sanctioned that that should be taken as the current coin of the country , which was one-fifth less than this standard value . If this were a new question , the solution of it might seem to be difficult , and the mode of adjustment might be doubtful . It was , how-ever , a question of no doubt , and , indeed , was a settled point , that the issuing of debased coin , at its nominal value , was nothing short of a gross fraud and robbery on those to whom it was issued . Then , were their lordships prepared to say that they ought to embrace such a system ? Were they prepared , with all those evils , and with all the certain workings to be produced from the measure itself , completely kept in view , to say that this must be wrong , but , as it existed , it must go on until its evils multiplied on the country ? He believed , as his noble friend had said , 862 that this was not a