yet they had no information as to the state of the Chancery business at that period . He meant not to speak either in praise or depreciation of the conduct of any noble lord while in that situation . He only wished they should be informed as to the matter of fact . referring to the increase of balances in the hands of the Accomptant General , observed , that it was no proof of the increase of the general business of the court of Chancery . entertained a contrary opinion . That increase , combined with many other notorious circumstances , demonstrated an increase of business in Chancery . It was increased also in consequence of the additional business thrown upon the court by the various acts of Parliament . The Resolution was then agreed to ; as were also the remaining Resolutions . presented a Petition from the distressed manufacturers of Manchester . He stated that the petition was subscribed by more than forty thousand signatures , the majority of whom were reduced to a state of extreme distress . As he conceived this to be a subject of great public importance , he was willing to give the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the House clue notice , to consider of the best and speediest mode of administering relief to so large and valuable a portion of the community . He should upon a future day call the attention of the House to this subject . He then moved that the Petition be brought up . said , that particular circumstances had made him acquainted with the condition of those upon whose behalf the Petition was presented , and never , he believed , was there an instance in which the labourers of this country suffered such distress . He was far from attributing this serious evil to the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers ; it was owing , he apprehended , altogether to the successful efforts of our great enemy . He hoped , 340 that as Parliament had already come forward to support the inhabitants of Portugal , under the calamities brought upon them by the troops of Buonaparté , they would be no less anxious to protect their own manufacturers from the consequences of his policy . The body soliciting assistance was a most useful one , and had contributed as much as any other to promote the commerce and welfare of the country . It would , he was persuaded , go a great way to alleviate their distresses if the House of Commons were to shew a fellow-feeling upon the occasion , and , therefore , he hoped that government would deem it expedient to administer some relief . said he had another Petition of a similar nature , signed by six or seven thousand of the weavers , spinners and labourers of cotton in the town and vicinity of Bolton , in Lancashire , which he should present when this was disposed of . The petitioners were a most industrious class of men , and the distresses to which they were exposed were great and serious . said , he did not doubt that such Petitions would always be received by the House , and disposed of , according to its best judgment . In the present instance , he was anxious that the Petition and all its details should be fully before them , in order that they might come to the consideration of the question with all the information necessary . He thought the motion , of which the hon . gent . who presented the Petition had given notice , a proper one ; it was right that he should hereafter fix a day for moving that it should be referred to a Committee , upon which occasion , the House would have to consider all the points embraced in such a motion ; it would have to consider the evil , the prayer , and the remedy ; it would have to consider whether it would be practicable to afford sufficient relief , and as a necessary branch of that consideration ,