feel themselves at liberty to indulge in the most extravagant perversions or omissions . 'Would it be believed , that the treasurer of the navy had twice entered into a discussion , of the amount of our currency , and had each time omitted an item of thirty millions in his calculations ? Would it be believed that he had totally left out of consideration the circulation of the private Banknotes previous to the restriction , and in the present times ? He has stated that the amount of our circulation in former times was thirty millions of specie and eleven millions of Bank-notes , and asked how it was possible to conceive a redundancy in our present circulation , when it consisted of twenty-three millions of Bank-notes , and when our gold was reduced to a sum not exceeding five millions ; making in the whole twenty-eight millions , instead of forty-one of which it formerly consisted ? I believe this estimate of our specie to be considerably exaggerated ; but , proceeding upon the right hon . gentleman 's own data , his calculation is manifestly defective . Private Bank notes formed a material part of our circulation before the restriction , and now exceed our Bank currency and specie united . Conformably to the right hon . gentleman 's own view , our currency was observed that it was not surprising the unfavourable stale of our foreign exchanges should make an impression so injurious to our currency ; and that as to what his hon . friend had said of the trade of the country with the continent having flourished so much during the last two years , it should be recollected that the mere export or goods could not operate on the exchanges until they were turned into money , and the payments came round . He denied that the increased price of wheat was any proof of the depreciation of paper . That increase had been originally occasioned by a season of scarcity , and it was well known how difficult it was , when a commodity had risen in price from any cause , however temporary , to bring it down again . He considered the measure taken by lord King as an unfortunate one , and as tending to the reestablishment of the old principle of barter , which would be a most inefficient mode of carrying on the present extensive commercial dealings of the country . He admitted that our situation was one of difficulty ; we were exposed to a severe trial , but it was not of our own seeking , and we were bound to endure it manfully . The national debt was unquestionably great , but the operation upon it of that powerful engine , the Sinking Fund , was very considerable , and in the event of the restoration of peace , we should soon be lightened from the burdens which now pressed so heavily on the country . said , he was seldom anxious to join in the debates of that House on important subjects , being content to leave the discussion to members of superior talents and ability to himself . The Bill then under consideration was , however , of such peculiar importance , and , he thought , pregnant with such fatal consequences , that he could not refrain from availing himself of some opportunity to express his sentiments upon it , and enter his protest against its passing into a law . He had given the fullest consideration to the subject in his power ; he had listened with attention to every thing that had been sad upon it in all its previous stages ; and 1080 he had a clear conviction on his mind , that it was a measure directly at variance with those fundamental principles on , which the House had hitherto acted , and which principles , whilst they formed the character of the British legislature , at the same time constituted the foundation of our national prosperity and happiness.—Mr . Western said , he most earnestly wished the House would pause , and consider what were those