question as a breach of privilege , but he confessed he felt some surprise to hear the gentlemen on the opposite side cheering the expression of sentiments , which tended to lower the dignity of the House . He must consider the Answer sent to the Address of the House as derogatory to its honour ; and never , he hoped , would that House suffer itself to be dictated to what extent it should raise any sums of money . The right hon . gent . had said , that he was not to be blamed , but he maintained that he was , for he took the part of the other House against the House of Commons . He would ask , whether there were no instances where the House of Lords disagreed with the vote of the House of Commons ; and yet that the House of Commons had persevered and finally prevailed ? The right hon . gent . said , that the House of Lords had a legislative voice , and he agreed that they had , when the matter came before them in a legislative shape , but in no other . What were the words of the answer ? `` When the House has made legislative provision for the same ; '' that was , when the House had consulted the House of Lords . The House of Lords had but a simple affirmative or negative in such matters , and it was absurd to argue for their possessing a coequal power in matters of money . He should be as sorry as any man to see any dissension between the Crown and the Commons ; but there was nothing more calculated to create it than such an answer as had been sent to the Address ! and he would assert , that if the House of Commons possessed less power than was now 362 constitutionally vested in it , public liberty would not be long preserved . The right hon . gent . had said , that he wished to avoid any quarrel between the two Houses ; but he presumed the possibility of such a quarrel , and then attempted to justify himself on this assumption . If the House of Lords had thought their rights invaded , they were then sitting to vindicate them ; but the right hon . gent . stepped in to their assistance , and anticipated the necessity of his interference . It was evident , however , why he pursued this line of conduct , because it pleased himself , and therefore he declared himself the unsolicited , unsoughtfor , advocate and ally of the House of Lords , and that merely because he thought them adverse to the claims of Mr. Palmer . The short question was this : the right hon . gent . admitted the power of the House , but denied that they had discreetly exercised it on this occasion . The House of Lords had once differed on this question , and they might differ again , and therefore he advised the House to bring in an act of parliament to sanction their vote . He believed there was no instance to be found where the Crown had refused its assent in such a case as this when there was no objection to the grant , neither in point of time , nor in any thing else ; but the right hon . gent . assumed to himself the interference of another branch , and assigned that as a reason why the crown should refuse its assent to the Address of the House of Commons.—He contended then that the answer was offensive to the House , and ought to be resented . The right hon . gent . might be applauded for condemning the use of the power of the House , but he would contend that it was highly useful and necessary , for he was not so much in love either with the power of the Crown or the House of Lords , as to prefer it to that of the House of Commons , and he confessed