escape , and this encouraged others to hope they should meet with equal good fortune : and they had to consider whether it was not better to assimilate the law to the practice , than to suffer the present inefficacious , nay injurious system , to continue . The noble lord concluded by moving the 299 second reading of the Bill for repealing the capital punishment on the conviction of stealing to the amount of 40s . in any dwelling house . thought the whole of this argument might be confined to this alternative ; either there must be a high punishment for the aggravated commission of a general crime bearing the intermediate degrees between that and the lowest penalty , to be supplied by the discretion of the judge ; or there must be a graduated seals of punishment , proportioned to all the shades and difference of crime . The latter mode was a the story borrowed from the Chinese code , which , in a late pamphlet , was represented to embrace the shades of difference of crime , from murder , down to those of the lowest denomination , where even the blows of the baton were not only numbered , but the size and thickness of the instrument ascertained . Such a system he contended was ridiculous , and as absurd in theory , as it would be found nugatory in practice . Judge Blackstone 's authority had been referred to , but what he stat-ed on the criminal law was written at a period of his life when he was inexperienced , and though his authority was great and deservedly respected , yet it was not equal to other eminent legal authorities , The Bill which altered the law as it regarded privately stealing from the person , had , he knew beyond all doubt , increased that offence to a serious and alarming degree . He instanced some cases of gross atrocity which had come to his knowledge , at the last sessions at the Old Bailey . Two of the Bills on their lordships ' table , respecting stealing from bleaching-grounds in England and Ireland , he should not oppose , on account of the petitions from those who were to receive the protection of the law . The other three , respecting stealing from shops , dwelling-houses , and canals , he should oppose ; for they went to alter those laws , which a century had proved to be necessary , and which were now to be overturned by speculation and modern philosophy . He thought prosecutions were in general most sturdily pursued ; and instead of prosecutions being encouraged , there was reason at all times to restrain them ; for the parties appeared not to be wanting in an appetite for conviction . Juries , in general , acted according to their anxiety ; and this might be called a rice inherent in the constitution of man . The discretion in Judges 300 was a power they exercised with pain ; but he did not perceive how that mode of administering the law could be dispensed with . His endeavour was to discharge his duty , however he might be misrepresented ; but he would never sacrifice his conscience to the cowardly Fear of misrepresentation . When he was appointed to the situation he filled , he made a covenant with himself , that he would always appear in that House , and state to their lordships all the knowledge with which he might be supplied from experience , as to the making , altering , or repealing of the laws of the land . In that capacity he offered himself at present , and he trusted that they would not readily change what the experience of a century had proved to be beneficial , for the illusory opinions of speculatists . The noble and learned lord moved , as an amendment , That the Bill be read this day six months . contended , that the noble and learned lord had no just ground on the present occasion to arraign the framers or supporters of the Bills