exigencies of the government , and in profuse and wasteful expenditure . To supply those exigencies , and to support that expenditure , you permit the Bank to make unlimited issues and spread through the country a depreciated currency . It is for this purpose that his Majesty 's subjects are compelled in amount to pay their income tax , once to the revenue , and twice to those who profit by the restriction . This state of things is now openly 826 avowed and defended , as necessary to the support of government . Necessary it may be , while the annual expenditure is 90 million sterling , but that is an expenditure which it is absurd in the highest degree to imagine you can maintain . However grateful to your wishes or flattering to your pride , you must at length renounce this vain idea . With all my respect for the logical acuteness of the noble lord near me , I do not think he has acted up to his own sense of the utility of definition in his explanation of paper at par , and paper under a depreciation . Neither do I agree with him , that bankers are exclusively the true judges of its real value . I consider a paper currency to be depreciated when in the transaction between man and man , less gold is given for the paper than that paper promises to pay , and that in proportion to the difference between the sum promised as to the sum thus paid , is the extent of that depreciation . The noble and learned lord has put an extreme case , equally applicable to all periods , and has said , that if gold was required to the fulfilment of all contracts , it could not possibly be procured . There never , however , was a time , and I am ready to establish the fact , when there was more or even so much gold in the country as at the present period . No difficulty is experienced in obtaining any quantity , as stated in , the evidence before a Committee of the House of Commons , if the price is only offered . We were formerly accustomed to draw our supplies from foreign countries , not always well disposed to us , and sometimes in open hostility . The demand for gold , as will ever be the case , was still , notwithstanding the hazard and difficulty , more or less supplied . You have now free access to the countries which produce gold , you are the masters of the seas , you pursue the trade without the slightest interruption from any state , and the consequence is , that you both import and export in larger quantities than at any antecedent period . It is to a destructive policy alone that the evil must be attributed . It has advanced slowly , progressively increasing , like the Mississippi and South Sea schemes , and , like them , if not checked , it must end in the most extensive ruin and calamity . My lords , it has often fallen to my lot to point out the inevitable results of the issue of the asssignats in France . How little did I then imagine , that , in the description I then gave , I was but anticipating what , in the course of twenty years , would 827 be the faithful picture of my own country ! How little did I then apprehend that the established credit of Great Britain , that her flourishing finances and proud resources , would perish by the same hideous monster , appearing in all his pristine deformity ! The noble lord then commented on the pernicious tendency of the Bill , which , though declared by the noble earl who brought it forward , not to be intended to make Bank-notes a legal tender , yet went so near it as to create great risk of committing gross and flagrant injustice . The noble lord next proceeded to animadvert with great strength of argument and observation upon