out that every thing was to be done in the name of the lord lieutenant , then he should say that the arrangement was in every respect one that ought never to have been made ; because , as far as he was acquainted with the deficiency of the Irish revenue , and could form an opinion as to the remedy of the great abuses in respect to it , he was sure , that so far from taking away the whole control of the treasury the measure which of all others was most wanting was the rendering of that control mote effectual , and more predominant . For this reason , he would rather have wished the office of Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer , if to be joined with any other , to be consolidated with that of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of England , because such an arrangement would take the control of the finances of Ireland wholly out of the hands of the lord lieutenant , and contribute very essentially to deprive him of that influence , to the improper exercise of which was to be attributed almost all the abuses which so generally existed in Ireland in respect to the collection of the revenue . , in reply , said , he , did not well know how to answer the question of the hon . member . He did not see why the duties of the respective offices might not be discharged in the same manner as they had hitherto been , though held by one person . Whatever business belonged to the office of Chief Secretary would be done just as if the Chief Secretary was not Chancellor of the Exchequer , and whatever belonged to the office of Chancellor of the Exchequer would be done as if the Chancellor of the Exchequer was not Chief secretary The arrangement was merely an experiment , which need not be persevered in if it was not found to succeed . For his own part , he could not understand what was meant by a control of a board of treasury over the executive government . was glad to find the measure was merely an experiment , because he was sure , after what had fallen from the right hon . gent . that it was an impolitic one , inasmuch as the constitutional control of a board of treasury over the finances of Ireland was to be set aside . Such a control over the lord lieutenant was absolutely necessary ; because it was the influence and patronage which the lord lieutenant derived from the revenue department that 762 was the cause of all the abuses which prevailed in the collection of the Irish revenue . pursuant to notice , rose to introduce a Bill upon the subject which he had mentioned , and on which their lordships were summoned that day . The subject to which his Bill referred was of the most material importance to all classes and descriptions of people in the country He was aware of the objection which would lie as to the late period of the session ; but that was not an insuperable one . He had lost no time in coming forward . He saw a letter yesterday the contents of which surprised him not a little . In consequence of this , he repaired to some of the most eminent bankers , and also to some lawyers—two classes of men whom he thought the most likely to advise him well upon the subject . He had the satisfaction to find , that those among the bankers whom he had consulted , were of opinion , that something was necessary to be done in consequence ; and farther , that what he proposed were the most proper measures to be adopted . He then came down to this House , in order to consult with some members upon the subject . He did not wish to mention any names in what he was about to refer to , as he did not wish to make a charge against any person . He had received information ,