Their practical power after this was gone . Who would dare to propose a vote by Address hereafter , if that vote was not agreeable to the minister of the day ? He had done his duty in bringing forward the present motion , and whether he should be joined with a small or large minority , or even if he should be alone , he should still feel himself called upon to divide the House . said , that he would willingly leave the whole matter to the decision of a court of law , provided the case should not be allowed to be injured by the recent death of a most material witness , whose former examination might , however , be received as evidence . He mentioned an offer of compromise which had been made to him last session , by a person who stated that he was authorised to do so . At that time he declined it ; but after the session , being ordered on foreign service , and contemplating the probability that he might not return , he wrote to the right hon . gent . opposite on the subject , who disavowed any knowledge of the offer which had before been made to him . He apologised to his friends for the trouble which he had given them . Many of them had advised him not to press his father 's claims at present , but to wait for a more favourable opportunity . He had been induced to reject that advice from a consideration of the weak and infirm state of the individual in whom he was so nearly interested , and who , if he did not speedily enjoy the benefit of a determination in his favour , would in all probability never enjoy it at all . would be very happy if the affair could be decided in a court of justice , but expressed his conviction that it could not be so modelled as to be brought fairly to issue . With respect to the offer which the hon . gent . said had been made to him , he declared himself wholly ignorant of any authority having been given to any one of the subject . rose to move a clause to give to the Catholic Militiaman legal security for the exercise of his religion in this country . He was ready to allow that the amendments which had been made to the Bill in the Committee had removed some of the objections which he originally entertained . By them the Catholic Militia officer would be protected against the penalties and disabilities of the Test Act , and the Acts of George 3 . Still , however , the Bill was not what it ought to be , so far as the Catholic private soldier was concerned . Though the right hon . gent . said he was willing to put him in this country on the same footing in respect to the exercise of his religion , as he was now in Ireland , and that a general order would be issued immediately by the commander in chief for that purpose , he ( Mr. Parnell ) would maintain that such a security was not a sufficient one—because even in Ireland the Catholic soldier did not stand in the condition in which he ought to be in this respect ; for though the Irish Act of 1793 enabled the Catholic to serve in the army , the constructive privilege conferred by that act as to religious worship , was taken away by the mutiny act . By this Act , which is annually passed by parliament , every commanding officer in Ireland is enabled to order the Catholic soldier to attend the Protestant service , and in case of disobedience of his orders , he is enabled to inflict the punishment of fining and imprisoning , in a summary way ; or to bring the soldier who disobeys him before a court martial for the general crime of disobedience of orders . This was a power which does at this moment exist in Ireland . To