more offensive than its inequality ; now , however , it was certainly less objectionable . In its original Slate it was almost exactly the tax , which the revolutionary tribunal proposed to impose in London , provided they conquered it , as had been shewn in one of the daily prints at that time . But even to the tax as it existed at present , he thought the hon . baronet 's objections well founded . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the notion of a tax upon capital would lead to a levelling principle , if pushed to an extreme ; but suppose the principle of the tax on income , which it was at present , were pushed to an extreme ; a person having 60l . a-year was liable to pay a 10th part of it . Now , there were persons with families who could not , by any economy , live on less than 60l . a year , and consequently , without some adventitious aid , if 749 the tax was paid some of the family must starve . This , however , he acknowledged to be a subject of great difficulty , and nothing but an approximation to equality could be expected . But the principle ought to be to leave with persons of small income the means of decent living in the first place , and then to tax incomes beyond this in nearly an equal degree . The war might vet last a long time , and though he himself might , upon the plan which he suggested , be liable to pay more than he now paid , yet if the poorer classes were in some measure relieved , by removing the burthen to the higher classes , he believed the country would be better satisfied . He therefore wished that a pledge should be given this session that the House would reconsider the principle of this tax , allowing , at the same time , that it was impossible to relieve the lower classes in any way that would not produce a defalcation in the amount of this particular tax . shortly replied . He never had an idea of taking the whole tax off the lower classes , and placing it on the higher ; but he thought a medium of approximation might be hit upon ; and it was on the principle of contributing according to ability , that he wished to advocate the measure , if ever there was a period in which there was necessity for ministers to consider how far the people could contribute from inability , the present was unquestionably that period . Every thing that could be done by courage and noble exertion he was confident would be effected , but the struggle he was convinced would be long , and it would be highly necessary to husband our means of carrying on the war . It was impossible we could hold out otherwise against the superior population of Prance , because for every 5,000 men we lost , they could afford to lose 20,000 . This motion had engaged his serious attention for a great length of time , and he thought it so important , that even if he should now fail in it , he would certainly bring it forward in the course of the next session . said , the case of Mr. St. John Mason , which he was now bringing before the House , was one of the most 750 unexampled grievance which had ever occurred in the annals of oppression in this country . From his former experience it was his wish that the Irish government should agree to take Mr. Mason 's case into their own hands ; but from the absence of the right hon . gentleman , lately principal secretary , and now , he understood . Chancellor of the Exchequer , for Ireland , he was obliged to relinquish any hopes he might have formed on that subject . It was some time since Mr. Mason had suffered the oppression and injustice of which he complained