, formed the very reason why gold could not be had . If they could find their way through the barrier set up by Buonaparté , gold might be obtained . But if the balance of trade was against us , the gold must necessarily quit the country . Even if the balance of trade was in our favour , if large sums were to be sent out of the country in subsidies , or if large armies were to be supported in foreign countries , the gold must necessarily be gent out of the country for that purpose , and it would consequently become scarce . There was , however , no proof that in this scarcity of gold the Bank of England had made an excessive issue of notes . Take the gold coin in circulation to have been 25,000,000l . It would be difficult now to find 5 or 6,000,000l . in circulation . Take it at 5,000,000l . that 10,000,000l . Was hid , and that 10,000,000l . had been sent out of the country , what had the Bank done in issuing notes to the a mount of 10,000,000l . more than before , than merely supply the deficiency of the circulating medium occasioned by so much gold being sent out of the country ? The evil did not arise from the notes of the Bank of England , but from country bank-notes . There were many country bankers , undoubtedly , who were men of large property , and of the security of whose notes there could be no doubt ; but there were others who issued notes to a large amount , although they were not worth 500l . in the world , This was undoubtedly a serious evil . As to the conduct of his noble friend ( lord King ) he did not mean in the slightest degree to find fault with his motives , tie could only 836 say generally , that to landlords of large property a few pounds ought not to be an object , and that the country ought to be the first object . No consideration upon earth should induce him to oppress his tenants.—The noble earl again adverted to his scheme for making a legal tender of sums entered in bank books , and which he still contended would be the best plan that could be resorted to in order to have a sufficient legal tender in the absence of gold . The present Bill was , he contended in the mean time shewn by every day 's experience to be more and more necessary . His lordship read a letter from Manchester , where an attorney 's clerk had written a letter , demanding payment of 1l . 2s . 6d . ; the person written to tendered a 1l . note , and 2s . 6d . in silver , but refused to pay 3s . 6d . which was demanded for the letter . The clerk then refused to take the Bank note , and the person went back for a guinea ; in the mean time the clerk took out a process in the Salcoat 's court , a court for the recovery of small debts , and then demanded 1l . 9s . 6d . To prevent such petty ad vantages as this ; the Bill was rendered necessary . The latter went on to state , that guineas were bought at Manchester , at the rate of 20 percent , advance , by persons front '' Ireland , for the purpose of paying their landlords , who insisted upon gold . He understood that it was the intention of a noble earl ( Rosse ) to move to extend this Bill to Ireland , to which he had no objection . As to the amendments intended to be proposed by the noble lords on the other side , they might render the Bill more technical , but they would not be so well understood by the common people as the Bill would be as it originally stood . He should , however , take no part in them .