all payments made to its creditors , of the difference between the value of money at the time when it pays , and the value of money at the time the loan was contracted ; and ultimately nations have generally availed themselves of such a contingency to expunge their public debt . The wealth , the industry , the commerce , the agriculture of the nation , are neither advanced nor impeded . To suppose that the state acquires a power of maintaining foreign wars , and adds greatly to its pecuniary resources , by means of the depreciation of currency , is an absurdity reserved for present times : —foreign wars can be supported only by the surplus of our agriculture and commerce , beyond what is necessary for our own consumption ; and the means of the state are always proportioned to the extent of that surplus , whether represented by a greater or smaller quantity of nominal value . When , therefore the first symptoms of depreciation become apparent , the public creditor , and every class of persons enjoying fixed incomes , are peculiarly entitled to the care and protection of the legislature , because their condition depends wholly on the faith and honour of the state . By various natural , causes , their in comes are liable to gradual deterioration ; but , if to this be added a deterioration arising from the depreciation of the currency itself , the state is then guilty of the utmost degree of injustice and oppression . When the stoppage of the Bank took place , in 1797 , our necessities compelled , us to be guilty of this injustice , by paying the public creditor in paper , instead of ; metallic currency , leaving other classes of creditors to exact a metallic payment from their debtors , whenever they thought , fit . But this , so far from being an undue preference of the private creditor , seemed ; to the public creditor an important security against an indefinite extension of injustice . It kept alive a memory of the true measure of value , and of his contract with the state . It was calculated to retain more metallic currency in circulation , than would otherwise have remained . It seem '' ; ed a guarantee for moderation in the issue of notes , since , none were bound to accept them but while they were judged of 1053 equal value with cash , and the guarantee Would have been effectual , if we had been individually vigilant , when the early symptoms of depreciation became apparent , if from unsuspecting confidence depreciation should ensue , and men should insist on metallic payments , as lord King is now doing , confidence in the justice of the British parliament forbade the apprehension , that when every individual was enabled to obtain payment of his debt in the good and lawful money in which it was contracted , the state would persevere to pay its creditors in depreciated paper . Now the argument of the noble lord ( lord Castlereagh ) is a little curious . His sensibility is extremely acute on this subject . `` Would you '' says he , '' commit the monstrous injustice of paying the public creditor in paper , while the private creditor is paid in metallic money ? '' an argument in itself a confession that paper is less valuable than coin . The just remedy would be to pay the public creditor according to the terms of his contract . '' But , '' says the noble lord , `` Take from the private creditor the right of demanding payment according to the terms of his contract , and deal out the same measure of injustice to both parties , by compelling them to accept payment in depreciated paper . '' On behalf of the public creditors , I do most earnestly protest against the remedy proposed by the noble lord . If the necessities of the state do net enable it to fulfil its engagements with us , our lot will not be alleviated by an