> that the House might see how the matter stood in the mind of the person most deeply interested . Here the right horn member proceeded to read some extract in which the thanks of the gallant officer were warmly expressed ; for the prompt investigation of the case , and a tribute of applause pronounced upon the general conduct of the treasurer of the navy , and the judge of the admiralty court.—This was the testimony of the person most concerned in the case , against that of the noble lord who had taken it up without inquiry . As to the case of the Lapwing , the captain of which was said to have given 500l . as a bribe to the King 's proctor 's office ; he would explain its nature . In going through the accounts of the prize , it did not appear to him that that sum had been accounted for , and therefore he wrote to the agents , who returned an answer in explanation stating that it was a case in which a particular responsibility was attached to captain Skene , and inclosing a letter from , him , which de clared that he had paid the sum with the consent of the captors . On investigation it appeared , that the sum was paid for in formation , without which the condemnation could not be effected , and that not one sixpence of it had been paid to the King 's proctor or his officers , Hoy could 995 the noble lord reconcile such charges to himself ? could there now be any doubt upon this case ? It was so doubtful that the King 's proctor had advised against it , and it never could have been brought to a favourable issue but for the evidence procured by the 500l . The noble lord had said , that he never had seized a neutral , and never would . The noble lord was the best judge of his own conduct , but to his knowledge some of the best officers did so , and he was sure would continue to do so still . He did not mean to make any charge against the navy agents , who were a respectable class of men , but he must repeat , that the interests of the navy were better secured when under the direction of one person . It was unnecessary for him to detain the House any longer , as he hoped he had shewn to their satisfaction that the charge of the noble lord was unfounded . wished to express his indignation at the cruel manner adopted by the noble lord of treating public men . The noble lord had brought a charge against the King 's proctor , which , if true , must render him unworthy to hold any situation . Yet what course did the noble lord pursue ? Did he impeach him ? No ; but he moved for certain papers , which had no more relation to the case than to any other case which was not yet in contemplation . Why did not the noble lord adopt another course ? Why did he not go to the first lord of the admiralty , whose conduct he was obliged to compliment ? He had said that he had proofs : why did he not go to the court of King's-bench , and produce them ? But no , he was satisfied with merely moving for some accounts which he considered a consistent conclusion to a charge of bribery . This was not the way to treat public men . Supposing that a charge had been made against the noble lord himself at that late period of the session , accusing him of peculation , or some other crime , and that all this was followed up by a motion for the production of his accounts , would he not complain of being most improperly treated , and say that every principle of justice and humanity had been violated with respect to him ? But it appeared after all that the King 's proctor