. gentlemen stated the depreciation of Bank paper to be 15 per cent . ; others 18 ; others 20 . This 919 very uncertainly shewed the non-existence of the thing itself . He had closely attended to their arguments , and he had never found that they assumed a tangible shape ; it was true that the price of meat , and other articles , had increased ; but when it was considered that there was an annual revenue of eighty millions raised in the country , that increase of price could not fairly be attributed to any depreciation of currency . The prevalence of luxury , the increase of population , and the enhanced price of labour , co-operated with the enormous revenue in producing this effect ; and therefore , although money , in any shape , would not procure so much of a commodity as it might have done some years ago , yet that was no proof whatever of the depreciation of paper . The depreciation , as it was termed , was by sortie attributed to the over-issue of paper by the Bank of England . This was a most extraordinary supposition . The amount of Bank notes at present in circulation was 23 millions . When the circulation of the country was composed of gold and paper , that circulation consisted of 25 millions of the former , and 10 millions of the latter , making in the whole a circulation of 35 millions . How , therefore , could it be justly contended that a circulation so diminished in comparison as the existing circulation was an over issue ? And with respect to the comparison of Bank of England notes with the French assignats of former days , did hon . gentlemen recollect , that if a Frenchman held too many of those assignats , he did not know what to do with them , while , on the other hand , the whole of the paper issued by the Bank of England reverted to the Exchequer four times in the year ? The French assignats were a forced circulation—they were issued to supply the deficiency in the revenue . Was that the case with the paper issued by the Bank of England ? The Bank directors did not force , they only fed the circulation . They never issued paper but in exchange for good bills , or government security . In his opinion , the Bank had acted most correctly and judiciously ; but even when in any instance the issues had been at all excessive , the evil corrected itself . A proof of this occurred during the commercial failures of last year , to relieve which the Bank increased their issues to 25 millions ; but in the course of two or three months , namely , from December to February , the relief being afforded it returned to its regular limit . The 920 issues of the Bank were paid for by those who received them . The Bank did not throw their paper at peoples heads , or stuff it down their pockets . Every one who received it on security paid five per cent . for the accommodation : and no man would pay five per cent . for that which was not a desirable acquisition . For his part , he should be as happy as any one to see the country again in possession of a mixed circulation of gold and paper . But , when he recollected that in 1797 , the legislature thought fit to enact the Bank Restriction Bill—when he found that for 12 years after that enactment , the exchanges with foreign countries were in favour of Great Britain , and that if any inconveniences were fell from the supposed depreciation of paper , they were at least not complained of—when he observed that it was only during the two last years , in consequence of the injury which our trade suffered , that the balance of payments with foreign countries , and ultimately the exchanges became against us—and then , when he heard gentlemen declaring that bank paper