an Irish one should pay only 2s . at most , and I wish the wealth of Ireland , as compared with England , could be considered as 2 to 3 . I am sure it falls very short of it indeed ; and when you come , to the tax , it is but reasonable that you should consider the wealth of the two countries.—As to the tax destroying the liberty of the press , for one I have not the least idea that it will produce that effect , but I think it is a very unreasonable tax , and I hope that the right hon . gent . will see something just in the complaints of the petitioners , and that he will not refuse to have the matter examined by a Committee . I see considerable justice in some things that have fallen from the other side , though I do not give way to any of the exaggerated statements : but what I wish is , that the tax may be fixed in some way or other so as to produce a less reduction of the profits of the proprietors . —I am sure the House is very much indebted to the right hon . gent . opposite , for his amusing comments , but I do not think that they will have any great weight with the House , though I at the same time give him great credit for turning this most serious subject into ridicule and humour . But the advertising readers are not so much to be despised , because , if he examined , he would see how much the revenue is increased by the advertisements , and he would be aware how great a defalcation of that revenue would take place , if the advertisement readers were to be scoffed and laughed out of their reading . But the reason why my hon . friend adverted to it was this , that no paper either in this country or in Ireland can support itself but through the medium of advertisements . 192 I can not for a moment doubt but that the right hon . gent . does know it ; the public prints are injured by destroying that in which the public are interested . They are injured by detailing the debates in parliament , because they are obliged to leave out their advertisements.—Now , the fact of the two additional newspapers in Dublin , which the right hon . gent . applied to his own purpose , goes directly the other way ; for why did the hon . member for Dublin make use of it in argument ? He said , that in a prior period of three months , the whole amount of duty amounted to 4109l . ; and a subsequent period it was 4,930l . ; but that in the latter period , there were two additional papers set up—and in the conclusion it appears , that these two additional papers paid 1,000l . and deducting that from the duty of the period before , there will be a defalcation of duty , instead of an increase , of nearly 300l . If we could agree in this House as to our facts , there would be less debating , and business would be done more for the public benefit . If the fact be true , that that which in England costs 3s . in Ireland costs nearly 3l . the fact is , I submit , sufficient ; it is a volume of argument and reasoning to induce the House to accede to the motion , and it has not yet been denied . But I want to know , why should the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or any member , say , we will allow advertisements of a certain length . They have none ; and the moment you confine the circulation , you stop the benefit to the advertiser , and the proprietor will not find it worth his while to carry it on , when he receives no advertisements.—In the first place , a great number of