passage in question . It referred merely to a recommendation of the Committee of that society in the East , that the Scriptures should be read in public to the people in their native language . The Hindoo and Mahometan Scriptures were read publicly already , and the reading of the Christian Scriptures in the same manner , would give no offence whatever . But even this could not be attempted without the sanction of the government ; and the regulations of the government on this subject , if at all erring , fired rather on the side of extreme prudence and caution . He trusted he need make no apology for the Committee in this country ' . There was no intention to enforce this measure by any authority of government , or any compulsory means whatever . It was only proposed to leave the matter to make its own way . said he was satisfied with the explanation , and would not press his motion . called the attention of the House to the case of a soldier who had been lately condemned to be flogged in the Isle of Wight , for being absent at night . It appeared from this , that the discretionary power given in the mutiny act , was not likely to be attended with much effect in prevent- 760 ing the infliction of that disgraceful punishment . Rather than submit to it , the man actually cut his throat ; but it was sewed up , and it was said that the man only deserved additional punishment for the attempt . He belonged to the royals , and his name was John Evans . He concluded by giving notice , that he would next session again call the attention of the House to this important subject , in requesting the Chancellor of the Exchequer to give to the House some explanation of the motives which had led to the arrangemet by which the Chief Secretary for Ireland was to hold the office of Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer , did not intend to express an opinion against it . He should wait to form his opinion upon the explanation that might be given . He could not help , however , viewing it with some suspicion , because it seemed to be altogether inconsistent with that principle , which ought to govern the finances of Ireland ; the principle of a superintending control of a board of treasury . It had been an object for many years in the Irish parliament to acquire such a control . The Bill which established it was termed the Responsibility Bill , a name implying that so long as the management of the finances was in the hands of the lord lieutenant , there was no adequate responsibility.—Now , this proceeding of making the lord lieutenant 's secretary Chancellor of the Exchequer , looked very like a recurrence to the old system ; and as if it was intended to put aside the board of treasury . If this was the case , it would be as well to say so , and then the public might be saved the expence of paying salaries to a number of useless lords of the treasury . As the chief secretary for Ireland was in that capacity subordinate to the lord lieutenant , and would be in the capacity of Chancellor of the Exchequer , subordinate to the right hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Perceval ) from his being first lord of the Irish treasury ; the question to which he more immediately required an answer was this ; whether the communications that would hereafter be made to the several boards of Commissioners in Ireland employed in the collection of the Revenue , would be made in the name of the lord lieutenant , or in the name of the treasury , and with the concurrence of the right hon . gent ? The answer to this question would decide whether or not the finances of Ireland were to 761 be under the constitutional and proper control of aboard of treasury . If it should turn