principle so radically bad , that it was impossible for any change which might take place in the Committee ( unless , indeed , that change were to go to the omission of the whole Bill , for the purpose of substituting something of a nature directly opposite ) , to render the Bill in any degree tolerable . With respect to the origin of the measure , he had nothing to do with that . He did not believe it to have been such as the House had heard that it was . He believed it was a mere pretence to say that this Bill was occasioned by lord King 's intimation to his tenantry . Let the House recollect the history of the Bill . Let them recollect that , although introduced on the affected ground to which he had alluded , it originally possessed no provision applicable to the case which it professed to meet , but was distinctly directed against that deficiency in the law ( a deficiency which he trusted would long exist ) , that occasioned the acquittal of De Yonge and Wright ; it was calculated to force the circulation of paper , and to make that law which the Judges of England in the cases that he had just mentioned , had declared was not law already . Subsequently and incidentally came that clause , the provision against the distraining for rent , by which it was attempted to defeat the just object of lord King and of those who might be induced to imitate him . His first objection to the Bill was , that it would be ineffectual in securing the object which the supporters of it pretended to have in view . It would be strong only in mischief . It would interfere with private contracts ; and it would enable a fraudu- 924 lent debtor to be unjust to his creditor . As had already been said by an hon . friend of his , any person who wished to make a profit by the sale of guineas might do so , with as much facility if the Bill passed as he could at present ; for all he would have to do would be to export these guineas to Ireland , then to sell them for bills , for which he would afterwards receive their specified value . And even if the clause were omitted by which the extension of the provisions of the Bill to Ireland was prevented , still the Bill would be inefficient . For what would it do , but take from lord King , or any other landlord who might be disposed to follow his example , merely one of the means which he bad in his power to secure himself from fraud ? As to the noble lord in 'question , his character had nothing to do with the question ; but he would not abstain from expressing , not in that noble lord 's presence , but in the face of those by whom he was censured , his high admiration of his lordship 's talents and qualities . But this feeling had not any thing to do with the discussion of the subject , and laying it wholly aside , therefore , he should proceed to the discussion without any partiality of that nature . He repeated what would the clause of the Bill before the House do but simply prevent a landlord from distraining for rent , should his tenant refuse to pay him , according to his contract , `` in the good and lawful money of the realm ? Every other mode of proceeding was left to the landlord . He might still , on the non-payment of his rent for half a year , in conformity to the terms of his lease , eject his tenant ; he must subsequently obtain judgment ; he would then recover the lease which he had granted ; and would not that be a sufficient power in his hands ? Would not that make it compulsory on the tenant to pay in the fair and just manner which his