House of Commons , and I shall be ready to give effect to them in this instance whenever the means shall have been provided by parliament . '' `` Carlton House , 24th May 1811 . '' said he had made inquiries respecting the probable effect of the Bill , in consequence of the apprehension which had been expressed : and the result of them was that no inconvenience appeared likely to arise that could justify the alarm spread abroad . It was , however , his intention , as such a feeling was excited , and as the lower classes could not be convinced how groundless were their fears , to move , That the order for the committal of the Bill should be postponed to that day three months . , though he did not agree 306 with the right hon . gent. , that any good could come of the measure , rejoiced most heartily that ministers had the good sense and prudence to relinquish what the parties most interested thought so highly destructive to their interests . could not divest his mind of the idea that the right hon . gent . had had rather a bitter pill to swallow ; but ha admitted that he had swallowed it with the best possible grace . The motion of the right hon . gent . would have filled him with the greatest surprise , if the matter had not been broke to him by an intimation which had been given since he entered the House . It was rather surprising that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who the day before yesterday was so confident no inconvenience could result from the measure that he would hardly grant eight-and-forty hours for the further consideration of the subject , and to give time for the sentiments of the manufacturers to be known , should so soon make up his mind to give up the measure altogether . The late Mr. Pitt used to extol every tax he proposed , as being the best that could be made , and as being such that no possible inconvenience could thence be expected to arise . It should seem that the right hon . gent . had been ambitious of imitating him on the present occasion in a minor degree . He had set out with saying that it was impossible for any evil to follow its adoption , but , on the contrary , much good was to be expected from it , and ended by giving it up . He was happy to find it was so given up , as under the circumstances of the case , it was impossible to suppose any speech of his could have inflamed the manufacturers , so as to render it expedient on that account . Though surprised , he was pleased at the change , which , however it was to be accounted for , he could not receive without feeling disposed to throw some discredit on the premises from which this conclusion was stated to be drawn . felt himself under the necessity of saying a few words in support of what had fallen from his right hon . friend . With him , he thought the alarm which had been spread abroad , had been so spread without sufficient grounds for it being proved to exist . The hon . gent . who spoke last had expressed himself to be surprised and not surprised , so often , that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) did not know whether he at last wished to be understood 307 as being surprised or not . He had , however , expressed himself happy that the measure was relinquished ; and he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) was glad to see it had given him such good spirits and good humour ; for that he was in a good humour was evident , notwithstanding the apologies he had thought it necessary to make for seeming pleased . The apprehension felt on the occasion , he regarded as extravagant ; but at the same time ,