what truth and justice they were made , had therefore brought it forward . He did not ask for any specific measure , but only that the question should be considered , and this the House ought to comply with . said , it was hardly possible for an individual to be placed in a more disagreeable situation than this he stood in , compelled as he was to give a negative to this motion . Very soon after he came into the office of Treasurer of the Navy , this question came under consideration . He consulted with several officers on the subject , and found the difficulties numerous and nearly insurmountable . If the measure were to be adopted , it must be general through every station ; and in that case great part of the navy would be losers . Those officers who were on the West India and other stations had an advantage in drawing ; and he was , from the result of all his enquiries , perfectly convinced , that on the whole the public would lose infinitely more than the officers could possibly gain ; for he did not believe they would gain one shilling . He should be sorry it should go abroad , or be understood out of the House , that this motion was resisted merely from a principle of economy ; for when the real benefit of the service was in question , economy , merely as such , would not operate on his mind ; and this he had evinced by an immediate support of the application for the officers to have their wine duty free . said he thought the officers of the navy should not be thus unjustly taxed , and he would therefore vote for the motion . could not sec any greater difficulty in paying the officers of the navy abroad , than in paying the army . 593 With respect to the difficulty of ascertaining the rate of exchange at every place where officers could draw , there were Consuls , or other persons of the same description , who could certify what the exchange really was . The officers on the Gibraltar station were 25 per cent . out of pocket . It frequently happened that an officer was unable , from this loss , to buy sufficient quantity of necessaries to last the proper time . stated , that not being in the House when this subject was discussed on a former night , he was not able to take advantage of the arguments used on that occasion , but from all that had been advanced now either by the hon . mover of this question or by the right hon . gent . opposite , he was more and more grounded in his opinion , of ( which he had often presumed to express to the House ) the urgent necessity of an immediate inquiry into the state of the navy , with the hope that if it did not produce an immediate increase of the pay and amelioration of the situation of the officers , it would at least impress on the minds of the House and particularly on the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the necessity of due economy in all branches of Government , to enable them to do justice to the officers serving by land and sea . He was the less inclined to enter into a partial and limited inquiry , as it appeared to him that much evil arised to the service , from the frequent recurrence to temporary measures or expedients called for at particular moments . He confessed he was not one of those who were disposed to pay every tribute of applause to the act of the 35th , commonly called the Allotment act . He believed it to be an act pregnant with mischief , he believed it to encourage desertion , and still further , he believed it would hereafter occasion much discontent to the seamen , or the alternative of creating great expence to the country . He disapproved of this act , in as much as it