them , to be suspended or dismissed from his Majesty 's service , by the sentence of a court martial.—The hon . baronet said , he wished to be understood as making no complaint that general orders had not been issued on reasonable application made to the proper officer , with a view to obviate the recurrence of such complaints . He knew , indeed , that four such general orders had been issued in the western district alone , by direction of his royal highness the Duke of York . Those general orders , however , had only a temporary operation , otherwise indeed the repetition could not have been urged.—Sir J. H. said he would not take up the time of the House , by adverting particularly to the great mass of testimony he had received on this head , and which was of the most unquestionable authority . He would barely mention , that since the discussion of this question in the present session , although the general orders had been pleaded to an officer commanding in a northern part of the kingdom , he did not think himself competent to grant permission to the Catholic soldiers of his corps to attend their own chapel , without a special recurrence to the general officer commanding the district , and having obtained his sanction , and permission accordingly given , to attend the service of their chapel , they nevertheless were afterwards marched to the established church with the rest of the regiment . It was unpleasant , sir J. H. said , to state in the House the names of the officers acting under the same influence of habitual practice , but he had no objection to state the several facts , and the authority on which they stood , to his Majesty 's ministers . * * Sir J. H. immediately after his speech communicated several letters , & c. to Chancellor of the Exchequer on this subject . said , that the facts respecting the Roman Catholic chaplains , had been much misconceived . Those chaplains who were appointed to the four regiments of Irish brigade , on the Irish establishment , were commissioned in consequence of a particular provision of the legislature , authorizing the reception of those corps , the officers and men being wholly Catholics , into his Majesty 's service . The case of the Glengary regiment , which he had repeatedly mentioned in that House , was very differently circumstanced—it was a regiment raised in Great Britain , and under the ordinary provisions of the Mutiny Act ; yet his Majesty 's ministers did not scruple to recommend the appointment of a Roman Catholic priest as chaplain to that regiment , whose commission was signed by his Majesty , and gazetted in 1794.—This fact is the more remarkable , as in 1798 the law officers of the crown gave their official opinion , `` that advising his Majesty to grant a commission to a Roman Catholic , is a misdemeanor which may be the subject of parliamentary animadversion , supposing it not to be an offence directly punishable by any proceeding in the ordinary courts of justice . '' In the present instance , in the Irish militia regiments not avowedly and exclusively Catholic , though a very great majority were of this description , unquestionably it would be a very conciliating measure , to countenance the use of a small tract , or manual of devotion , which had been expressly drawn up , by the authority of the Roman Catholic prelate of the London district , and recommended to the use of the Catholics serving in the fleets and armies of Great Britain . An ardent hope was expressed , in the introduction to that work , that , by the authority of the legislature , and a just attention to the conscientious feelings of so numerous a body of his Majesty 's subjects , Roman Catholic seamen and soldiers , they would be exempted , by law , from attending the service of the established church ; and also , that they might be assembled in some