the greater part of the value of his property by this depreciation ? It was therefore , with respect to him , only a question of degree as to the point at which he would no longer submit to the depreciated rate . But in what a situation would the noble lord place the landholder ? because the stockholder should happen to be compelled to receive his dividend in a currency depreciated 80 or 90 percent , he would reduce the land holder to the same situation , and compel him also to surrender the greater part of his income , by receiving his rents in the depreciated currency . Where was the justice of this ? If paper was so depreciated , that 100l . nominal value would only buy a leg of mutton , the noble lord would compel the landholder to receive payment in the same currency , and thus reduce the value of his property to nearly nothing . The injustice of such a measure was too glaring to require any argument , and had as the measure was in itself , it was still worse , with a view to the consequences to which it must lead—The consequence of this proceeding must be , that the Bank notes would become a legal tender , and then this country would be subjected to the greatest evils experienced by the French government in the time of the Assignats . We were told that we were engaged in the contest to prevent such evils ; and yet , strange to tell , we were ourselves now called upon to plunge into this very system , formerly represented , and justly represented , as so pregnant with injustice and calamity . If this Bill passed , the notes must be made a legal lender ; they would then have a forced circulation , with all the calamities which experience proved to be dependant upon it . As to the prevention of forgery , and the other advantages ascribed to this Bill , he believed all this would make but little difference in the effect of the measure . It had been said that the legal tender had been in contemplation at the time the restriction was imposed in 1797 He had been present at the debates on that occasion , and certainly , as far as he 839 could form any conclusion from the speeches then delivered , nobody was more decidedly hostile to the principle of the assignats than Mr. Pitt was . Adverting to the conduct of ministers , he said that he never saw men in office so utterly unable to form an estimate of the difficulty ; so utterly undecided and ignorant as to the proper means of overcoming it . The noble lord on the opposite bench , who had first spoken ort the subject , gave no opinion at all , but contented himself with stating that he would not vote for the rejection of the measure While the debate was going on , a family council was held , and the result was , that the noble Secretary of State declared he would support that which three days before he had considered as unnecessary , and therefore ought to be rejected . Did ever ministry exhibit such indecision and pusillanimity , such fatality and total unfitness for their situation , such contemptible policy , if policy it might be called ? But if their lordships valued the prosperity of the country ; if they wished to escape safe out of the contest of which there appeared little prospect of a speedy termination , they must oppose this motion . Much more might be said on this subject , but he Would conclude by observing , that he was convinced in his own mind , that if this measure was carried into execution there would be no end to the depreciation—no further security for the property of this country . , in explanation , said , that there was no such thing in this country as a measure founded on a quantity of bullion of standard fineness . The legal coin was the