the letter so pronounced a libel , of which he conceived the only passage that could be considered approaching to a libel was , when talking of the hardship the of income-taxitself , it added , `` How doubly oppressive must it be in the hands of commissioners who seem to take a pleasure in taking from the burdened and almost broken down manufacturer , more than he could spare . ] '' —It appeared , then , that this offence was really of so slight and trifling a nature , that it was hardly possible even to be angry at it . The Commissioners themselves fell no resentment for it ; and so little was it 600 thought of , that one of the persons who inserted it was a friend of the commissioners . They themselves told this man that they had no enmity towards him , that they would do every thing in their power to get him out of the scrape , but that the thing was in the hands of his Majesty 's government ; and yet the Attorney-General , knowing all these circumstances , on a former occasion told him ( lord Folkestone ) that he had the satisfaction to have prosecuted this man to conviction ! He hoped one of the privy council or some person about his royal highness the Regent , would represent this case to him , when he had no doubt , from the generosity of his mind , that he would do in it what was proper . When he and others , thinking the press hardly used , and that there was even a systematic effort to subdue it , had on a former occasion thought it right to bring the subject of informations for libel before the House , he had employed a solicitor to procure him copies of the informations . The solicitor found it more convenient to apply to those who were employed for the several parties , than to get them from the office . He got them all , except the case of this man ; for , finding that the copy was wanted for lord Folkestone , the attorney for the party expressed his fears , lest if the matter came to the Attorney General 's ears , the punishment would be more severe . He did not mean to say that the re was any foundation for this fear ; but this shewed the state of intimidation in which the press was placed . By the negligence of the solicitors , the instructions had not been delivered to the counsel till a few minutes before Collyer was brought up for judgment . The counsel therefore applied to the Attorney General to have the matter put off , when the Attorney General asked them whether they would answer that lord Folkestone would not accuse him of not having prosecuted their client ? He would ask the Attorney-General whether this was not correct ? Did the Attorney-General act differently From what he other wise would have done , on account of any tiling that he ( lord Folkestone ) might say ? The better way would be to act even upon his own notions of what was right . But he denied that he had ever blamed the Attorney-General for not prosecuting . He had only blamed him for his partiality in having prosecuted those who opposed the politics of government for smaller offences , while he suffered those who supported the 601 politics of government to publish the grossest libels with impunity . It had been ruled by the court , that even putting a letter in the postoffice containing libellous matter was a publication . What man , then , would dare to complain of the conduct of men in office even in this way , if a punishment so severe as a year 's imprisonment were to be inflicted for offences so slight as that of Collyer ? Was he not justified , then , in calling it a most severe and cruel punishment ? The noble lord concluded by moving for copies of the informations for libel filed