of reform . It might , indeed , be better for the purposes of individuals , and let those who preferred such a system enjoy it . For his part , he could not conceive that to be the best system by which privileges were secured to a few who were 617 allowed to lord it over all the others . His hon . and learned friend said that there were scarcely any free people of colour in Trinidad . In 1805 , however , it appeared that there were of this description 5,275 , being in a proportion of five to two of the white population ; and in 1808 , they had increased to 6,478 . He proceeded to notice the Memorial presented to the governor of Trinidad by this description of the inhabitants , which was peculiarly touching , from the humble , gentle , and subdued nature of the language in which it was conceived , so different from the style of other persons of a similiar description in other colonies . Those were the persons , however , whom it was sought , under pretence of giving them British laws , to deprive of those privileges and that constitution which they now enjoyed . One word as to the nature of the trial which his hon . and learned friend wished to give to the unfortunate negroes in this settlement . The jury , as he proposed it , must consist of twelve white planters , interested in the slave trade . This was a tribunal similar to that which acquitted Huggins , and before which his honourable and learned friend wished the House to send every other person who was to be tried for any offence , real or supposed . To call this a trial by jury , was neither more nor less than a mockery.—The hon . and learned gentleman proceeded to shew the absurdity of that House , under the assumption that such and such was the law of Spain , and without any possibility of knowing whether such was the law of Spain or not taking on themselves at once to repeal it , and to substitute in its place what might be utterly inapplicable , and infinitely worse than the law which they repealed . That the law of Spain was not known in this country , the court of King 's bench had fully shewn , by referring for farther inquiry , the simple point , whether the law of old Spain recognised torture . Surely then , that House could not be supposed to be better informed on such a subject than the judges of the court of king 's bench.—This led him , in the last place , to remark that this very uncertainly afforded the strongest reason why the House should not proceed rashly , or without due consideration and deliberation . He hoped before many months elapsed , that the subject would be considered in its proper place ; and it could not , to his mind , be taken up in a more proper manner than in the spirit which marked the greater part of lord Li- 618 verpool 's letter . Let that spirit , and not the letter of English jurisprudence , be in the minds of ministers when they went to the consideration of this subject , and let them act accordingly . He gave them , credit for what they had already done ; and had no hesitation in opposing the present motion . , notwithstanding the satisfactory answer which the proposition of the hon . and learned mover had received from his hon . and learned friend who had just sat down , found it necessary to go somewhat into the question . He objected to the time and manner in which the question was brought forward . Not a single complaint had been made , but the system had been acted on by all concerned ; and though the hon . and learned mover , who was the agent for the colony , had been in possession of the circumstances now staled by him for months ,