at the bar—but he remembered , when the Chancellor did every thing and the masters nothing . If hey would relieve the Chancellor from some part of his heavy duties , why not separate from his office that part which had not originally belonged to it But the truth was , he feared , that the profits of the commission were found 10 be too great to be very readily given up . Was the public to pay for this new Master of the Rolls ? Why , then , not first ascertain the real emoluments of the Chancellor , and how those emoluments arose out of his labours ? if of those labours there were some which he could not discharge , for such n was to be presumed he could not reasonably expect to be paid . Whatever part of the office he could not fill , of that part he ought not to receive 445 the emoluments.—He had now only to call upon the House , which he did most earnestly , to pause before they agreed to pass the Bill coming down to them . This was no question of party politics , and yet , such was the fascination in going with the minister , that the very persons who had most zealously urged him to the prosecution of the present motion were those who were now most averse to it . also moved , that it be an instruction to the Committee to examine into all the fees and emoluments taken by the Lord Chancellor in his jurisdiction of Chancellor , as well as in bankruptcy proceedings . thought that this point would be a subject of enquiry with the Committee now sitting on public offices . The instruction appeared , therefore , unnecessary and exceptionable . believed , that the business of that Committee was to enquire into the profits of sinecure offices ; and the office of Chancellor could never be considered as a sinecure . If another person was employed to relieve the Chancellor , it was but fit to consider whether that person should be paid by him who was relieved , or by the public . The enquiry , therefore , into the fees and emoluments of office was very necessary . believed , that the powers of the Committee on sinecure offices did not extend to the office of Chancellor . There were some officers about the Chancellor who held sinecure situations , and received large fees , part of which went to the Chancellor . Into these offices the Committee on Sinecures could examine , but not into the emoluments of the Lord Chancellor . declined pressing his opposition , and the motion was agreed to . rose to propose a Vote of Credit , to the extent of which , he believed , there would be no 446 objections , as it was the same that was granted last year . He should therefore move , That the sum of three millions be granted to his Majesty , as a Vote of Credit , to enable him to take such measures as may be necessary to defeat any enterprizes or designs of his enemies , and as the exigency of affairs may require . said , that he should not have offered any observations on the present motion , if he had an expectation that other opportunities would occur before the prorogation , of stating to the House what appeared to him to be of great importance with respect to the interests of the country . It appeared to him that there could no longer be any doubt whether our commercial warfare with Europe and with America had or had not been successful . He was sure that this question was settled beyond all doubt in the minds of the suffering manufacturers , whose petitions had been that day before the House , and whose claims the Chancellor of the Exchequer had very reluctantly allowed to go a Committee . It had been already passed as a resolution by that House , `` that since the year 1806 , and particularly from the beginning of the