friend had adduced had been objected to , but he would not trouble himself about those cases . He was satisfied with shewing from the principle of reason and law , that the system of flogging was unwise . This was the object of the motion , and nothing relating to any particular case : he was only anxious to bring the House to a pledge that it would proceed on the subject next session . The judge advocate had spoken of his amendments to the Mutiny act , and the effects he expected from them . But what was the change ? The Mutiny act had , since the Revolution , allowed of a latitude of punishment for higher offences , and a court-martial might sentence to imprisonment or flogging . By the 22d section of the act a court-martial could go to any extent of punishment that did not injure life or limb . There , was , of course , no change in the law . If it was still to be insisted that there was a change , it 708 must reduce itself to a hint to courts-martial , that they might look rather more to imprisonment than they had done . But all this was feeble . Flogging for mutiny , & c. would continue to the amount of eight or ten hundred lashes , and the change produced by the amendment would be nothing . Why was not the amendment introduced into the first section , and made adequate to supersede capital punishment , as the only thing that could be superseded by the amendment ? The courts martial having already had power of imprisonment for inferior offences , would find their powers neither increased nor diminished by this alteration . Taylor 's case was of small interest compared with the general question . He had lately expressed himself strongly in abhorrence of the flogging of negroes , a race less connected with us than the objects of the motion , and the House were loud in their detestation of the cruelty . Why not , when it came nearer home , and among a gallant and manly race of beings ? The spectacle of a military flogging was one of the most horrid ; and , that not on the testimony of persons of peaceful habits , but on the authority of officers educated in the view of them . But those were the very men who talked of them in the most powerful language . The representations of those officers would have been answered , if they were capable of being answered ; but they were not . They had given their names in the face of the whole army . If any thing could have been said there were venal pens enough to vindicate the cruelty . That the punishment was ignominious was proved on the testimony of officers of no common distinction ; general Stewart , sir Robert Wilson , and general Cockburne . Flogging turned the indignation at the crime against the punisher . Why was not torture a regular punishment ? except a dictum , and a solitary passage in the Bill of Rights , there was nothing about the abolition of torture , because it never was the law of England . On the trial of Fenton for the murder of the duke of Buckingham , there was an attempt at examining by torture , but the judges declared that it could not be administered by the law of England . That law prohibited any unusual and cruel punishment . The punishment was not merely obnoxious as not reclaiming the culprit , but as an offence to public decency . His hon . friend had been called on . to point out a substitute for flogging . 709 The law had done it already , by pointing out imprisonment . There were other modes of making discipline secure , such as deprivation of pay and restraint of food . But now we took the wretched victim down from the triangles , an object for the dissecting room , or for the hospital , to be hung up