it was desirable to carry it into a permanent system . The bill of 1797 was necessary , and as far as it went an admirable one for its purposes . It would not be proper , in the event merely of alarm or invasion , to allow the conversion of paper into gold , and , there fore , as in 1797 , it was highly expedient to provide against that evil , not departing from the system of 1797 , as a temporary measure . He should have given his consent with reluctance to the bill , had he not heard from the Bank directors , that the issues of paper were restricted , and consequently that the circulation of that species of medium did not amount to more than when the Bank Restriction act passed . Adverting to the issues from the Bank of Paris , he observed , that the restriction on that bank conduced to the restoration of the value of their notes . He must object to that part of the bill which provided for the non-exchange 973 of gold , except that metal should at the time be at par . He thought the operation of the bill should in that case have a retrospective , and not a prospective view . In looking at the value of exchange , and the difference in them , he conceived if the exportation of our commodities were in a great measure restricted , and the importation of those of the Ruler of France forbid , we might by other means obtain such an article ( or in fact , gold ) in return for our exports , as should compensate . Much had been said on the subject of the depreciation of the paper of the Bank of England , but he wished that gentlemen , when they were so anxious to mark that supposed depreciation , would shew at what period it began . conceived that the bill contained extraordinary provisions , and had been introduced under extraordinary circumstances , in order that ministers might thereby read a recantation of the doctrines they had introduced under the resolutions grafted on the report of the Bullion Committee . The bill went to falsify all those resolutions , namely , That Bank notes were equivalent in value to the current coin of the realm . So far from that being the case , he thought that the ground of bringing the bill in was , that tenants would , if the law was not declared otherwise , be compelled to purchase guineas at the rate of 27s . each , to pay their landlords . It was not a little curious to remark , that the supporters of the bill admitted that the depreciation of paper was so alarming that it was necessary to have recourse to legislative interference . Among the extraordinary novelties which this bill introduced , might be enumerated the clause excepting Ireland from its operation . He could not divine why it was necessary to legislate for an evil where it was not proved to exist , and to refuse to legislate for the same evil where it did actually exist . He , however , could not conceive on what principle the tenantry of Ireland were to be exposed to all the hardships and difficulties which would surround them , and yet the people of England were to be protected from those hardships . He denied , as had been asserted , that the commercial interests were more affected than the landed interest . But the most extraordinary of all the provisions ( as might be gathered from the declaration of the right hon . gentleman ) was the intention of making Bank notes a legal tender . That this bill was to be a sort of preliminary step to that object could not 974 be doubted . The support of ministers would not hare been given to the measure if the fortunes of the empire were not to be staked upon its success . condemned the plan of the noble lord ( King , ) as leading to the most