a very great increase of business had taken place in that court . He knew very well that many of the motions which lately occurred were motions of course ; but he knew also from the statement submitted by the House of Lords , that there were many of a different description . For the ten years before the last there were 57,000 motions and 2,700 petitions ; during the last ten years there were bat 37,000 motions and 1,663 petitions . With respect to the measure which might be proposed by the Lords , he thought it much better to wait until their Bill came down , and then would be the proper time to discuss it . After what had been said , however , he must in fairness declare , that it was possible he should be for passing the Bill this session ; but still of course , if delay was necessary to the adoption of a wise and proper remedy , no ill-advised expedition should thwart-so desirable an object . As they had the chief cause of the arrears in the Court of Chancery already before them , he should vote against the appointment of a Committee . denied that there was in the statement of the Lords one single satisfactory reason for the delay of justice in the Court of Chancery . The right hon . gent . had said , that the number of motions which had of late been made , might account for the delay . What was the reason , however , of the increase of motions ? Why simply , because the attorney or client in a cause could not get the opinion of the court directly on the cause itself ; they were glad to come at it by a sidewind , in the way of a motion . Those motions , then , were the effect of the delay , and not the cause . The way proposed , however , to get rid of all these inconveniences , was by the appointment of a third judge ; and the right hon . gent . would 441 have the House wait for the Bill from the Lords before they came to a determination . But how were they to determine unless they enquired ? or , how was it to be expected that a Bill was to get a fair consideration which would most probably not come down until there were not fifty members in town to consider it ? He was aware , that much extra business came before the court this last year , in consequence of the numerous bankruptcies ; but he hoped the right hon . gent . did not mean so to govern the country as that he should calculate upon a similar recurrence of failures in future . As to the creation of a third judge , in his opinion it would rather go to encrease the delay than remedy it ; because the Chancellor being the supreme judge in the court , every suitor had a light at last to claim his final opinion , which would be thus removed a step by the intervention of an intermediate jurisdiction , between him and the Master of the Rolls . In his opinion , however , the expedition of justice in the Court of Chancery depended , in a great degree , on the Chancellor himself . If the Chancellor was a man of knowledge and talents , and of a proper constitution of mind to decide on the causes , then the delay would not take place . Whether this was the case with the present Chancellor , or not , he would leave to others to determine . The delay in the Court of Chancery necessarily brought on the increase of appeals in the House of Lords ; for where suitors imagined they could get any thing by delay , they naturally had recourse to it in any way in which they could . He was quite clear that this was a temporary evil , and ought therefore only to have a temporary remedy . At all events ,