Committee had been left alone to work its own way in the public opinion : but when it was not thought sufficient to reject the Resolution contained in that Report , but that it was also thought necessary that the House should pass Resolutions of a contrary tendency , he felt it necessary to propose an Amendment . He chose to move his Amendment upon the third Resolution , because those who brought it forward professed , that passing this Resolution would put the question of depreciation at rest . But in what manner was it now attempted to put this question to rest ? His hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Horner ) had proposed in a Resolution , `` That the actual value of the promissory notes of the Bank of England ( measuring such value by weight of standard gold and silver as aforesaid ) has been , for a considerable period of time , and still is , considerably less than what is establish by the laws of the realm to be the legal tender in payment of any money contract or stipula- 152 tion . The Amendment moved by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) entirely evaded the main question in this Resolution about the value , and asserted only that Bank notes and money were of equal value in the estimation of the public . The question of depreciation was thus avoided : for the right hon . gent , did not state that the actual value of Bank notes was equal to what they purported to represent ; but said merely that they were equal in public estimation . Now , what did he mean by public estimation ? He certainly did not mean the general estimation of all countries ; for no one had yet attempted to dispute or deny , that in the estimation of foreigners our paper was depreciated , and was not of the value which it purported to represent in gold or silver . They had only attempted to argue , that for the purposes of home circulation our paper was not depreciated . He could not , however , conceive how a currency , unsound as to foreign nations , could be sound at home : or how that could be equivalent to gold here , which was not equivalent to it abroad . As to the experience of individuals , which was mentioned in the course of the discussion , several instances had been stated where goods were offered at different prices , if paid for in money or in Bank notes . These instances proved , as far as they went , that the two things were not exactly the same in public estimation.—There was another circumstance , however , which would put this position in a stronger light . About a month ago , the Chancellor of the Exchequer received a paper from a deputation of many of the first merchants in this metropolis , attributing the unfavourable rate of exchange to other causes than those stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . This paper stated , `` That it was the licensing system , and the great encouragement it afforded to the exports of the enemy , which turned the rate of exchange so much against this country , occasioned the great rise of bullion , and the apparent depreciation of Bank paper . '' This paper was signed by Mr. Mellish , Mr. Thornton , sir C. Price , and a long list of the most respectable merchants in London . Although be did not then see any of ( hose gentlemen who had seats in that House present , yet he hoped that they would drop in in the course of the discussion , and explain their ideas upon this subject . Was it not a monstrous proposition that the House was called 153 open to vote , when after almost all the leading houses in the city had told the Chancellor of the Exchequer that there was an apparent depreciation of Bank notes , parliament should be called upon to say , that there