been gone through , nor as to the causes of the delays . It appeared by the report , that from the year 1745 to 1755 the number of original causes decided was 1633 ; in the last 10 years the number was 570 . It did not appear , however , that the business of the court of Chancery had increased of late : but it would be an unjust inference to make from the statement in the report , 439 that the business had actually diminished . The only way in which he could , account for the business not having increased , was , that many points , which were doubtful in lord Hardwicke 's time , had since been settled . The increase of motions was double , but that was no proof that the business was doubled . He hoped if he was wrong in any of the causes which he had stated , that his learned friend opposite would set him right . He regretted much that there were none of those learned gentlemen present who , from their practice in the Court , would have been adequate to decide on this subject ; perhaps , however , it might not be convenient to them to attend . He considered , however , that his public duty was so imperative that it ought to supersede all private convenience . From all the consideration which he could give to the subject , he thought that a temporary remedy was best adapted to the occasion ; and he believed in his conscience that if a Commission to assist the Chancellor was appointed , all the arrears in the Court would be disposed of in the course of a year . He voted for the Committee . said , that they had now before them an account from the Lords , of the causes which had led to the suspension of justice in their House and in the Court of Chancery . In order to obviate the inconvenience in consequence of this , they had entered into a regulation to devote , after this session , a longer attendance to the hearing of causes . There now appeared to be 338 Appeal Causes in arrear . Their lordships had proposed , then , to give up three days in the week , from ten in the morning , till a great number of those arrears were discharged , and two days a week afterwards till they had disposed of them entirely . Many causes had concurred to a delay this session , which were not among the natural or average causes of delay , and therefore could not be considered as likely soon to occur again . He had only to instance the great time which was necessarily occupied in the consideration of the Banbury and Berkeley peerage causes . It had naturally occurred to their lordships , that if they were to sit for the consideration of Writs of Error at ten in the morning , that , of course , a deficiency must occur in the Court of Chancery . They then , in order to remedy this , suggested the creation of an additional judge in the Equity Court , which situation the new judge was to hold during his good behayiour , and not during 440 pleasure . His hon . and learned friend seemed to doubt that Chancery business had encreased during late years . He owned he was very much surprised at this doubt , after hearing the statement that motions in that court had so multiplied . It had , however , been mentioned , either by his hon . and learned friend or by the hon . and learned gent , who moved for the Committee , as one of his great reasons for doing so , that the business of Chancery was so much encreased , that if a cause was now set down in the list , many year ? might elapse before a final judgment could be pronounced on it . From all he had heard , indeed , he was inclined to believe , that