consulted 977 with him how he should act , and prevailed upon him to adopt such a line of conduct as would seem to call for and justify the present Bill ! Nor did his good fortune stop here . He next consulted with lord Stanhope , and that noble lord , it would seem , also conspired with him , and came forward with the Bill in the other House . But at first , he and his colleagues did not consider the Bill as necessary , not imaging that the example of lord King in this respect would fee followed to any extent ; —but his good fortune was conspicuous again ; for lords Grenville and Grey so be-praised lord King for the line of conduct he had adopted , that he , ( Mr. Perceval ) , now perceived all the danger of the example set by lord King , which decided him in adopting lord Stanhope 's Bill ! And here he must also have conspired with lords Grenville and Grey , and prompted them also to adopt a language which justified him in supporting a measure , which he had in contemplation and at heart , though he had opposed it in the first instance . These certainly were singular instances of good fortune ; but the idea he must think was confined to the hon . and learned gent , and he would leave him to enjoy it without a rival . But as the gentlemen opposite him contended for the existence of the evil , which they called a depreciation of the notes of the bank , they accordingly felt called upon to propose some remedy . One proposed the remedy of two prices ; another the purchase of gold , even from France ; another the diminution of the national debt , and so forth . It was evident that the practical experiment of the two prices was held out in terrorem . As to the purchase of gold , how , and by what means was it to be purchased ? Not by Bank notes . Was it then to be purchased by our colonial produce , or by our manufactures ? But if these were to be offered to France , would she not propose to us to take her brandy and claret in exchange ? Would she part with her gold in exchange for these commodities ? Surely not . It had been confessed , even by those gentlemen who opposed the bill , that gold had sometimes , and under certain circumstances , an artificial , an unnatural price . If they admitted that , then they admitted the principle of those who supported the present measure ; they differed from them only in the application of that principle . If the price of gold was artificial and unnatural , then it could not continue at that 978 price . If trade became open , that artificial price would cease . But certain political circumstances might for a time put embarrassments and limits on trade : and therefore , as long as they lasted gold might rise more or less to that artificial and unnatural price . It had likewise been much insisted on that by limitting the issue of Bank paper you would lower the price of gold . This he had on a former occasion contended , and would now again contend , would not be the case ; but even if to any degree it could not have that tendency , still it would be unwise to limit that issue , for by limiting it , you would risk ruining the country ; for you would then cramp or suspend all those exertions on which rested the hopes of the country , and all the means by which its resources could be replenished and revived . It would diminish our trade , and dry up the chief sources of our strength . In the same manner as an artificial value might be given to gold , so also might an artificial depreciation be occasioned in paper . He would ever contend that the Bank of