accomplishing such successes . The House would , therefore , he was fully persuaded , give them credit for not having multiplied their applications to parliament for the high honour of their thanks to reward eminent military services , with any such paltry view . No , it was a duty imposed upon them by the blessing of Providence , which enabled his Majesty 's forces to achieve in the short period which had elapsed of the present campaign , more signal and glorious successes than had been heretofore obtained in almost any space of a tedious and protracted war . Sure he was , that upon this point the House would be more disposed to censure the conduct of ministers for having been too sparing in their applications—for having withheld the thanks of that House from meritorious services—than to complain of their having multiplied the instances in which they called upon the House to record their high approbation of the gallantry and good conduct of their brave officers and troops . 521 He need not here allude to the capture of the island of Banda in a most romantic and chivalrous stile by a small but heroic band—an enterprize entitled to rank for decision and intrepidity with any to be found in the annals of military achievements . Neither need he point out the masterly and gallant manner in which the conquest of the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius had been accomplished ; an object of so much importance , not only from the annoyance which they enabled the enemy to give to British commerce , but from the anxiety which every minister of this counry had manifested to obtain possession of them . The House would acquit ministers of any anxiety to drag before their view services , however important , which might admit of doubt as to their claim to the thanks of Parliament . The occasions to which he had alluded particularly , as having submitted for the approbation of that House , were the gallant exploits performed in the peninsula ; from the glorious victory of Busaco , obtained by lord Wellington in his retreat to his lines , to what surpassed all—the important victory at Almeida . Under all the circumstances of the case , it would be admitted that they had rather abstained from overloading the Journals with Votes of Thanks , than unnecessarily squandered that proud distinction ; and if any gentleman were to criticise their conduct , his animadversion would be directed to their forbearance , at a period when scarce a day passed without an expectation of same victory ; which expectation was uniformly realised by the ext accounts . In short , such a tide and flood of victory flowed in our favour , that of our army it might be said , as of an army of old , `` Hostis nihil aliud est nisi perpetua gloriæ materia vestræ . '' The enemy , by the incessant victories gained over them , seemed to serve only as a fund to supply materials for the accumulating glories of the Bruish army . He had only to refer to the manner in which the former votes had been received , to shew that he had not been lavish in bringing these votes forward . Having stated thus much as to the circumstances in which he brought forward the motion of that night , he should proceed next to state the circumstances of the action to which his motion applied , It appeared by the dispatches , that general Beresford was engaged in the siege , when he received intelligence that marshal Soult , having collected from the corps 522 of Victor , Sebastiani , and from the interior of Spain , all the force which he could assemble , had broken up on the 10th of May from Seville , to march to the relief of Badajoz . Upon receipt of this intelligence , it appeared that be considered how he should meet the attack ; whether he should raise the siege of Badajoz and await the attack of Soult , or provide for both objects . He determined to