disgraced ? Are all our rejoicings to end in this , that Massena having attempted that for which he appears not to have had sufficient force , has retired from a bad position in Portugal , to his resources in Spain , until it shall be his convenience , with increased numbers , and at a more favourable season , to return ? Our past and present circumstances have been compared ; that is , our situation now in the Peninsula , to what it was in 1808 Where are the Spanish armies of that year ? Are they not defeated and dispersed ? In whose hands are the fortresses then occupied by the Spaniards ? Are they not principally in the hands of the enemy ? We have reason now to exult , but at what ? That the enemy has not hitherto succeeded in expelling us from Portugal ! Our success `` has this extent , no more ! '' But from our present rejoicings , one might be disposed to infer , that we bad expected annihilation . Why , in 1809 , did Buonaparté withdraw himself and his guards from Spain ? Was it not to defeat Austria ? And did he not gloriously accomplish the object . Why has the war so long , lingered in the Peninsula . ' Because he has had other views . Is he not now prepared to enter into another continental war , and in another quarter ' of Europe , should circumstances 541 render it necessary ? I am sorry to perceive an anxiety in this country for such a war . We seem alike ignorant of the strength and situation of the enemy , and indifferent to the fate of other nations , eager for revenge we cry for blood , reckless of the consequences ! It has often been our policy to excite the continent to war ; and when the misfortunes of our allies , possibly our neglect , had separated us , we have immediately had recourse to an envenomed illiberal abuse , —proving ourselves no less powerful in enmity , than unserviceable in friendship . How cruelly have not the Russians been aspersed , against whom the pen even of the learned and the wise , has , with little justice and Jess charity , been directed ; whose very virtues , with a shameless ingratitude , have been represented as vices ? Having ourselves , in 1807 , been mere spectators of the scene , we have since dared to question that merit , which even our common enemy has acknowledged ; I say our common enemy , for France is still in heart the enemy of Russia , Should the emperor Alexander be so ill advised as to break with France at this moment , what are likely to be our occupations ? If we do not materially change our system , we shall perhaps advance a little further into the Peninsula , still with an inadequate force . We shall subsidize Russia , if she will deign to accept ; and provided no hitherto undiscovered rock , or petty island , attracts our notice , we may send to some point of the continent , far distant from the scene of action , and late in the war , a corps unequal to effectual impression , but just sufficient to encourage the deluded people , ( naturally discontented with the tyranny under which they exist ) , to rise in arms ; and , having elated them by our presence , abandon them to their fate , after having exhausted their country , and exposed them to the chastisement of an irritated master . How have you been hitherto waging war against Buonaparté ? By exhausting your treasury and discouraging even your own people , by repeated continental failures , you flatter yourselves you are making a great exertion , because incurring an enormous debt , but while , doubtless , you are succeeding in this , do you thereby advance one inch toward limiting the power of France , which , if suffered to acquire strength in the rapid