fresh tortures . He really did not believe that in the description the poets gave of hell , there were any tortures equal to what was called a military punishment . He believed the principal part of the complaints of the soldiers , and of the reasons for which they were flogged , was , that they were often dissatisfied with the manner in which their pay and what was called necessaries were furnished . [ The hon . baronet here read an extract from a work of Major James , intitled the `` Regimental Companion , '' in support of his opinion , that such was the general cause of discontents in the army , and military punishments . ] He had often thought , that if instead of nothing but punishment for offences however slight , soldiers could stand before a court-martial to determine what rewards , what honours or what increase of pay they were entitled to for gallant services , the army would get on much better . At present , the system pursued was degrading to the whole army , to the officers who ordered and witnessed the punishment , as well as to those who were condemned to endure it . The gentlemen of this country were thus exposed to witness what no other gentlemen in Europe were obliged to see . These severe punishments were not inflicted for serious offences only , but on the most trifling matters of regulation in the regiment . There was nothing so trivial , either in dress or equipment , for which a soldier might not be flogged . When the number of desertions which took place every year was considered , and the punishments which might be inflicted for such desertions , he calculated that five millions of lashes might be annually inflicted on this account ; for he must always calculate every lash given with a cat-o'-nine-tails as nine lashes . We often heard of how many strokes a minute was given by a steam-engine , but the flogging system would far exceed , in this respect , any powers of the steam-engine . It was the opinion of almost every experienced officer , that no regiment , or no soldier , was ever corrected by those military punishments . The men who suffered the punishments were , in a manner , driven from their rank in existence , and afterwards appeared heart-broken , and ashamed to look their comrades in the face . The House had lately expressed its sympathy 704 for the sufferings of West India slates , but there was nothing in the West Indies which could , be at all compared for cruelty , with the manner in which English soldiers were flogged . How painful it must be to their feelings when they marched against an enemy whom they knew was never flogged , to think of their own discoloured shoulders , and dishonoured carcases ? It was melancholy for them to recollect , that if their bodies should be found upon the field of honour , although their breasts might be pierced with glorious wounds , their backs would exhibit the cruel marks of disgrace . It was no honour for any man to command persons liable to be flogged , as it was no honour to command galley slaves . The hon . baronet here read a letter from-sir Robert Wilson , wherein he stated , `` that he had the mortification to hear a Russian minister tell the emperor , that nothing was finer than to see an English regiment on parade , but that nothing was more disgusting than to see their camp in the morning , and witness the cruel and inhuman punishments that were constantly inflicted there . '' Mr. Drakard , who was now suffering in Lincoln jail , had , in fact , very much libelled the Russian nation , when he stated that they had copied the barbarity of oar military punishments . British officers , however , found that they could discipline the people of other countries without resorting to the cat-o'-ninetails . The Portuguese were allowed to have arrived