like conspiracy existed in the whole affair , it was certainly manifested in the attempt of the right hon . gent . opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) to suppress the note of that person.—He now came to the consideration of how far the duke of York stood criminated by the proceedings of the House . The House was certainly satisfied with agreeing in a vote in the case of his royal highness , which they would not , perhaps , have considered as sufficient , had the individual accused been of less exalted rank in the country . With that vote on their Journals , however , it seemed to him impossible , that with any regard to consistency , the House could refrain , when the subject was again brought under their consideration , from expressing a consonant opinion . In fact , the strongest things against his royal highness had been uttered by those who professed themselves to be his friends . An hon . gent . near him had stated that the duke of York , when he enjoyed the high office of Commander-in-Chief , was placed in a situation of great pecuniary distress . It would appear from , him , that he was some what in the situation of the needy man in the tragedy of Douglas , 'Who has seen better days ; One whom distress has spited with the world . Whom tempting fiends would pitch upon To do such deeds as make the prosperous man . Hold up his hands , and wonder ; And such a man was I— —And such a man was the duke of York.—Another honourable member had also said that his royal highness did not participate in the corruptions of which he was accused , but that he only winked at them . Did he wink at them ? How then could the honourable member , and those who thought with him , consent to give their vote against the motion of the noble lord ? Much had been said of the changes that had taken place since the investigation . It was true that 'tempora mutantur ' , but 503 nothing else was changed.—An hon . gent , thereon had stated the House to have been led away by a popular delusion , and expressed himself glad of an opportunity of shewing his contrition . For his part , he could feel no contrition for the part which he had formerly taken : he could see nothing to repent of . He thought his royal highness had beet dealt with as leniently as possible . It was no doubt improper to be led away by popular opinion from the sound part which every man was bound to take—and there were cases when it might be proper to resist the Civium ardor prava jubentium ; ' but it ought to be `` hewn that the objects here wished for by the public were prava . Public opinion , in his opinion , was by no means to be despised ; and those who had the management of public affairs would find the public opinion no small assistance to them . However , if he had allowed himself to have been led away by this public opinion from expressing the dictates of his own mind , he should indeed think himself bound to express his contrition at present . Neither could he agree that the case of the duke of York had been one of peculiar hardship . The duke of Cumberland , by way of distinction termed the Great , although he had suppressed a rebellion , and rendered other eminent services to the state , was , nevertheless , by the operation of a mere misfortune , removed from the chief command of the army , in which situation it was not thought fit to replace him at any future period . Although he was not inclined to press this argument , yet it appeared to him to be very doubtful , how far the appointment of an individual of such illustrious rank to the office of Commander in Chief might not be