the operation of the Bill would be such , that the Irish soldier would be in the same situation in this country as in Ireland . inquired whether they were to be at liberty in religious affairs , from privilege , or from indulgence , as there was a material difference between privilege to which they had a right , and indulgence bestowed at pleasure ? said , whether it was derived from privilege , from indulgence , or from right , they would be the same as in Ireland . contended that the adoption of the measure would be a breach of faith . If the Militia had answered the end for which it was formed , it would now be better to put an end to it than to make the proposed arrangement . For his part , he would rather make a campaign or two in Spain or Portugal , than go to Ireland ; 296 as in the former case he might be of some service , in the latter none . addressed their lordships on the subject of the recent vote of the House of Commons , in favour of Mr. Palmer . He expressed his satisfaction at the notice taken by noble lords of the subject on a former evening ; and he disapproved of such a proceeding on the part of the other House , after the question had been fully discussed , and decided in the negative by their lordships . He thought it preferable that no proposition should be made in that House , in consequence , but that they should wait until the answer of his royal highness the Prince Regent upon the occasion should be known . He , for one , as a member of his Majesty 's government , or an adviser of his royal highness , should not recommend to him to sanction or authorize the grant of money for satisfying a claim which their lordships ' House had decided to be unfounded . expressed his satisfaction at what had fallen from the noble secretary of state . , pursuant to notice , rose , to move the second reading of the Bills brought up from the Commons , and proposed by sir Samuel Romilly , for repealing the capital punishments annexed to the offences of stealing in dwelling-houses and shops , beyond a certain amount ; stealing on Navigable Canals ; and in bleaching grounds in Great Britain and Ireland . He first stated the origin and nature of the acts which rendered the offences in question capitally punishable . These enactments took place in the reign of William the third , and of queen Anne ; and he adverted to the very different nature of the existing laws of England , from what they were at those particular periods : and also of the very material difference in the value of money . It was judged , under the circumstances of those days , advisable to punish these offences in the most compendious , though not the most efficacious , way they could devise , namely , by the dreadful punishment of death . The Bills under consideration , though evidently for 297 one general object , did not exactly rest upon the same grounds . Those which related to the depredations committed in bleaching grounds , proceeded exactly on the same principle , and were more particularly entitled to the attention of the House as the very individuals whose properties were concerned , in both parts of the united kingdom , had come forward , and requested the legislature to new-model the law , as , from the effect of its extreme severity , their properties were the more exposed in consequence of the very great uncertainty of punishment . Thus , the persons the most interested had clearly expressed their sentiments . In point of principle and object the Bills were the same . From the extreme rigour of the existing laws , the actual punishment of offenders became very uncertain ; and thus , instead of restraining the commission of offences , they were in effect multiplied . This was incontrovertibly