hon . Treasurer of the Navy to shew the rectitude should establish the turpitude of the proctor 's office . `` I suspect , '' says the right hon . gentleman , `` from the amount of the item of 462l . not agreeing with the total of the King 's Proctor 's bills from No . 1 to 19 , that some charges of the actuary are included ; the paper No . 5 will obtain an answer , which will explain that point . '' Now , Sir , where is the answer of the agent ? Why has the right hon . gentleman not printed the reply of Messrs. Cook and Halford ? Surely had the right hon . Treasurer had the least suspicion that the sum deficient was a bribe , the customary bribe to the Proctor 's clerks , he would not have contented himself with asking after it in the ambiguous postscript affixed to paper No . 5 , in which he says , `` In the account above mentioned there is an item of charge at the Commons , & c. of 462l . 17s . 2d . I am desirous of knowing whether in that amount the actuary 's bill at Yarmouth is included , and if so , I request you will have the goodness to furnish me with the particulars . '' Why `` if so ? '' is that a specimen of the official accuracy of which the right hon . gentleman boasts ? Is there an instance in which he is enabled to state with confidence that the interests of the navy are best protected by being in the King 's Proctor 's care ? trust that the right hon . gentleman will be able to give a satisfactory account to the House why he qualified his interrogatory , and omitted Cook and Halford 's reply . But perhaps those gentlemen took the hint that , if they could not answer satisfactorily they were to remain silent . Surely such a mode of investigation can not accord with the views of the right hon . gentleman , nor can it be satisfactory to any impartial mind ; I do not blame Messrs. Cook and Halford , for adopting ' this mode of promoting the interest of their clients , for whilst one proctor shall manage the whole concerns of the navy by means of clerks , it would appear to be the only means of securing that which by the laws of war ought to be their property ; In a case of the Lapwings , a bonus of 500 ; guineas was presented to the chief clerk , and the ship which the procurator was 991 about to have released was , after the application of the stimulus , actually condemned . The bill of the Two Sisters also affords a proof of the practice . Not contented with defending the procurator , which in my opinion is no light task , the right hon . gentleman advocates the case of all the law officers of the crown , whose charges , he tells us he has not had any occasion to disapprove of . Is the Attorney General one of these law officers ? Let me ask that learned gentleman opposite , whether he does or does not receive twenty two guineas out of the pockets of the navy for every cause that comes before the court of appeals . Notwithstanding that , he has attended but once there since the court commenced sitting in November ! If I am incorrect he will say so : Is this one of the law charges which the treasurer has no occasion to disapprove of ? And does he think it right that the procurator , the boasted guardian of the interests of the navy , should not only pay the Attorney General for staying away , but fee another for coming to court , and performing his duty . I need not waste the time of the House in shewing all the contradictions and absurdities which this letter to captain Mason contains—In one sentence we are told ,