candour of the right hon . gent . to say , whether it had any such effect ? Did not the right hon . gent. , in introducing this measure to the House , frankly avow that he made it as a mere experiment to suppress illicit distillation ( Here Mr. Foster signified his assent ) ; and had not that experiment totally failed ? And after it had failed , would the right hon . gent . blindly go on in adhering to a plan which had not only failed of its professed object , but had proved equally injurious to the morals and revenue of the country ? ( Hear , hear . ) If , however , the right hon . gent . would persist , he ( Mr. Shaw ) would not go along with him , believing , as he did , that by resorting to a system of equitable taxation , fairly apportioned between the two trades that deserved of that House every encouragement—he meant the brewer and the distiller , there might be raised upon both , without oppressing either , such a revenue as might fully answer the supplies of the country , without resorting to any further local taxation whatever . This , however , he might say as to the principle he had been recommending , that it had received every sanction from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for England , who had laid it down as a great rule for imposing taxes of this kind , that the morals of the people constituted the first consideration ; this he had said theday before yesterday , and he trusted it had the due impression upon the finance minister for Ireland.—With respect to the merits of the question , whether the reduction had or had not been productive of the mischiefs attributed to it , and whether it bad or had not altogether failed , were questions which be should leave to be decided by the testimony of those facts which were already authenticated upon the table of the House . The first fact , as to the failure of the experiment , was , that no stills had taken out licences in the district where illicit distillation was known to abound , and that little 179 or no spirits had been transmitted into those districts from the licensed distilleries in the other parts of the country . The other statement went to prove the alarming increase of disease , owing to the intemperate use of ardent spirits in consequence of its cheapness . Here Mr. Shaw read the monthly reports of various Hospitals in Dublin , and other parts of Ireland , where it appeared that the increase of the numbers of sick admitted , and the number of deaths in consequence of excessive intoxication , had gone on in such a progressive state of increase , that the number of sick had doubled , and that of the deaths had trebled , within a very limited period . Upon the whole , as the reduction had not , nor in his opinion could not , do what it professed to do , —but as it had already done much to impair the revenue of Ireland , to injure the health and vitiate the morals of the Irish people , the motion for sending it to a Committee should have his cordial support . agreed in the practice of the principle laid down by both the hon . gentlemen who preceded him . He should be ashamed to hold his office one hour for the purpose of raising a revenue at the expence of the morals of the Irish people . The hon . gentleman who spoke last had said , that the reduction was a mere experiment to put down illicit distillation . Certainly that had been its principal object—and an object in the endeavour to effect which he had all these gentlemen with him . Illicit distillation was the great evil , and the higher the duty on the spirits , the greater the premium to the illicit distiller . He had proposed a