at which the transfers among bankers were made , afforded evidence of this , and the late practice of the Bank of discrediting bills had the same effect in lessening the sum required in circulation . A challenge had been given to his hon . and learned friend to adduce proof of any rise in prices corresponding to the alledged excess of paper , and certainly he fully agreed that if no such rise could be exemplified , that excess could not have taken place . But , as far as his infortion and judgment went , there could not exist a doubt that there was correspondence between them , and that the rise of prices had really gone farther than could be ascribed exclusively to the depreciation of the currency . His learned friend had , in his able speech , particularly referred to the rise of corn , unquestionably the criterion most favourable to his opponents , and had shewn the rise to be in the proportion of 7 to 11 . Assuming the scale furnished by the tables of sir G. Shuckburgh , he calculated the proportion to be about 531 to 238.—The right hon . gent . 138 had referred to the expences of Greenwich Hospital , and in his opinion that was a document well worth producing . He had seen , in one ingenious pamphlet , a scale of prices , in which it was attempted to shew that there had been no sensible rise . On looking into it , however , he perceived that the writer had , with the exception of tin and indigo , confined himself to articles of colonial produce . The hon . gent . then alluded to the neighbouring countries of Austria , Russia and Sweden , which ought to be a lesson to us . It had been said , that the exchange was affected by the present interruption to commerce ; but the truth was . that our commerce , in spite of Buonaparte 's decrees , had extended beyond what it had ever been at any antecedent period . In 1809 the exports increased from 11 to 23 millions , and this year the exports could not be less than 19 or 20 millions . The deranged state of the exchange could not therefore be owing to the state of the foreign markets . On one article alone , cotton , the rise was from 9 to 18 millions . A derangement had been talked of as likely to result by leaving the restriction system . It was said we could not carry on war . How had war been carried on for the last 14 or 15 years ? Not , surely , from a paper system , but from a surplus produce , and our manufactures ; so much the greater our produce than what was consumed by ourselves , we had the greater fund left for war . With respect to the interest of the sum due by the public to the Bank , 150,000l . ; of that interest 100,000l . might be considered as compensated by the profits made by the Bank in managing government money in their hands . The Bank restriction might have produced good to this country in some such way as the mines of the new world were said , by Mr. Hume , to have benefited Spain at first ; but the period was now past , and we were called on to slop . This might be carried too far , as in the human body , when a man rouzed himself to extraordinary exertions , those exertions would be succeeded by lassitude . The depreciation really began in 1797 , and if the course of exchange had been sometimes since that period favourable , it was entirely owing to our balance of commerce . We had never mistaken the nature of the depreciation of the currency of our colonies : why , then , should we deal a gentler measure to ourselves than we had dealt out to them ? All the banks that had 139 followed the system of the Bank