yearly payments , he would receive only gold or paper estimated by the price of gold in the market . This notice , whether intentionally or otherwise he did not presume to determine , was not declared , till the time when it was well known that Parliament was on the point of separating . He did not mean to insinuate that the noble lord was actuated with any other views than such as became his rank and station in society . He did not wish to attribute any improper motives in supposing him to be influenced by his own theories on the subject , and a desire of enforcing them by practical examples . The impression on his mind when he first heard of the circumstance , which was before it was mentioned in Parliament , was that it did not of itself call for any legislative interference to guard against any consequences which it might occasion . He was then persuaded , that a system which had so long existed , and under which the country had so long prospered , might safely be left to stand upon its own merits , and to support its character without the aid of any parliamentary enactment . He felt , indeed , that the conduct of the noble lord was certainly productive of some alarm , but not of a size or nature to alter his opinion , until he found to his surprize , that instead of being discountenanced and condemned by all those whose opinions 885 would have been likely to have an effect on that noble lord , it was defended and extolled as just , and even as patriotic . He had conceived , that the noble lord , finding no encouragement from the opinions , any more than from the conduct of his friends , would have at length seen the propriety of desisting from his purpose . It was probable , he thought , that when the noble lord reflected that those whose conduct had previously resembled his own , were exclusively pedlars , and Jews , and smugglers , he would not persevere . When he found , however , to his astonishment that he was deceived in this expectation , that the direct contrary was the case , that the noble lord 's friends , his advocates , and his panegyrists , were among those who had a great lead and influence , although not so great perhaps as they imagined ; then it was that he felt convinced of the expediency , and of the necessity of taking some step before the prorogation of Parliament , to prevent the effect which such doctrines and examples , proceeding from such high quarters , might produce on the community at large . No doubt the noble lord himself thought he was acting a most admirable part , and one that reflected on him the highest credit , but at the same time he would declare that he could conceive no act whatever , that in proportion to the limited sphere of an individual was calculated to produce such formidable effects against the interests of society , as that of the noble lord which had imposed on them the necessity of adopting the present Bill.—He had now stated the reasons which had induced ministers to decline pressing any measure of this description , and , he trusted , sufficiently proved the injustice of the reproaches which had been urged against them on this account . It had appeared to him impossible , that the old adherents of Mr. Pitt , and those who had approved of the Restriction in 1797 , could oppose a measure formed on the same principle , and rendered necessary by similar causes of a more extended operation ; or that the supporters of Mr. Fox , on the other hand , could disapprove of a Bill , the professed object of which was to prevent what they so much deprecated , the establishment of two prices . Those who had maintained the opinions of the Bullion Committee , and in particular he wished to allude to the hon .