said , notwithstanding the very able manner in which the noble lord who had just sat down had defended his `` For all contracts made before any depreciation had taken place , it will of course require the weight of 100 guineas in standard gold to discharge a demand for 100 guineas ; but if , instead of standard bullion , a preference , for the sake of convenience , is given to Portugal gold coins ( which , as an article of commerce in demand , are more valuable ) , an allowance may be made in proportion to their superior price in the market , requiring the weight of 98 guineas in such coin for 100 guineas due . '' Since the restriction on cash payments in 1797 , the natural check and safeguard against excessive issues of paper-currency has been removed ; and it is confessed , that the Bank has not been guided in regulating the amount of their notes either by the price of gold bullion , or by the state of the foreign exchanges . All paper , not convertible into gold on demand , is in its nature liable to depreciation from excess , and the amount of such depreciation `` is measured by the excess of the market-price of bullion above the Mint-price . When the paper-currency is not able to purchase as much gold as it promises to pay , then in proportion to that smaller quantity which it can command at any given time is the depreciation of the paper . Since 1799 , gold bullion has progressively advanced in price , in proportion as the real value of the note ( by which the gold has been purchased ) has declined . `` The alteration of the intrinsic value of the currency has been so considerable , that it is become necessary , for the just and equitable liquidation of contracts made prior to the depreciation of the currency , or at any time during the progress of that depreciation , to ascertain the real intrinsic value of the common currency in which all contracts have been estimated , at the date of each respective agreement . For this purpose , it must be ascertained what quantity of standard gold any given sum of the common currency was able to command at the date of the agreement ; and the payment of the same quantity of gold , or the value of that quantity , will be the equitable fulfilment of the contract , according to the intent and meaning of the parties . A payment in paper-money of inferior value is a payment in name only 808 conduct , he would still maintain , that the measure which he was now about to adopt would be mischievous to the country , and and not in reality ; a payment in good and lawful money , according to the letter , may be a payment of more than was intended by the spirit of the contract . `` It has been said , that no contracts since 1797 could have been expected to be paid in gold . If such contracts stipulate for payment in gold , they are nevertheless binding on the parties , and any modification must be considered as an act of favour and concession . Such contracts ought , on every principle of justice , to be fulfilled according to their spirit and meaning . The restriction act at first was expressly stated to be only temporary ; and for ten years , there was no important depreciation : it was not before 1808 that any serious injury was sustained . The hope that the currency would be restored to its former value , might have induced many persons to submit to a loss of five or six per cent . ; but are there no limits to the endurance of an injury , and is the patient acquiescence for so long a time to be now urged as a conclusive reason against all future attempts to resist a manifest fraud and public injustice ? `` It appears , that any considerable increase of the