the express purpose they had in contemplation , and on this express ground it was that he would resist the application . He wished to see at least one colony dependant on the legislation of the empire . In support of the application , no implied hope or engagement could be adduced . It seemed to have been the original design and purpose of the British government to make a new experiment in the island of Trinidad , and to enquire , previous to the happy abolition of the slave trade , into the practicability of preserving it free from that pollution , in order to furnish the means of a practical examination of the advantages of the plan . The colony was therefore an exception to all the principles on which the constitution of the other islands was founded . The hon . gentleman had ingeniously said , will you , when you have admitted every other member of the colonial family into a participation of your constitution , reject and banish Trinidad alone ? Is Trinidad alone to be treated as an illegitimate and abortive offspring ? But he must remark , that Trinidad , when received into this family , was admitted upon a clear understanding , and was perfectly apprised of the conditions of that reception . So little acquainted with Spanish laws as the House appeared to be , he thought it would be a most precipitate conduct if they were at once to abrogate them in a society like that of which a West India island was composed . There was one law in that code which for humanity toward the slaves . 622 and feeling for their security as well as instruction , it was well known was quite unimitated by any provisions of our own colonial legislatures . It would not however , be by any means impossible or difficult to appoint a committee to revise the Spanish laws , and expunge such particulars as might seem flagrantly irreconcilable with the universal principles of British legislation . This he confessed was the whole extent to which he could permit himself to go . Upon the fullest consideration which he had been able to pay to the question , he felt in the highest degree averse to add Trinidad to the number of those islands where the introduction of every plan for ameliorating the condition of the slaves was uniformly opposed . said a few words in sup port of the motion . enforced many of the arguments of the preceding speakers , and dwelt strongly on the advantages of religious instruction on the minds of the slave population in the West India islands . He complained of the assembly of Jamaica , who , he stated , interdicted and punished the Methodist missionaries , and concluded by praising the talents and exertions of Mr. Smith , and commending the zeal and attention of ministers to the abolition of the slave trade . observed , that Great Britain , though unwilling to deprive boroughs of their charters , sometimes found it necessary to resort to that measure . Why should not the island of Nevis , for instance , not be deprived of its charter as well as a borough in the county of Sussex . in reply , defended the conduct of West Indian juries . In the island in which he had resided ten years , he had been concerned only in three actions , and two of those actions were brought b himself , one against the governor , and the other against the chief justice of the island , and to the honour of West Indian juries he had obtained , in both cases , verdicts in his favour . At present in Trnidad , small causes were decided speedily enough ; but of 1,200 causes of importance not 20 had been tried by judge Smith . The sums at issue were placed in the hands of a depository , and could never be got out again . Of one cause in particular out of so large a sum as 200,000l not above 4,000l . could be recovered .