navy . A noble lord had stated that 5 millions annually might be saved to the public with respect to prizes . He would assert , that one thousand pounds could not be saved ; and he would defy the noble lord to put his statement on paper in such a manner as would convince one human being . rose to make his promised motion for the production of the criminal informations against Mr. John Drakard and Mr. John Collyer for libels , and he was happy that at length he was enabled to 597 do so while the Attorney-General was in his place . The sentence that had been passed upon those persons appeared to him to be of a most cruel and severe kind ; and he would shortly state the circumstances of the prosecutions to the House , which he thought would abundantly prove that he was correct in his designation of the punishment . The libel for which Mr. Drakard had been prosecuted appeared first in his own paper , The Stamford News , from which it had been copied into a London newspaper , the Examiner . Against the editor of this latter paper a criminal information had been filed by the Attorney-General . The matter came on for trial at Westminster Hall , and the accused had been acquitted by the jury . It was not his intention to go into the details of the prosecution against Mr. Drakard at the present time ; but from the complaints that had been made , that there were persons who wished to overturn all establishments , and especially the judicial establishment , he should have thought it politic not to try a man for such an undefined offence as that of libel , when another who had published the same libel had been acquitted . These , however , it appeared , were motives which did not actuate the law officers of the crown , and Mr. Drakard was tried at the assizes and found guilty . At the trial he had been charged not only by the lawyers against him , but by the judge on the bench , with partiality to France , and a desire of exalting the advantages of the government of that country , in comparison with that of England , When Mr. Drakard was brought up for judgment , therefore he produced an affidavit , containing various extracts from his paper , disproving in the most convincing manner this charge ; and shewing , that so far from being actuated by any favour to the government of France , he had on many occasions written with the utmost earnestness against the mode of government which prevailed in that country . It was most extraordinary however , that these extracts , which were a complete answer to charges alledged at the trial as an aggravation of the libel , should at the time of pronouncing sentence be held out as an aggravation—and that all the advantage Mr. Drakard derived from having refuted the charge of partiality to France was , to be told that it was no excuse for a libel against the government of this country , to have libelled that of France . The sentence of Mr. Drakard was , that he 598 should be imprisoned 18 months , fined 200l . and give security for his good behaviour for three years . He would not at present consider the nature of the libel , or whether the punishment was at all proportioned to the offence ; but he would take in this light—was it fitting to subject . one man to so very severe a punishment for an offence of which another , who had published the same libel , had been acquitted by a jury of his countrymen ? The criminality of a libel , it was said , consisted in its tendency to produce a breach of the peace . One jury had pronounced that the publication in question had no such tendency , —another jury had decided that it had ; but when opinions were so nearly balanced , it was too much , he