the principle of which may again , at no distant period , occupy the attention of parliament , not only as applying to Great Britain , but to Ireland . In arguing this question , I shall endeavour to conform to the suggestion of an honourable and learned member ( Mr. Brougham ) , by confining myself to the immediate subject of the bill itself , abstaining as much as possible from a renewal of those general discussions on the state of our currency , which have so recently taken place . The view I take of this measure must necessarily be founded on the principles I then endeavoured to maintain , and , in founding myself upon those principles , I can not expect that I shall work conviction on the minds of those , to whom I have been hitherto opposed ; but as my object is rather to consider , with the House at large what , course it is fitting parliament should now take , and as I shall have occasion to assume but little in argument , which does not rest upon the collective judgment of the House already expressed , either legislatively , or by its resolutions , I think I shall best consult the convenience of the House by pursuing this course . I shall begin by drawing the attention of the House to the state of the law as it now stands between debtor and creditor , including the case as between landlord and tenant , for which the present bill goes to make a special provision . It is quite clear , the standard coin of the realm being the only legal tender , that , whether for rent , or for any other legal demand , the creditor is not bound to accept bank-notes , in satisfaction of his debt ; and that , unless the debtor can procure coin , with the single exception of the protection against arrest by mesne process , afforded by the act of 1797 , the creditor remains in full possession of all his legal remedies against the goods and property of his debtor , and ultimately against his person . Under these powers it is competent for a landlord to distrain for rent , and to cause the goods of his tenant to be sold . It is also competent for him ; in case of non-payment of rent due , to bring an ejectment for the recovery of the possession . 946 In the case of a simple debtor , although the person of the debtor has obtained a qualified protection against a summary arrest , the process against the property may be proceeded in to execution , and the whole be consigned to the sheriff for sale , if the plaintiff shall not prefer imprisoning the person of the defendant , till the debt is discharged . But here a new difficulty occurs : when the sale takes place , is the sheriff to make sale of the property for coin only , or is he to take bank-notes , as has been hitherto practised ? In the former case , it is obvious , a sale , for any thing like value , in the present scarcity of guineas , is impracticable . To proceed to sell by auction under such circumstances , would be , in truth , to give the property almost for nothing , to the person who accidentally had , at the moment , the means of collecting coin to bid for the goods ; in the latter case , the sheriff would be no more capable , after the sale was effected , of satisfying the creditor with the proceeds , thus taken in Bank notes , than the debtor , the owner of the goods , originally was . The sheriff , under these circumstances , acting at his peril , and liable to action if he errs , must consider what directions the court would give on the trial of such an action . A court of common law , I apprehend , as the law now stands , could neither take upon