was now inclined to vote for the motion which went to support that grant . It did not signify , however , what might have been his individual opinion on a former occasion , that opinion the House had over-ruled , and he considered himself bound by the decision of the majority . In exactly the same situation as now did he stand the last session . He was determined to vote for the present motion . On the Address , the simple address of that House , the King had paid the debts of the earl of Chatham . It was a notorious fact that the address of the House of Commons , or their vote , was always considered decisive on money questions . Did the Exchequer ever wait for any thing else ? Did they ever wait for an act of appropriation ? Even in the loan , where all a man was worth in the world was concerned , they never scrupled to act on the mere Resolution of the House of Commons . As to what had been said with respect to the issue of small sums by the House of Lords , no doubt it was the case . But was it not also the fact , that the moment these sums were voted by the House of Lords , they were provided for by a vote of the Committee of Supply of the House of Commons , and to this vote the Exchequer paid respect ? He must contend , after all that had been said upon the subject , that there was no parliamentary ground for supposing that any difference of opinion existed between the Houses of Lords and Commons . It was certainly true that the grant of this money had been formerly voted by the House of Commons , and rejected by the Lords . It ought to be remembered now , however , that it was three sessions since the Lords had rejected this grant , and the Commons had no right to suppose that they might not have changed their sentiments . It was an established and acknowledged principle , that the House of Commons was the guardian of the public purse—the sole dispenser of the public money . In his opinion , if they submitted to the answer of the right hon . gentleman ( for he should not call it the Answer of the Prince Regent ) , they would 355 at once relinquish this constitutional privilege . There could not , in his mind , be a stronger case made out than the present . If they now conceded , it would be in short doing nothing less than inviting the House of Lords to dispute their privileges . When those privileges were disputed , then would be the time to defend them . At present , he should content himself by giving his assent to the motion . thought there was no question about the power possessed by that House , of originating grants , or the power of the Crown in relying upon that House for aid , or of the principle of any of the Addresses to the Crown . The question more immediately for the House to consider was , whether they having come to a Resolution to address the Crown , and the Address being carried up , it was not the duty of the minister to advise the answer ; and whether , having so advised , there was any thing in that answer which could be construed into a breach of the constitution . What was desired by the hon . mover ? Why that the House should pause . Was there any thing unconstitutional in that ? The right hon . baronet then took a view of the rise and progress of Addresses , which , in some instances , he observed , had been carried a little further than strict principle could warrant . In many instances the crown had exercised its own discretion against the advice of the ministers . In those times , which by some would be considered not the worst , when