the House . The Resolution of the right hon . gent , opposite , ( Mr. Bathurst ) he looked upon as the most severe of all ; and he thought it a considerable aberration on the part of that right hon . gent , ( without meaning offence ) , with his acute and practical mind , to suppose that such a Resolution could remain a single day on their Journals without its producing the effect of having the duke of York driven in disgrace from his office . Yet that Resolution had been rejected , and the right hon . gent , himself had denied that any such effect was intended by him . Some hon . gentlemen , from the manner in which they had argued this motion , seemed to think themselves at liberty to go into the larger question , as to the propriety of appointing a prince of the blood to any office of responsibility . The question was large , but he would not consent to decide it in the person of the duke of York He had before stated , and should then repeat , that a deliberative opinion of the army ought not to be considered by that House : not that he valued the opinion of such an army as we had less than other gentlemen ; but that to suffer them to influence the deliberations of that House would be to endanger the constitution . He should oppose the motion on the grounds that the duke of York was as eligible to the office of Commander in Chief as any other subject—that he was peculiarly fitted for that office—that a vacancy had occurred previous to his appointment—that there was nothing in the recorded opinion of that House to shew that be might not hold that office—and that there was much in the proceedings on the former occasion to shew that it had been the wish of the House to guard against such a construction . He should , therefore , oppose the motion . observed , that it was not his 509 intention to have said a word upon this question , if it had not been for the allusions which had been made to transactions subsequent to the investigation , and in consequence of the particular and personal call which had been made upon him by an hon . gent , opposite , ( Mr. M. Sutton ) . A right hon . member had alluded to certain expressions which had been made use of by the chief justice of the King 's Bench in one of the trials which had taken place before him . He admitted that the words quoted might have been used ; but he would inform that right hon . gent. , that the Chief Justice had held opinions in the course of that trial which he afterwards abandoned . The learned judge would at first not allow any allusions to what had taken place in that House , yet subsequently , in his charge to the jury , had himself alluded to what he supposed to have fallen from him ( Mr. Wardle ) in that House , which upon a reference to the evidence would be found not to have been said by him . On the trial of Mr. Cobbett afterwards , that learned judge would not allow of any allusion to be made to what passed in that House ; and Mr. Cobbett , when making it , had been stopped in his defence . Much had been said with regard to a witness who had been examined on the investigation , as to her having been bribed to give testimony which she afterwards contradicted on her oath : but at the time when she was giving such contradiction , she was a rich pensioner of 400l . per annum , besides having also received a very considerable sum of money ; and it was for those who gave her that pension , and that considerable sum of money , to state for what services they had been given to her . With respect to another witness who had