immediate relief to the feelings of the House ) of encouraging expectations , which must inevitably lead to the disappointment of those , whose existing distresses were already but too apparent ? strongly recommended the appointment of a Committee , to take into consideration the melancholy case of the Petitioners . He conceived it possible , that without consuming much time , such a Committee might discover some mode of affording relief , and he declared that the happiest day of his life would be that in which he should join in such a labour . Many of the persons who were now suffering such distress , would soon , he feared , be employed by the rivals of Great Britain ; for it was not to be expected that they could long endure the privations to which they were at present subject , without an attempt to obtain relief ; and it was evident that Buonaparté and those who were at the head of other countries , anxious to emulate Great Britain in manufactures , would do all they could to induce our manufacturers to emigrate to those countries . If their miseries could be alleviated by the application from the public purse of a sum of money , however moderate , it might enable them to struggle with misfortune , and would at least afford them time to ascertain whether they must be compelled to betake themselves to other occupations , or whether it was probable that their own trade would so far revive as to afford them the means of support . thought it was too hard upon those who were for the appointment of a Committee , to point out the mode by which the Petitioners might be relieved . This must be the result of an examination . Unquestionably several ideas on this sub- 433 ject had occurred to his mind , although he should be sorry then to throw them out , as if afterwards they should be found impracticable , the mention of them at that moment would but embitter disappointment . There was one consideration , however , which , in his opinion , the House would do well to entertain , and that was , whether if , on a minute investigation , it should be declared by the Committee that no relief could be afforded , such a declaration would not be received by the Petitioners with more temper and moderation than any immediate and peremptory negative to enter at all into an examination of their grievances . declared that what the right hon . gent . had said was decisive upon the subject . His right hon . friend had stated , that if a single individual intimated that he conceived relief could be afforded to the petitioners , he should have no objection to the appointment of a Committee . The right hon . gent . opposite having said that several modes by which relief might possibly be afforded had occurred to his mind , he trusted therefore , that there would be but one opinion in the House on the propriety of appointing a Committee . Still , however , he wished to make two or three observations on the subject : a representation similar to the present had been referred to a select Committee three years ago . That Committee had been very constantly and very numerously attended . The subject had undergone the most patient discussion , and the result was , that the Committee were unanimously of opinion that nothing could be done for the persons aggrieved . No one , not even those who resided in the immediate neighbourhood of the petitioners , could be more convinced of their distress than he was . For four or five years he had held a correspondence with them and he had always cautioned them against cherishing the expectation of legislative assistance . The hon . bart , talked of granting them a sum of money . A similar recommendation had been made to him by one of the deputies of the petitioners , with whom he had lately had a conference.—That person mentioned a hundred