to ministers the great value of a reinforcement , even of 5,000 men , for on the arrival of a force to that amount , in March last , he was enabled to undertake the double operations to the Agueda and the Guadiana : he has also avowed , that had he received these men earlier , he would have attempted the relief of Badajos . Ministers may now indeed chaunt the praises of lord Wellington , but it is evident they did not afford him effectual support , at a most important moment , and they may be accused of having even marred his plan . We are told , that we have secured for the allies an additional year . Let us not be too sure of this : but granting it , are we to rest satisfied ? Is this the utmost of our expectations ? An additional year ! Is this the nature of the warfare which we wage r Is it for this additional year only , that , in all the `` waste of blind extravagance , '' we are squandering our treasures , and shedding the best blood of the empire ? It has been rumoured , that the Spanish Government at Cadiz does not enter cordially into lord Welington 's views . I know not how true this may be ; but of this I am confident , that , however the short-sighted politicians of Britain may consider a mere protracted contest beneficial to these islands , the Spaniards and Portuguese can not but feel that war , with such an object , must end in their general desolation—and could it but reach them , that even the minister had , in argument , seemed to limit his views only to this—there is surely no inhabitant of the Peninsula who ought not , most anxiously , to desire the speedy removal of the British army . But the folly of limiting our exertions to mere self defence must be evident . Let us recollect that we are not now at war to restore or protect any particular dynasty—to dictate a constitution to another people—nor to prevent their procuring for themselves that liberty , and those privileges , which we never should have forgotten our ancestors obtained by the sword . Of this we might have been accused in 1793 . We have since lived to see Europe in chains , and our own subjugation threatened . It is for this we arm ! The moment is then one , not suited to dilatoriness or irresolution . We must have no half measures . Let us then not lose so great an opportunity—let us rally under the impression , so eloquently and forcibly 540 expressed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that `` this enthraldom of Europe is not intended to last for ever—that possibly , in so just and great a cause , we may be pointed out , and intended by Providence , as the humble instruments of deliverance ! '' But to render , ourselves worthy of this high exaltation , we must not slumber on our posts ! Why have all our victories hitherto been so unavailing ? Because the nation has never put forth its strength . What was the result of the victories of Role and Vimiera ? The Convention of Cintra . Why ? The strength of the enemy . What of the victory of Corunna ? Embarkation . What of the victory of Talavera ? Retreat , and from apprehension as to the like , strength . What of Barrosa ? Retreat , also ! without accomplising the object of the expedition , the British not being it '' sufficient force . And even now , when we think ourselves so successful , will lord Wellington suffer Massena to continue in Salamanca and Leon , or the other French armies in Andalusia ? Supposing them to retire , and unite , has he strength prudently to venture into the heart of Spain , and to clear that country of an enemy , whom we scoff at , as discomfited and