the manner in which the Catholics would act , in order to accomplish the designs imputed to them . Was it by force ? they could now resort to that as well as if they were in full possession of the rights for which they sued ; or was it by influence , openly and legitimately exercised ? It could be exercised only in parliament ; and he would ask , whether it would not be much more than balanced , although the whole of the hundred Irish members in that House were Catholics ? or would they have recourse to intrigue and cabal to obtain their end ? 418 The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself was possessed of as much of such influence as could be employed in that way as could be ever brought to bear in the way it was apprehended , and he would appeal to him , if he were inclined to make an undue use of it , whether any attempt of the kind would not be perfectly useless ? Really , it was only necessary to state such things as those to which he had adverted , to shew their monstrous ' absurdity , and it would be matter of wonder to future ages that it was necessary for a member of the British parliament to urge them . For his part , ha should be unwilling to charge any body of men with the designs supposed to be harboured by the Catholics of Ireland , and he would take leave to say that they were as incapable of harbouring them as the Protestants of England . said , it had been asked , if this measure was extended to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , would it not be expected that it should go to the different sectaries in England also ? He did not know what was expected , but he could say that in his opinion it ought to extend to all . The right of silting in that House was all the privilege they enjoyed more than the Catholics ; and during the years he had been a member , he could not have held a situation of the most trifling kind under the crown , without transgressing the law of the land , far which he must be punished , were it not for the annual Indemnity Bill . All the evils of which we had to complain arose from the absurd notions of toleration and indulgence . He abhorred such terms . He knew of nothing but religious liberty , which was the right inherent in every man to worship God in his own mode . For this he contended , and he thought the Catholics were entitled to it as well as every other sect of Christians , as a matter of right . observed , that the hon . gent . who spoke last had revived the claim as of right which had some time ago been urged in the course of these discussions , but which had been dropped on the two last occasions when this question was agitated , and which had not been heard of to-night till introduced by the last speaker . He agreed so fully in what the right hon . gent , who spoke last but one had said respecting the length of the discussion , that he should not have offered himself to the attention of the 419 House , if he did not observe that this claim of right had been so prominently urged by the hon . gent , who had just sat down . That toleration might be claimed as a right he did not mean to dispute ; but that there would be any right to political power in consequence , was a proposition he should contend against to the utmost . Political power was not the right of an individual , it was a trust to the individual for the interests of the whole . That power , he thought , if granted , would naturally be applied to the destruction of the Established Church . He had never