the present Resolutions had been so very ably and satisfactorily-treated by the right hon . gentleman over the way ( Mr. Canning ) , as well , indeed , as by the honourable gentleman near him ; ( Mr. Huskisson ) , that he had felt little inclination to dwell upon if but he could not sit down without adverting once more to the first of the Resolutions now proposed , in which the right of the crown to vary the standard , both with and without the concurrence of parliament , seemed to be asserted . It might be true , that to the king , generally speaking , was committed the regulation of the coin of a country ; but the language which he should be disposed to use , Would be that , not of his right 93 hon . friend , but rather of Sir Thomas Rowe , at the council table of Charles I. ; —a language , indeed , in the first words of it a little resembling the Resolution on which he was animadverting , but far different in its conclusion . `` The regulating of coin , '' said Sir T. Rowe , `` hath been left to the care of princes , who have ever been presumed to be the fathers of the commonwealth . Upon their honours they are debtors and warrantees of justice to the subject in that behalf '' Dr. A. Smith had observed , that `` in every country the avarice and injustice of princes and sovereign states , abusing the confidence of their subjects , has by degrees diminished the real quantity of metal in their coin . '' This was an evil to which , in times of difficulty , like the present , all nations were prone . The Romans ( observed the same author ) , in the later and worse times of their country , reduced their coin to one twenty-fourth . England had reduced her pound only to one third . Scotland enjoyed the honour , and had also had the advantage—for such the principles of the right hon . bart . over the way ( sir John Sinclair ) would probably lead him to consider it—of having reduced its coin to one thirty-sixth ; France to one sixty-sixth . He had always deemed it highly creditable to England , that the deterioration of her standard had been comparatively so small ; but we seemed to be now willing to expose ourselves to the danger of giving way to this temptation , while Hamburgh and Amsterdam , and our great adversary in France , were superior to it . Their several standards were sustained . That we might not yield in this respect to the pressure of our present circumstances was the chief object for the sake of which he had spoken , A country seldom was sensible of the first steps taken in this downward course ; and it therefore belonged to those who possessed an extensive knowledge of such subjects , and adverted to the history of other nations , to point out the approaching danger . He feared that the members of the Administration , partly , perhaps , through their having taken in the first instance a too transient view of the question , in consequence of their multiplied employments , and of their buying then committed themselves too hastily upon it ; partly also through a wish to enjoy the present benefit of extended issue , of paper in their financial and political concerns , were not the safest guides on the present occasion 94 He had endeavoured , for his own part , to fulfil his duty , both as an individual of the Bullion Committee and as a member of parliament ; and though he had not dwelt in his speech on the difficulties by which we were encompassed , he had not formed his judgment without taking them fully into his consideration . rose and said : I should not have thought it necessary . Sir , to trouble the Committee with the expression of my sentiments in this night 's debate ,