a more effectual measure than this to bring the administrators of justice into contempt ? —However , if this was not a declaratory act , he had a right to assume that it was an alteration of the law . The noble mover had professed his love for definitions : let us go to definitions then . Let us attempt to argue the matter closely . What was the meaning of depreciation ? It meant a fall of price . And what was the meaning of price ? The relation to something else . And when they say that there is no depreciation they say notes are at par ; or , in other words , they say they are equal . To what ? To gold and to silver ? No , no . Or to the provisions that gold or silver of the same nominal value will buy ? no . Here he observed a noble earl opposite ( Bathurst ) shake his head , as if he meant to argue this point . He had on a former evening stated , that the increased price of provisions was occasioned by the increase of consumption being greater than the increase in production , and he said he could convince them of this , because the price of cotton and sugar had fallen . He would ask the noble Secretary of State if corn was not the commodity of all others the least fluctuating , and which it was therefore the most proper to adopt on any estimate of this nature . Instead of corn , however , the noble lord had chosen sugar , which those who had any experience in that commodity , but too well knew was one of the most fluctuating . But the Bank note was not equal to these things . It was equal then to the legal coin ? It was called so ; but he would ask if it was equal to the guinea ? And here he could not help taking notice of a very curious mode of proving this equality , adopted by a noble earl . He should go , he bad said , with 20 guineas and with 21 pounds to a banker with whom he had two accounts , 870 and he should be , able to procure entries in his books for 21l . par for both sums . He had no doubt that if the noble earl should go with such an intention to any banker , that the effect would be to occasion these two entries in the manner described by him ; but his answer to this was , that no man would ever think of going to a banker with guineas , when he knew that by so doing he would be robbed of one-fifth of their value . For that very reason , guineas would never appear at all , but would uniformly be lodged in the hands of Jews or foreigners . The noble earl had told them that the Bank note was equal lo one pound ; but here again he had to ask him what was one pound ? We were told that we were of such materials , that we could not comprehend what was meant by an abstract-pound—as Martinus Scriblerus could form no conception of an abstract lord mayor . He owned he had great difficulty to abstract a lord mayor from his fur gown and gold chain-nay , that the horse he saw the lord mayor ride upon , not a little disturbed his imagination . In the matter of abstract pounds we were equally at a loss . The noble lord had said , that it was not what could be touched and seen ; but that it was still a pound . When the Bank note contained these words , `` I promise to pay the sum of—— , '' did that mean the Bank note itself ? Was that the abstract lord mayor ? Did it not rather mean a certain quantity of gold and silver , which could not be changed ? His noble friend had said , that this