this city , and let any one look at the circulation in proportion that must take place in the country , and say , whether the amount of notes was too large . Ten millions per day passed in this country , 60 millions per week ; 3,000 millions per annum ! The whole of the notes must change hands in the course of three days business . What signified , then , a few millions more or less in the circulation . It was said that we expended 90 millions annually ; then the whole circulating paper of the Bank would be received at the Exchequer three or four times in the year I But he might be asked why , if there was no depreciation , he supported this measure . He could only say , that he supported it on the same ground as his noble friend the Secretary of State , lest the example of the noble lord should have a had effect , for such a proceeding might occasion depreciation where it did not exist before . As to the fatuity of ministers , he had long been accustomed to such language . But when the noble lord prophecied the great mischief that would result from their proceedings , he trusted , that if he found himself mistaken , he would do himself the credit to confess his error , as he had done in regard to transactions in other countries . The expectation held out was the removal of the restriction by their great talents ; but he was convinced that without that restriction the country could not have sustained the exertions it had made . was anxious to see how the Bill could be amended in the Committee , but he could conceive no amendment that would make it a proper measure . That proposed by his noble friend was plausible , but he was satisfied it would have no extensively good effect . The restriction of the Bank of England issues might not prevent the excessive issues of paper by private banks , and the evil might still go on increasing . There was , he believed , no remedy but payments in cash . As to the assertion , that those who thought with him were theorists , and that the opinions of practical men were against them , he had to observe , that their opinions were to be estimated by the cir- 842 cumstances under which they were given . Before the restriction , Mr. Giles , the late Bank director , and other eminent practical men , were clearly convinced of the necessity of cash payments ; but when it became the interest of practical men to hold a contrary opinion , they changed accordingly.—His lordship proceeded to state , that when the measure of Bank restriction was first agreed to , all men joined in regretting it . He was surprised , however , to observe , the ministers of the present day did not concur with Mr. Pitt in regarding this as calamitous in an extreme degree , but as a circumstance which had enabled the country lo make the exertions she had made . If so , would it not be considered as an argument equally strong , that if the issues of Bank paper were continued in an increased degree , the country would thereby be enabled to make still greater exertions ? Noble lords on the other side considered this to be the system on which the salvation of the country mainly depended . There were persons among the administration , whose opinions on this subject he was particularly anxious to hear . The opinion of the noble secretary for foreign affairs , for instance , ( marquis Wellesley ) , who , on a former occasion , in such glowing colours , contrasted the compulsory state of the paper currency of France with the unrestrained currency of this country , he was extremely desirous of hearing , hoping that the extreme difference between the two measures would be made apparent . He had also been given to understand , that the idea