In support of his opinion , that the financial statements made that night and on recent occasions , were much too sanguine , he observed , that in 1792 Ireland exported more linen than she did at present , and that the rate of her increase was much greater during the ten years from 1782 to 1792 , than in the eighteen years since . did not consider Ireland to be in a state of bankruptcy , notwithstanding the opinion which some gentlemen entertained on the subject . There were circumstances which had arisen last year that led to the embarrassment of the finances of that country , and which would render it imprudent to burthen her with any great weight of additional taxation . The resources , however , were abundant , and would ultimately meet the exigencies of the year . Gentlemen had taken a wrong view of the revenue , occasioned , perhaps , by the apparent diminution in her exports ; but that , 229 it would be seen upon reference , was to be placed to the account of the increasing consumption for the raw material in the army and navy . The deficit in the custom duties was small , compared with the increase in the export of live articles . The means of estimating the real wealth of the Country were generally from the productions of the soil , either in the raw materials or in the agriculture , and then it would be seen that every where exhibited the growing prosperity of Ireland . was glad to hear the right hon . gent , speak so justly of the capability of Ireland , because it argued a better knowledge of that country than he ( Mr. Hutchinson ) had been in the habit of imputing to him . Ignorance of Ireland had been the cause of the greater part of her misfortunes , and he wished he could convince that right hon . gent , that the more he knew of the great natural means and resources of that much-gifted country , the better qualified he would be to guide to a prosperous issue the destinies of the empire at large . He had listened with great attention to the statement of the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer , and he confessed he had heard from him for the first time a new principle of political economy . He had not known before that the exportation of cattle was a very conclusive criterion of national prosperity . His prejudices till now had taught him that a large cattle stock arose from a redundant pasture , and that where there was a far greater portion of pasture it was because the people of that country had not yet acquired either the skill or the means of knowing what to do with the soil . The financial state of Ireland was , and had been for a long period , so critical , that he thought the present subject ought to have been laid before them deliberately , and discussed with a patient investigation . Not that he had any intention of trespassing on the Committee , but he felt satisfied that nothing could tend more to the general interests than a general information upon the affairs of Ireland , and therefore it was he regretted that the two Chancellors of the Exchequer did not agree to postpone either budget to another evening . This would have appeared to him desirable , if it had no other effect than that of avoiding the appearance to Ireland of crouding the question of her interests with an unseemly hurry , upon a discussion that might have already exhausted the attention of the House . With respect to the speech of the Irish Chancellor , he 230 thought if that right hon . gent , had confined himself merely to his financial statement , and followed the example set by the Chancellor for England , he ( Mr. Hutchinson ) should not have felt him . self called upon to trouble the Committee with any observation at that time ; but when the right hon . gentleman