in the recollection of the House , that it had been on a former occasion engaged in a long and laborious discussion relative to the illustrious person who had lately been reinstated in the office of Commander in Chief . It must be in the recollection of the House , how the discussion had terminated : it must be in its recollection , what motions had been made on the subject , both those which had been negatived , and those which remained on the Journals . It was not his intention to enter at all into the evidence 471 given on the occasion to which he alluded . The result was all that he had now to do with . The House must remember , that the first motion was for an Address to the King , charging his Royal Highness with personal corruption and connivance . This proposition was negatived , and he himself was one of those who had voted against it . But he was not therefore of opinion that the Duke of York was absolved from the minor charges that had been brought against him . He thought he had been guilty of that criminal negligence bordering on connivance which rendered it impossible for him to continue in office . In this opinion the majority of the House perhaps did not concur , but there was every reason to believe that the majority of the House was then prepared to have come to a resolution which must have led to the resignation of his Royal Highness . He himself was not in the House at the time of the transaction which he was about to state , but he understood that a motion had been made by a right hon . gentleman , the member for Bristol ( Mr. Bathurst ) that must have had the effect of excluding the Duke of York from office . If the motion had been brought to a division , either that or somthing like it would certainly have passed ; but an Amendment had been proposed by a noble friend of his ( lord Althorpe ) stateing that , as the Duke of York had resigned his situation , it was unnecessary now to proceed any farther in the business . With the exception of the word now , that Amendment stood on the Journals : it stood on their Journals that the reason why the House had net proceeded to a vote which must have been followed by the exclusion of his Royal Highness from office , was , that he had resigned . What other construction did the resolution of his noble friend admit of than this in substance , that if his Royal Highness had not resigned , the House would in that case have felt it necessary to have adopted some further course of proceeding ? In so understanding that Resolution , he contended that he was putting upon it no forced construction , but one that arose fairly out of the obvious interpretation of it . It was upon this ground that he rested the motion which he intended to submit to their consideration . The object of that motion was to maintain the dignity of that House , which appeared to him to be not slightly questioned in the re-appointment of his royal highness ; and by maintaining 472 the dignity of that House , he thought he took the most effectual means to uphold the reputation of the government , and to secure the purity of administration . He was well aware to what misconstruction he was liable as to the motives that had influenced him in taking the step he had done . It might be imputed to him , that he had been solely actuated by the poor ambition of courting a little transient popularity . Whether that actually was his character , or ought to be his character , he should leave to others to determine ; but this he would say , that with the opinions he entertained of the re-appointment of his royal highness the duke of York , and with the deep sense of his