right hon . gentleman had said , every holder of a Bank of England note might , by the same rule , be excluded from dividing ; but he surely forgot , not only the very small and temporary interest thus held , but also that every holder of a 1009 note did not there by enjoy the profits or the privileges of a Bank of England corporator . It had been said , that there was no regular or authentic proof before the House of the Bank having acquired any extraordinary profits by means of the suspension of cash payments ; but if there was no such proof , there was certainly the very strongest presumption , as he was himself prepared to shew . Previous to the year 1797 , the dividend on Bank stock remained for a number of years at 7 per cent . His hon . friend had estimated the whole profits of the last six years at 6,000,000l . He held a paper in his hand , which shewed , that during the fourteen years since the suspension , the Bank had divided 32l . 7s . percent , in bonusses . Their dividend had increased first to 10 , and subsequently to 11 percent . Instead of 7 , as before the act of restriction , the dividend had been at the average of 10½ per cent . This was matter of fact . The whole increase of profit was therefore 50 percent . within the 14 years ; and a person holding stock in 1797 might have continued his ordinary expenditure , and without risk or labour , have doubled his capital in that period . Other companies , such as the Royal Exchange and Grand Junction Canal , had made great profits , but they had not made them through the medium of any legislative act to exempt them from the payment of their debts . If these companies had possessed this privilege , what would have been so likely to raise these profits to a much greater height ? If the interest , then , of Bank proprietors was thus presumptive , and thus plain , was it not a strong argument against the propriety of their voting on a bill which was to give a value to their notes that was not derived from , or supported by , their own intrinsic credit ? From whatever cause this bill originated , it was his fixed opinion that there could not be a measure devised more sure of giving a stab to the credit of the Bank . He did not affect to praise the conduct of lord King , although he was sure his motives were good , but he Was convinced of the truth of the maxim , that where power begins confidence ends . It was upon these general grounds , and on principles universal in their application , that it was his decided belief that the directors could not better consult their own interest , than in either moving that the clause of the Bill now pending , and enacting , that their notes should not be received under their 1010 nominal value , be omitted , or in abstaining from giving their votes in favour of the measure . denied , that in 1797 the proprietors of Bank stock ought not to have voted on the Restriction Bill . That measure had not been brought forward for their benefit ; although it had eventually turned out to be advantageous to them , it was a question of general interest , and as such , the proprietors of Bank stock were as fully entitled to vote upon it as any other members of parliament . His opinions were the same on the present occasion . On the principle maintained by the hon . mover , the possessor of landed property ought not to be permitted to give his vote on the present Bill , for such ant individual was much more deeply interested in the question than the most extensive proprietor of Bank stock in existence . thought that as the measure of 1797 , restricting