was called , was very unequal in its operation , and very oppressive on many classes of society . A person who had 200l . per annum by way of annuity , which would expire with his the , was called upon to contribute his 20l . as well as the man who had his 200l . per annum from land that would sell at thirty years ' purchase , although the one man would have property to the value of 6,000l . to leave to his family , and the other would have nothing . This was in the highest degree unequal and unfair . It was very hard upon poor excisemen , whose salaries were but 70l . or 80l . a year , that they should be obliged to pay income-tax . It was extremely hard on those whose incomes are not 60l . per annum . It was also extremely oppressive on the small stock-holder whose dividend amounted to forty-shillings a year . If it could be proved that the tax was unequal and unjust , it ought to be equalised and set right , even although the revenue might lose by such alteration . After some farther observations the hon . baronet concluded by moving `` That this House will , early in the next session of parliament , take into its consideration so much of the Property Tax as relates to the Contributions and Exemptions . '' was always averse to the House giving such pledges unless there was something very particular in the nature and urgency of the measure proposed , as without such a pledge it was competent to any member of parliament to bring the subject forward as early as he pleased in the next session ; and the giving the pledge , while it did not really bind the House to adopt any particular motion , would yet appear to the public like pronouncing an opinion upon the subject , and holding out some sort of promise , that an alteration was to be made. , . Now , when a former administration thought proper to raise the income tax to ten percent , he thought they had acted wisely and manfully ; and although he did not agree with them in the argument , that it would 748 be pleasanter to pay ten per cent . at once , yet he approved of the increase of the tax . If he thought it necessary at that time , the public expenditure was certainly not diminished since that time , and therefore he must oppose a material diminution of the revenue . The hon . baronet had himself been aware , that the alterations he intended to propose would produce a material diminution in the revenue , and there would be no way of supplying it but by laying taxes on some of the necessaries of life , which would press as strongly upon the poorer classes , as the tax from which it was proposed to relieve them . As for laying a higher income-lax upon the richer classes , that would be a complete subversion of all the principles of justice , by which the property of all men should be equally protected by the law . As to what the hon . baronet had said of the war being carried on from a sanguinary motive , he could not agree with him ; he did not think the people of this country were actuated by any such principle , and he was certain the war had never been continued by ministers on any other ground than from a thorough conviction of its absolute necessity . admitted that the tax as it stood was free from many of the objections which attached to it in its original state . It had been matter of astonishment to him that , as it first stood , any minister should have ventured to propose such a tax for the endurance of a free people , or that it could have been pressed down their throats without military force . The rigid inquisition into the private fortunes of individuals had been even