any landlord his ejectment , under such circumstances ? He did think , after what had passed , that as they had the power , it was their duty , to take the opinions of the judges themselves on this most momentous and interesting point ? It would be worth inquiry whether , previous to 1797 , the ejectment would have been stayed by a payment of Bank-notes . If the doctrine of the noble and learned lord that night were once established , Bank notes would , to every practical purpose , immediately become a legal tender . It had long been a principle in legislation to avoid every thing approaching to the nature or character of an ex post facto law . Now , the Bill before the House was utterly and entirely retrospective in its operation , affecting all past contracts , but not interfering with future . He would remind the noble and learned lord of those judicial opinions which he had often uttered , and more particularly in a recent case , and desire him to reconcile 877 them with the doctrines which he had that night promulgated . When he was so scrupulous of permitting the smallest abatement in these instances of the spirit of old contracts , how could be fairly or equitably conceive that it was the duty of his noble friend quietly to put up with an annual loss of 17 per cent , or express his horror at the conduct which his noble friend had thought proper to pursue ? The noble secretary of state had moved that Ireland should be exempted from the operation of the Bill , on the strange ground that two prices had prevailed there from time immemorial . Supposing this to be , what it evidently was not , a correct statement , Ireland had continued to flourish and improve with unexampled rapidity under those circumstances , which were apprehended to be certain of producing calamity to this country . But till 1797 , paper was convertible in Ireland , and therefore till that period two prices could not have existed . It was , too , a strange reason , because the practice of extortion among landlords had long prevailed in Ireland , that therefore it should be suffered to continue , and a measure formed on the principle of preventing it in this part of the empire be withheld from her . Really this looked something like ignorance on the part of ministers . He was not surprised that men , who had openly confessed themselves uninformed upon one of the most important and interesting parts of political science , should be desirous of running down those who had devoted a great part of their lives to its cultivation . The noble lord who spoke last had said that many articles had fallen in value , and that sugar was to be purchased for less of paper in nominal value , than it formerly was of gold . But did he not believe , at the same time , that if gold was now offered for sugar , the difference would not be yet more apparent ? Price , which was relative value , was certainly not to be estimated by a comparison of any two commodities ; but where one commodity was altered in price in an equal proportion to two others , the presumption was that it was depreciated , and if it had fallen , with respect to the general sum of commodities , the proof became positive that it was so depreciated . Considering the present situation of the country as more calamitous than at any former period , and being persuaded that the Bill before the House would , if passed into a law , tend to aggravate rather than to diminish those calamities , he should vote against the third reading . adverting to the statement of the noble lord , that the notes of the Bank of Scotland were at par , while those of the Bank of England were depreciated , observed , in contradiction to that statement , that at the inns , for