very different opinion : and it is a curious fact , which has been vouched to me on what I believe to be unquestionable authority , that even before the Austrian paper money was depreciated to the present extravagant degree , the monied men on the continent who were engaged ill loans to the emperor , were in the habit of stipulating that those loans , if repaid any where else than at Hamburgh or at Amsterdam , should be repaid , not in the currency of Austria , or of any other country , according to its denomination , but in specific quantities of gold or silver . And why this exception in favour of Ham- 118 burgh and Amsterdam ? For a reason which at once explains the nature of exchange , and the true principles of value in money , namely , that at the Banks of Hamburgh and Amsterdam , all payments , are made , not in reference to coins of any county or any denomination , but by the transfer from the debtor to the creditor of a specific quantity of bullion . Can we really flatter ourselves , then , that the currency of this kingdom might be depreciated with impunity so far as relates to transactions with foreign countries ? If a bill upon England for 46l . 14s . 6d . would heretofore have purchased , on the exchange of Hamburgh or Amsterdam , a credit on those banks for a lb . of gold bullion , and if a lb . of gold bullion can not now be purchased in England for less than 58l . in English currency—can we imagine , that nevertheless , the bill upon England for 46l 14s . 6d . will still purchase a lb . of gold at Hamburgh or Amsterdam ? Yet this is , in fact , the proposition of those who contend that an alteration in the value of the internal currency of a country does not proportionably affect the foreign exchange . But whilst this is the argument of many who have taken part in the debate—whilst it is covertly , though not avowedly , the argument of the right hon . gentleman 's 15th Resolution—it is not the argument of my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who has admitted the influence of the internal currency of a country upon its foreign exchanges , by admitting that a diminution in the quantity of our paper would tend to turn the ex-changes in our favour . Does the right hon . gent , agree in this admission , or differ from It ? If he differs , I refer him for conviction to my right hon . friend : if he agrees , there is no escape from the conclusion to which this admission leads—that the unfavourableness of the exchange , which would be in part at least cured by a diminution in the amount , and consequent rise in the value , of our paper currency , is in part , at least , occasioned by the excess and consequent depreciation of it . What then becomes of the assertion in the right hon . gentleman 's 15th Resolution , whichever sense we assign to it If it is meant to deny the connexion of internal currency with foreign exchange , can the House consent to adopt a vote so directly at variance with the fact ? —If , admitting that connexion , it is meant only to deny its effect now—why , I should be glad 119 to know , is the present time to afford an exception to an universal ruler what is there now to suspend I he operation of principles , not , dependent upon circum-stance but inherent in the nature of things ? There is a great stagnation of commerce , it is true : but that stagnation of commerce is not peculiar to this country . The continent shares largely in all the distress which the decrees of the tyrant of the continent produce ; and yet it is in comparison with the continent that the exchanges are in