and that was upon the general system of education in Ireland , but it was hopeless to look for any improvement that did not emanate from the parish schools ; they must be the foundation of Whatever was done . Mr . Pole then read some extracts from the Report , and said that the duke of Richmond , upon receiving it , directed that a letter should be written to the Commissioners , calling their attention particularly to this part of the subject , and directing them to form a plan for a general , system of education . They were now engaged upon that plan , and he hoped that during the recess they would be able to give such information as would enable government to lay the foundation of an uniform system . He had no hesitation , however , in saying in this early stage of the business , that in considering how this matter was to be brought to bear , he should look to the oath taken by the Protestant clergymen , and see 150 whether they ought not to a certain degree to bear the expence of the establishment . He should not trouble the House further at present , and therefore moved for leave to bring in the Bill for the purposes above mentioned . regretted that there were some schools in Ireland not mentioned in the Report of the commissioners . He disapproved of increasing the salaries of masters too much , as it would have a tendency to make them negligent ; and insisted that no schools should be exempted from the superintending power . He was surprised that those who held dioceses in Ireland , and were bound by oath to instruct a certain number of pupils as prescribed by law , should have neglected to comply with it . The commissioners , he thought , ought to have power to compel every parish to make a return ; and the fair inference , he thought , from neglecting to make returns was , that they were conscious of having omitted their duty . hoped that the actual formation and execution of the plan alluded to by the right hon . mover , would not be long delayed . The commission had already existed 10 years , and something should be done . He was satisfied that that man would be the greatest benefactor of Ireland , and of this country also , who succeeded best in the promotion of education , and by that means in the promotion of virtue and good morals . rose and said , that if the subject was of less importance , he should have to apologize to the House for taking up any more , of their time upon a topic which had already been so ably discussed . He really , after the first night 's debate , felt no inclination to speak upon the subject , as it appeared to him to be then disposed of . He had never heard an abler discussion in Parliament than had taken place upon this subject ; and he thought the highest compliment was due to the hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Horner ) who brought forward the business , for the reach and comprehension of mind which had enabled him to take in the whole of this most extensive and difficult subject—for the unwearied industry with which he had collected such a mass of information upon it—and for conveying that information to the House , in a speech of such forcible eloquence as had rarely occurred in our parliamentary history . Agreeing , as he did , most perfectly in all the general Resolutions of that hon . and learned gent , he could not agree with him in his last Resolution , which assigned the expiration of two years as the period when the Bank should be obliged to resume its cash payments . He should have abstained from troubling the House at present , if the proposal he had made last night had been agreed to . He could have wished that the Report of the Bullion