and fatal measure , they had inflicted on the country ; which evils , there was every reason to dread , would every day become more aggravated . In this view of the question , whoever acted upon such , motives might fairly be said to have been influenced by pure patriotism in taking such a resolution , and it was in that view only of the case , in which he conceived that such conduct might have been suggested by such motives . As to the case of the coachmaker , it was pretty well understood that tradesmen now acted with reference to the present circumstances of Bank paper , and that when they gave in a bill they would keep that circumstance in their eye ; and perhaps in the case of the coach maker , the bill would have been 120l . instead of 100l . adding 20l . per cent to his bill , in consequence of The present supposed depreciation of Bank paper . Why then was not a landlord to look on his side for an indemnity against any such supposed loss ? in explanation , supposed , that in 1801 he had contracted with his coach-maker to furnish him with a coach in 1811 , for 100l . perhaps in 1801 , gold was to be had for 3l . 16s . and in 1811 the price was raised to 4l . 16s . The coachmaker would , no doubt , have adverted to this circumstance , and justly , had he ( the Lord Chancellor ) requested gold in payment for rent due , the very day after the coachmaker had been paid his bill in Bank-notes . This he observed , to shew the unfairness and injustice of requiring a debt due to a landlord to be paid in gold coin , while the landlord would pay his own debts , perhaps to the very same tradesman , in Bank-notes only . in reply , thanked both sides of the House for the fair interpretation which they had put upon his motion , and upon the motives which had induced him to bring it forward . He could assure them that they had done him no more than justice . His only wish was , to give an opportunity to his Majesty 's government of providing against a feeling , the evil consequences of which he most seriously dreaded . The present alarm respecting the depreciation of Bank paper arose , like most alarms , from false fears and ungrounded prejudices . There might soon , perhaps , be no gold in the country ; and he would say , so much the better . All the mischief of the present moment arose from falsely considering gold as the proper or only circulating medium . On this subject , he much admired an observation of sir George Saville 's , an observation most just and philosophical . In a conversation on the subject of a circulating medium , he recollected that good and wise man to have observed , that the circulating medium was the measure of the relative value of things . For example , that ten pound notes would purchase to that amount a certain number of guineas , a certain nunmber of loaves , or of Opera tickets , or the travelling a certain number of miles ; and , that thus the price of every necessary , or enjoyment , might be regulated by the value of a Bank note . If the same rule did not exist now , it was from prejudice and idle fears ; and he would again repeat that it was to be wished there were no gold in the country . As to the measure he had the honour of proposing , it was simple and intelligible , and applicable to the circumstances of the moment , and if it were not adopted by ministers , on them would lie the responsibility 770 for the consequences . He would content himself with moving , That the Bill be now received , read , and that it be printed . Some conversation