sanction of the Audiencia of the Caraccas , a copy of it having been transmitted from the Caraccas to Mr. Smith , and he himself ( Mr. Stephen ) , having also obtained a copy from Porto Rico . It was to be observed , that the persons on whose account the present proposition was made , were careful to provide , that , so had property was concerned , the Spanish laws ( Were still to prevail , the measure in this 620 respect being wished only to be prospective . Highly as these gentlemen valued the beauty of the English constitution , and much as they wished it to be introduced into the island of Trinidad , they '' seemed to agree that those blessings : would he too dearly purchased at the expence of their being compelled to pay , their debts . entered into a history of the proceedings of government on the cession of the island of Trinidad , and explained and defended the policy of the arrangements then made . He spoke in terms of the highest praise of the character ' of Mr. Smith , who had been sent out to administer the Spanish law in the spirit of English justice and mercy . He approved of the course which had been pursued by his Majesty 's present ministers with respect to Trinidad , and thought it '' would be improper to give power to persons who would be likely to wield it against each other . Though he hoped scenes like those which had been witnessed would never return , yet in his opinion it would be rash to suppose the embers of passion were wholly extinguished , and that every feeling of jeaiousy was already no more . was in favour of the motion . He thought the great desideratum was , that there should be a settled system of laws for the island , and that it was not so material a question whether those laws were Spanish or British . He thought that the hon . gent . who had brought forward the motion was entitled , to the thanks of the House . , though he by no means approved of all the arguments advanced by gentlemen opposite , was against the motion . He thought the measure proposed would be productive of evils of considerable magnitude , while that benefits of equal importance would result from it , was by no means clear . With respect to the treatment of slaves in the English colonies , as compared with what they experienced in the colonies of Spain , he would state one fact which he knew to be true ; and which he would challenge any gentleman to contradict . In Jamaica , it was considered the greatest punishment short of death that could be inflicted for a crime : on a slave , to take him from our severity , ; and send him to the comparatively mild slate of slavery which it had been stated existed in the Spanish colonies . was desirous of refraining 621 from any expression of his opinion on this occasion , from a cause that was generally understood ; but , at the same time , he felt , it to be of so much importance that this question should be set at rest in Trinidad , that , he trusted , he should be excused for making a few observations . When the hon . gentleman said that the inhabitants of that island were earnestly desirous of the whole of the British constitution , but that they would be content with a part , and would also willingly relinquish their claim of an assembly , provided they were permitted to have a council , he could not perceive with what part of the British constitution they were enamoured . When they declared their wishes for a council , consisting of persons nominated and removable by the crown , it appeared to him that their only object was to prevent the legislature at home from exercising any controul over , or interference with , their proceedings . This was evidently