, who felt a great partiality for him , and with the utmost reluctance was obliged to adopt the line of conduct he did , when the letters were put into his hands . The House of Lords had already decided against the application . Did , therefore , the hon . gent . think that this House should address the Prince Regent to deprive the House of Lords of their power of judgment . This was a most objectionable mode of proceeding . He must therefore oppose the motion . wished to state shortly his opinion upon Mr. Palmer 's claim , which opinion remained precisely the same as when he last addressed the House upon the subject . He was confident that the arguments of the right hon . gent . opposite were not such as to persuade the House to depart from the decision which it had , come to three years ago , and which it had-been attempted to carry into effect last year . This decision had been founded , not upon compassion but upon the justice , of the case . He besought the House to consider what had been the merits of Mr. 262 Palmer , when it was owing to his plan that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been able to make so triumphant a statement of the flourishing condition of the Post-office revenue without any addition to the duties on postage . Without the benefit of that plan it was impossible to obtain such a revenue . He agreed with his learned friend , that the exemption of the mail coaches from toll , was a fraud upon the turnpike trusts ; and he was glad to find the right hon . gent. , whatever might have induced him to alter his opinion , admit , that some relief might be given to the petitioners whose petition the noble lord ( Binning ) had presented , provided the report of the Committee should recommend that measure . It had been at first intended that Mr. Palmer should have had a patent ; but then it was found that an act of parliament stood in the way , and no patent was issued . But if he had a patent , it was the opinion of the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas , of lord Erskine , of his Majesty 's Attorney-general , and of his hon . and learned friend Mr. Adam , that the patent could not have been disturbed . This was the opinion of those learned persons ; and he should abide by their opinion , rather than by the legal opinion of the right hon . George Rose . Gentlemen talked of an indictment for a conspiracy , but be would not take upon him to decide whether it would or would not lie . Some learned gentlemen were of one opinion , and some of another . One thing , however , he would mention , that a Mr. Wilson had given in a voluntary affidavit , stating that he had been instructed by Mr. Palmer to insert false items in his accounts . Upon his cross-examination , however , he said , that he had received the directions from Mr. Bonner , and that he considered Mr. Palmer and Mr. Bonner as one and the same in that respect . He was ready to stand , and to stand only , on the justice of Mr. Palmer 's claims , who called upon the House of Commons that night to make good their repeated decisions . There was no man in that House who would venture to say that Mr. Palmer had been sufficiently remunerated . Was there any man on any side who could say so ? If , however , there were those who thought that the sum proposed was too large , let them propose a smaller one ; but let this claim not go from the House of Commons without that justice which it demanded . conceived that the pension 263 of 3,000l . a year , which Mr. Palmer had accepted , was