they looked to the battle itself , they would perceive that the chief stress was on the right wing ; and the House was aware in what a narrow space the conflict was decided—no less than 7,000 individuals lying upon the ground . The extent of that struggle might perhaps be measured by the numbers which were lost , numbers only equalled by those at the battle of Assay , considering those engaged . But if they wished to form an opinion upon proper grounds , let them look to the intercepted letter of the enemy ; to the circumstances of the retreat , to the fact of the British army being in possession of the field , and general Beresford being enabled to advance a corps upon the retreating enemy . He complimented the ability by which the siege of Badajoz was raised , and though he could not avoid regretting , when he recollected that British 527 soldiers bore the loss of such a number , still , if war must be carried on , sacrifices must be made , and losses expected ; and it was consolatory to reflect , that never was a loss sustained under circumstances more honourable to the British character . The way to decide the advantage of this battle , was to weigh it together with the whole campaign , and he would say , that in no campaign was the sacrifice of human life so small , considering the effects produced by it . Lord Wellington had proved himself to be as sparing of the life of the soldier as he was careful of his health ; and , checking his propensity to seek for glory , he economised the existence of those placed under his command . He knew , when he was in a situation to be better informed upon such subjects , that the proportion of the loss of the two armies bore no comparison . He was sure the House would feel that a great feature would be absent from the present contest , if , after the expulsion of the French from Portugal , a trial of strength had not been made upon both frontiers . He considered the two contests as trials of strength , undertaken by the enemy , in both of which he was unsuccessful.—In adverting to the co-operation of the Spaniards , he was happy to find that the testimony of the general represented them as having done heir duty in that day 's battle , and he hoped the example would lead to happy results in the future . Up to the present moment , France had made but little impression upon Spain ; for with all her efforts , she had never been able to send forth a single Spanish regiment to assist in the subjugation of the country . Whatever defects might exist in the military system , and that great defects did exist he was perfectly conscious , the House should recollect that Spain was not conquered , that she was not divided . As to those defects in the national character of Spain , which prevented her from availing herself of our more efficient assistance and co-operation , from putting herself in that condition which would enable her more effectually to resist oppression , it was but justice to observe , that the same untractable character that made her so unmanageable in the hands of her friends , made her more unmanageable in the hands of her enemies . No nation had ever proved more true to herself than Spain ; but if she allowed her troops to be disciplined under British officers in the same manner as the troops of 528 Portugal were disciplined already , her cause would be much advanced . At the same time it was to be remarked that she had not the same opportunity that was offered to Portugal . We had never said that we were ready to pay her troops , as well as to take them under our command ; and he was confident it contributed greatly to the success of Portugal , that her soldiers were now