not suit itself to the various customs of different parishes . It would be much better to devise a system whereby the clergy might be led to do their duty , to go about and attend to the wants and necessities of the people , which would produce such an understanding between the pastor and his flock , as would put an end to all complaints of grievance . The evil was not what it was supposed to be , if the truth was clearly understood . He believed none paid tythes more cheerfully than the Roman Catholics of Ireland ; and he had no doubt but they considered the right as emanating from the original grant of lands from the crown . The disturbances which happened last year , in the counties of Kilkenny , Tipperary , and Waterford , were not connected with the complaint against 584 tythes . If it would be any satisfaction to the hon . gentleman opposite to know that ministers were disliked , he had no hesitation in saying they were much disliked in those counties . That dislike arose from their conduct in regard to the Insurrection act , and none received deeper and louder curses than he did upon that occasion . But in only one of these counties , and in one instance only , was there any mention of the grievance of tythes.—The right hon . member next proceeded to state the opinion of the Solicitor General of Ireland , which stated the ruinous consequences that must result from the principles entertained by the common people of that country . He concluded by conjuring the honourable gentleman to withdraw his motion , and before next session there would be an opportunity for him to look round and view the state of Ireland , to estimate the correctness of the remarks which he had made this night . If the hon . gentleman should then think some measure of this description were necessary , and he could bring him to concur with him as to its necessity , and could convince him of its propriety , he would be the first to promote any plan which could benefit the people of Ireland . expressed his pleasure in having heard the speech of the right hon . gentleman ; but he could not agree with the greater part of his observations . He did not see the difficulty of making a rate per acre , and thought it might easily be apportioned , according to the average amount of the different articles , and a calculation of a number of years . He was ready to allow that tythes had no share in the disturbances of Ireland ; but he supported the mode now recommended , as one likely to produce satisfaction . He foresaw no difficulty , and although a few gentlemen might pronounce it impracticable , that was no argument against making the trial . In the parliament of Ireland , particularly , he had known instances where plans had by a few been pronounced totally impracticable , and yet those plans were afterwards adopted and found to be beneficial . He was a friend to this measure of ameliorating the tythes , because he thought it would create considerable satisfaction in the minds of the people of Ireland . thought a mode might be devised , which would secure the rights of the clergy and tranquillize the minds of the people . He attributed most of the 585 calamities of Ireland to the custom of dividing farms amongst a numerous family , and thereby causing a superabundance of occupants , and hence they were not able to support themselves . The same custom in France led to great misery . He was favourable to the motion , but he did not consider tythes as the only grievance of that country , but they were an aggravation of all the evils he had mentioned . was happy to hear that gentlemen on all sides agreed , that in the system of tythes there were many evill which required redress . Even the Irish Secretary of State agreed in this