then stated , that in giving to the Prince Regent the advice which had been followed , he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had committed an act unconstitutional in it nature , and infringing on the privileges of the House . On that occasion he had challenged the hon . gent . to bring forward the charge , as indeed it was his duty to have done , immediately . It could not be forgotten that the hon . gent . was very anxious upon that subject . What was the nature of the charge , as now made ? That the Address of this House was operative upon the Crown ; and that it became , as it were , the moment it passed , a sort of imperative command which the Crown was bound to obey . Was it so ? Did it follow that the Crown was bound to assent immediately to the terms of any Address ? Would any man at all acquainted with the constitution of the country , affect to maintain such a position ? Had not the Crown the full , legal , and constitutional authority to pause before it complied with that or any Address of a similar nature ? That was all that had been done in this instance ; and when gentlemen contended for a doctrine contrary to this , they were maintaining what , in his opinion , would tend to subvert that fabric they so much desired to retain—the ancient constitution of 359 the land . The questions , however , for the House to entertain , were these : was the Address to be considered in the nature and light of a command , and if not so to be considered , then was it unconstitutional in the minister to advise the Crown to give an answer such as had been given ? In the next place , was the advice proper to be given r and was there any thing in the manner of giving it which could lay the advisers open to censure for the terms in which the answer was conveyed ? As to the first proposition , there was no man , he was certain , would hesitate to admit that the minister was bound to give the Crown advice , and the Crown , as one of the branches of the legislature , had the undoubted right of exercising its assent or dissent to any measure . If a Bill were proposed and passed both . Houses , the Crown might assent to or dissent from that Bill , and refuse to sanction it . If then , it was in the power of the Crown to refuse its assent to any Bill which might pass both Houses , he should like to hear the dictum stated which should declare that the Crown was not equally competent to give an opinion as to any address of this or the other House . For to that extent the doctrine must be carried , if the motion of the hon . gent was acceded to . He did not mean to say the refusal of a part was any thing like the refusal of sanction to a measure passed by both Houses . It could not be contended that the refusal was a breach of the constitution : in this case , it was infinitely less strong than if it had been directed against a Bill passed by the two Houses . The power of refusal must then be admitted to exist in the Crown , and the right of advising the Crown to rest with the ministers . The absolute right of refusal , if necessary in any case , was not under consideration . It had not been done . What was the answer complained of ? Why , the answer expressed the readiness of the Prince Regent to comply with the wishes of the House , but desired some little time for consideration . At the same time , however , he was ready to admit , that the answer must be taken as the answer of the ministers