were levied on the import of it . We deplored the loss of our gold coin ; but by not limiting our Bank notes , we were thus , in substance , laying a tax on its importation , and giving a bounty on its exportation : and then , referring its absence to balance of trade , we imagined that we had no power of recalling it . He admitted that some thing was to be conceded on the ground of an unfavourable state of trade and a had harvest , as well as on account of large draughts on discharge of the foreign expenditure of government our manufactures , and other exportable commodities , might happen not to be in such demand abroad as to supply , on such occasions , the whole of the remittance advantageously . The precious metals were in more universal request than any other article ; and the transmission of a certain quantity of these might prevent so low a selling prince of our commodities , in the foreign market , as might otherwise be necessary . But our gold , was now gone , and that disadvantage of which he was speaking , was therefore one against which we were beginning to be quite unprotected . Our coin had for the most part left us in 1801 . The state of our trade and foreign expenditure seemed not likely to improve materially . The exchange could not be corrected , as heretofore , by the transmission of specie . The cautious limitation of our paper was , therefore , a principle to which every consideration of prudence should lead us to resort . Several of the first Resolutions of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) were intended to shew that there was no correspondence between the variations in the ex- 86 change for some time past , and the existing quantity of notes . He had in his former speech remarked , in reply ; that at three several periods—in 1783 , 1795 and 1796 , and 1797—the Bank had experienced a drain of gold , had consequently restrained their issues , and had experienced a subsequent improvement of the exchange . His right him . friend erroneously assumed that the Bullion Committee deemed the effect of a limitation of paper to be instantaneous ; an error which was exposed by the amendments intended to be offered by the chairman of the Bullion Committee . The influence both of a reduction and increase of paper , though sure , might be slow , and probably would be various , both as to the degree and time of its operation : it would affect , first , one kind of commodity , then another ; probably operating more early on those article '' of which the sale was for ready money , reaching slowly the land , and still more slowly the labour of the country . When an over issue of paper had produced a general alteration in the price of labour , and , through the price of labour , on that of commodities , the improvement of the exchanges became more difficult and hope-less ; and this consideration ought to induce us not to delay the reduction of our Bank notes till the wages of labour had become materially affected . In the case of an alteration in the value of the coin of a country , the operation on prices , though in like manner sure , was also in like manner slow and irregular . Mr. Hume , in speaking of the successive deteriorations of the Trench coin , in the reign of Louis XIV . had remarked , that they did not at once produce a proportionate rise of prices . He says , `` Though the high price of commodities be a necessary consequence of the increase of gold and silver , '' ( as it surely must also be of the increase of paper currency ) . `` yet it follows not immediately on that increase , but some time is required before the money circulates through the whole state . At