that to press it on the House would not be advisable . said he would not have spoken , had it not been for some topics that had been urged in the course of the present discussion . The noble viscount had stated , that a misconception had gone forth with respect to this Bill , and that expectations had been held out to him by certain persons , calling themselves Dis- 247 senters , as to an approbation of this Bill , and the noble viscount had expressed his astonishment that they had not fulfilled these expectations ; now he ( lord Holland ) hoped , that the noble viscount would not deem him guilty of an incivility , when he said that it was rather a misconception of the noble viscount himself , as to the effects and consequences of the act itself , which he now proposed . It was no light matter to tell that numerous class of persons , called Dissenters , that they were so stupid as not to understand acts of parliament that related to their own concerns , and it would have behoved those who so charged them , to have looked carefully to what would be the operation of this Bill were it to pass into a law , before stating that this deluge of petitions had been brought to the House upon a misconception of the nature of that Bill . There were two accusations of a very inconsistent nature also thrown out against himself ; he had been supposed to hold out doctrines so devoid of religious liberty ( he should not call it toleration ) that if they were acted up to , they would tend to subvert religion itself , and to have explained the act of toleration in such extravagant terms , as to be called abominably intolerant . He hoped , that if in the sincere explanation of his own sentiments he had gone beyond the opinions of the House , they were such as he would not shrink from ; but at the same time he did not desire their lordships to subscribe to those opinions before they expressed their abhorrence of this Bill . His opinion was , that all those who thought it their duty to interpret the Scriptures , should have the right to adopt their own mode of doing so , and that this Bill was therefore an infringement of their natural rights . He did not say , that if they preached any doctrines that were seditious or injurious to any class of the community , they were not properly liable to punishment . Every man might have a right to carry arms , bat it did not follow that every man was entitled to kill whomsoever he met ; nor did it follow because the liberty of the press was encouraged , that every sort of libel was to be published with impunity . Every mail had a right to interpret the Scriptures according to his conscience and the best of his judgment ; and however mean his capacity might be , if he thought he perceived what was the intention of the Great Author of the Scriptures , it was his duty and his right to ex- 248 press his sentiments . In the language of the right reverend prelate , the scriptures were a great largess to the world , a mighty and a free gift to all mankind ; not re '' strained to the disciples or discipline of a peculiar church , but given for the benefit of the world . He considered the Toleration Act as the great religious charter ; and religious liberty could not subsist , unless it was perfect and secure . In the language of Locke , it was equal and impartial , and entire liberty , of which religion and religious men stood in need . The Toleration Act had two parts . One of them was a most generous and liberal concession to the people ; and the other was nothing beyond a bare and scanty admission of an undoubted right . In one of those parts