a few observations immediately connected with the subject of this letter , the documents that are printed with it , and those which are withheld . `` It is a justice , '' says the 986 right hon . gent `` to the King 's proctor , who is an absolute stranger to me , to state that after the closest attention given to several hundred accounts in the course of the last 18 months , I am persuaded that the interests of the navy are best protected by being in his care ; '' that is , under the absolute controul of one man , who , in addition to the management of his Majesty 's business in two courts , and the monopoly of libelling and prosecuting to condemnation all the captures made by the navy from the enemy , possesses also the exclusive privilege of conducting the numerous and intricate litigations which have arisen of late years out of the seizure of neutrals , causes in which not only the property detained is at stake , but all that a captor possesses is answerable for the costs of suit and demurrage , which , if he is unable to pay , he may be thrown into gaol , not for errors or misconduct of his own , but owing to neglect arising from confusion in an office where there have formerly been from 1,800 to 2000 causes in progress at one and the same time in the courts of admiralty and appeals , an evil which , unfortunately for the country , is working its remedy in a way highly prejudicial to its best interests . Let me ask , would the right hon . gentlemen opposite exert themselves with zeal if every motion they made subjected them to risk of costs , damages and imprisonment ? No , Sir , they would not sit on these soft cushions unless they were amply paid , although it is easier to do so than to make captures on the enemy 's coast . How would they like to be compelled , as the navy is , to employ one attorney to conduct all their affairs , even if he had not their opponents interests also to promote , as is the case with the Procurator General ? Will such management of their affairs encourage the navy to impede Suspicious commerce in neutral bottoms ? And , Sir , if the condemnation of a boat costs as much as the condemnation of a ship , is not the capture of the enemy 's coasting commerce virtually discouraged ? The right hon . gent . indeed deduces a contrary inference . `` You will observe '' says he , `` that the expences on the Johannes , which sold for 3,000l . were exactly the same as on the boat which sold for 250l . '' This fact , admitted even by the treasurer of the navy , I shall not stop to prove by the documents which I have brought here ; but as the right hon . gent tell us that `` the utmost possible relief has been given by the present judge ( whose atten- 987 tion to the interests of captors can not be spoken of in terms of too high praise ) in cases of neutrals by lessening the expences of suit proceeding against or claiming property captured as prize , if sworn to be under the value of 150l . `` —Sworn to be tinder the value of 150l. ! Now , Sir , suppose that a prize sells for a few pounds more , and where can one be found that will sell for less , what relief does this afford ? —Here is a practical instance in the cases of the Africa and Ceres , where the captor had 11l . 14s . 8d . to pay out of his pocket , although property to the amount of 333l . was condemned . The King 's Proctor 's Bill for the Africa amounted to 185l . 4s . 10d . Hence the relief which calls forth the treasurer 's unqualified praise ,