ounces of standard silver ; and were represented by 18 pieces , called half crowns . The mystic word '' Bank '' has been imprinted on their face , and he is required to receive these same pieces as of the value of three shillings , though no individual in the community will give in exchange for them , a particle more of his property , than when they passed by their old name . Our tone and manner of thinking may have altered , since the case is no longer viewed in the abstract ; such transactions , however in other countries , and among ourselves in other times , have been stigmatized as gross and barefaced frauds . But the currency of the bank , though it may have lost of its value on 'Change , is not yet omnipotent in Westminster-hall ; and lord King has appealed to the law of his country , to enforce the rights which still remain to him . But it is urged that landlords may exercise a grievous oppression over tenants . These names , whenever they are used , we consider to be descriptive of parties between whom respect and attachment , kindness and protection , mutually exist . And , happily for this country , so rare is the character of a harsh landlord , that I believe much of the odium attached to lord King has proceeded from an idea , that some severity to the tenant was in contemplation . The calculation with which I have troubled the House will show , that even if rents were paid in the manner demanded by lord King , the gain of the tenant , which is now 40s . upon a payment of 85s. , will only be reduced to 31s. , an advantage accruing to the tenant from the increased abundance of the precious metals , and other circumstances . But , even laying these circumstances out of our view , the tenant , whose currency consists for the most part of private banker 's notes , will be no sufferer . Neither the public , nor lord King , seem to have been aware of the 37th Geo . 3 , cap . 32 . I was not till lately conscious of the powers it granted to enforce payment , in money , of one and two pound notes from the private bankers , who have issued them By means of that act the tenant who holds such paper will be entirely relieved . Whenever the landlord demands a metallic payment , it will only be necessary to carry the very notes , with which the tenant has usually paid his rent , to the private bank , and demand their value in specie . The law has provided efficacious means for enforcing the de- 1056 mand ; and if any hardship or inconvenience or loss is sustained , it will fall , where it ought to fall , on those who during fourteen years , have reaped large gains from the circulation of notes ; who , by the extent to which they have pushed their issues , have rendered manifest and intolerable the depreciation inseparable from paper currency . I hope no man will judge me to speak invidiously : I consider all private banks as institutions arising out of the wants of the community , and eminently useful . So far from concurring with those who would sacrifice them at the shrine of the Bank of England , I would rather forfeit all the benefits resulting from that establishment , than disturb one individual in his honest calling , whether founded on the accumulated capital of several generations , or upon a bare confidence in the probity and industry of the individual . But I will not , I dare not release him from the performance of one tittle of his engagement . If it be demanded , as in the case of the tenant , '' Did the parties look to the fulfilment of the contract in any other manner than in bank-notes ? '' I answer , they did so look .