support of the motion . His opinion of the misconduct of the duke of York was not so much founded on the testimony of the prominent witness , as on the collateral circumstances which unexpectedly came out during the inquiry ; The discrediting of Mrs. Clarke 's testimony , therefore , did not affect the vote he gave on that occasion . He agreed that his royal highness had already suffered a severe punishment , and he did not wish for his perpetual exclusion . His objections to the re-appointment lay within a small compass : the principal one was , that it was unadvisable , because with the vote which stood on the Journals of the 507 House , and which implied that , as the duke had resigned , there was no occasion for the House preceding to any farther decision on the question . The manly way of acting would have been for any gentleman who was friendly to such re-appointment , to rise up in the House before it took place , and propose that the above vote should either be rescinded or modified . The sense of the House would thus have been taken before the appointment took place . This was the proper mode , in his opinion ; but while the vote to which he alluded stood on their Journals , he should feel himself bound to vote in favour of the motion of the noble lord . observed , that it required a strong case indeed to justify a parliamentary censure of the executive government in the ordinary exercise of their constitutional functions . That the power of appointing to the high offices of state belonged constitutionally to the Crown would not be denied ; neither would it be said that the exercise of that power could with propriety be called in question , unless it appeared that there was something wrong , or a suspicion of something wrong , in the appointment . The question then was , whether that House was to pass a censure upon the advisers of the late appointment , or upon the object of it , by concurring in the motion . If on the latter , what , he would ask , became of all the arguments of those , who , in the most vindictive votes which they had formerly supported , denied that they had supported any Resolution which would amount to a perpetual exclusion of the duke of York from the office of Commander-in-Chief ? If it was not right that his royal highness should be appointed now , when a vacancy had occurred in the office , at what time would it be right ? If after two years of expiation he ought not to be restored to office , after what period of expiation ought he be restored into an office for which he had more than common talents ? It had been argued , that it formed an additional ground of censure , that the Prince Regent had been advised to make this appointment during the sitting of the same parliament which had passed the previous Resolutions on the subject of the duke of York 's conduct ; yet so far was he from concurring in this opinion , that he thought the circumstance an extenuation , if the act even were censurable . It was undoubtedly an extenuating circumstance , that , advising the appointment , ministers 508 had not availed themselves of the facility of effecting it during a recess , without the danger of its being immediately called in question ; and that they had resorted to the measure pending the sitting of the same parliament which had voted the former Resolutions . If that parliament had been dissolved , and a succeeding parliament called upon to rescind the Resolutions it had passed , he would allow , that such a course might be liable to the objection which had been urged . He would admit , that it was allowable to look back to former proceedings , in order to construe , by referring to the opinions then delivered , what was the intention of