a reference to the already-protracted length , the frequent failures , and burthensome nature of the contest . I am aware of this ; but I am convinced , that , however unwisely we have hitherto conducted the war , we possess the means to act otherwise—and if it be admitted that we can not make peace with safety , the war should be carried on with energy , unless we would have the power of Britain crouch to that of France . It is , then , incumbent on us at length to put forth our strength—if we do not , then indeed will all our former exertions have been rendered wholly unprofitable . I admit our expenditure hitherto to have been immense—in many instances , profligate and useless ! What sums have there not been expended since 1793 , on coast and insular expeditions , and on some , most wild continental ones , many of which have not been enumerated ! How many millions in subsidies , some of them most objectionable—in foreign levies—home fortifications , quite unnecessary—barracks , and other whims ! —A small part of these sums would have enabled us to have acted as principals , most formidable , too , on the continent . We have been reminded of the war system of our ancestors—that we should adhere to that , 544 and depend on our navy . It is idle to , look for precedents in times quite dissimilar to those in which we live . Our ancestors knew no such dangers as those to which we are exposed . I have lamented the division and misapplication of oar force , and have expressed a wish for concentrated , formidable attacks—for war with energy , not as we have waged it—war with no partial views , but comprehending the interests of the civilized world—war , as the soldiers of a great empire , not as the pirates of a petty state ! It is evident from a retrospect of our proceedings , since the commencement of the war , that we have never been in sufficient force on the continent , and on reference to the Army Estimates of each year , it appears , that we have not employed in our continental expeditions , any thing like the quantum of force , which the military establishments of the country enabled us to employ—that we have never been at the moment , nor at any point , where supposing success to have attended our arms , we , or our allies , could have essentially benefited ; that we have never anticipated , but have always awaited in stupid gaze the coming of events ; that we have therefore never prepared before hand ; that we have seldom had a fixed plan of our own , but have usually looked to the enemy for our motions ; that of such plans as we had devised , and attempted the execution , most of them were conceived in utter ignorance ; some accomplished , and others sought to be accomplished , in violation of solemn treaties , and the most sacred principles of the laws of nations ! We have lost the finest opportunities ! We have exhausted ourselves in a vast variety of insular , and some purely buccanneering expeditions , which have thrown a deceitful colouring of glory on our arms , and which appear to have enriched , while , in fact , they have impoverished the state , and deceived the people with , an appearance of security , strength , and prosperity , entirely fictitious . But this is not the moment for complaint , the past is irretrievable—the future is yet our own ! I can not conceal from the House my conviction , that this contest , sustained in the manner in which we are now carrying it on , can not fail to terminate fatally . At this moment the efficient force under lord Wellington is over-rated at 25,000 men . It is also divided , and opposed by superior French armies—these armies , certain soon to obtain considerable reinforcements . 545 What are our