next session of parliament . What he proposed now , was a number of propositions , which he wished the House would order to be printed , in order that they might be generally known and considered , not only by their lordships but by the public at large . This he meant as the foundation of a general and comprehensive system , for securing an efficient and never-failing circulating medium to the country , which was so necessary under its present circumstances , when , from various causes , it was impracticable to use what were technically called the precious metals , as such . Under the present system , it would be in the highest degree unjust to render the Bank notes a legal tender . He meant generally , as individuals might easily be placed in circumstances , with reference to the possibility of a fictitious or forged note being passed upon him , that whether they refused or accepted the tendered note , they might be equally losers . With respect to the public creditors , they might safely be rendered a legal tender , because their payments coming directly from the Bank , there was no fear of forgery . But the system which he proposed to substitute , and which it would be found ere long necessary to adopt , or something like it , was such as would do away all apprehensions of the kind . The system , as recommended by his Resolutions , was , to constitute branches from the Bank of England , in the different counties , so that they might pervade the whole—that books of 909 credit should be opened at various certain place , where notes to any amount , or for very small sums , should be received from individuals , at their pleasure , and an equivalent credit given to them in the Bank Books so distributed , for the money lodged—that the power of transfer should be allowed from county to county , or from place to place . This was a system which would preclude the necessity of regarding gold , silver or even copper , as the fixed and invariable circulating medium—a system , which recent and long continued experience had proved to be utterly impracticable , on account of their fluctuation in price and occasional scarcity . It would fender forgeries impossible , and put it out of the power of invasions , insurrections , or domestic violence from producing any fatal or dangerous effect . In this view , it was proposed , that triplicates should be made of the entries of credit ; one for account of the individual party ; a second for the general Bank in London ; and a third for conservation in the Tower . Under such a system , it would not be necessary to limit the issues of the Bank , as suggested by his friend , a noble marquis then absent , to their present amount . They might be allowed a much larger circulation . All this proceeded on the conviction of their solvency , which they would be afforded frequent opportunities of proving . And for the farther satisfaction of parliament and the country , the government and company should be required to lay before both Houses , at an early period in each session , an exact account of the numbers in circulation . Under such a system , a plan might be adopted to prevent forgeries as to the notes themselves . A practice , which the present wretched engravings of those instruments only tended to encourage : and which the directors seemed to adopt from a principle of mistaken economy . The noble earl then read his Resolutions as follow : 1 . `` That an internal circulating medium , which shall be a legal measure of the relative value of different commodities and things , is essential for transacting the private affairs of individuals , and the public concerns of the state , and for enabling debtors to make to each of their respective creditors a legal tender in satisfaction of his or her just demands