those papers in the interest of government were favoured with government advertisements , and it was not productive , as there had been only the sum of 2,500l . raised , although it had been stated at 30,000l . The proprietors of newspapers in Ireland were al-lowed only one and a half per cent . upon payment of duty , while those in England were allowed 17 per cent . which afforded another instance of its being contrary to the act of union between the two countries . He concluded with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the Act of the 50th of the King as imposes an additional duty of two shillings for every ten lines which every advertisement , proclamation , order , or act of state , published in any Gazette , News-paper , Journal , or Daily Accounts shall contain , over and above the first ten lines , and as imposes a duty of one halfpenny on every hand-bill in Ireland . '' said he was willing to place the Irish newspapers on the same footing as the English , if the right hon . baronet desired it ; but he suspected , if so , that the right hon . baronet would not be a favourite with the Irish printers . He must say , that it was rather ridiculous in some gentlemen to talk of the duty on advertisements as being detrimental to the liberty of the press , when the two subjects were in nowise connected . The worthy baronet seemed to think that he had violated the act of union by laying on some duties in Ireland higher than in England . The worthy baronet when in office did the same thing . He may shake his head , but he did . `` Yes , ( said Mr. F. ) you laid a tax upon jaunting cars . What 's the reason you do n't hold up your head and answer me ? You laid a tax upon jaunting cars , and you laid a tax upon licences for public houses . I do not blame you , I did the same thing . ( A laugh . ) It is not fair , however , that you should accuse me of that as a fault , in the commission of which you must have thought yourself perfectly justifiable . '' I really , Sir , can not help remarking the surprising change of temper which has so suddenly manifested itself in the right hon . gentleman . A few minutes ago , when the hon . gentleman 313 below me ( Mr. Bankes ) said that Ireland was a burden upon England , he was instantly all on fire ; and well he might . If Ireland is a burden upon England , where are you to seek the reason ? Where but in the oppression , the injustice , and the tyranny of this country , which has so long enthralled Ireland ; which has debased her for three centuries . I do not wonder , however , at the sudden good humour of the right hon . gentleman . I hear a few of the worthy gentlemen opposite have been amusing themselves this evening elsewhere . ( A laugh . ) Really I am very far from blaming them ; indeed I am one of the last in the House who would desire to interrupt their diversion . The right hon . gentleman has said , if the Union is to be violated , it is best to repeal it at once ; now , all that the right hon . gentleman has done with respect to the press , is a violation of the act of union ; a violation of that clause which says , that no taxes are to be raised in Ireland higher than in England . It will not be the least excuse for him to say , that my right hon . friend beside me did so too . Even if it was the fact , it would not excuse