something into the degree of the rise in the price of bullion , and into the degree of the unfavourableness of the exchange : —Which nobody denies . But to acknowledge the tendency of a depreciated currency to produce certain effects , —to acknowledge these effects to have been produced to an extent , and to have continued for a length of time , unexampled in the history of the country , —and then to expect that upon the mere dictum of the right honourable gentleman , his adversaries in the argument shall consent to ascribe those effects wholly to other causes , of which they deny the sufficiency , altogether excluding the operation of that one , the efficacy of which he himself admits , is to reckon upon a degree of ductility in those with whom he argues , which even the right honourable gentleman 's authority is not entitled to command . On the other hand , does the right hon . gentleman contend , that the depreciation of our currency , even if it existed , would not affect the exchange ? To argue that it would not affect the price of bullion in that currency , is certainly more than he can venture . But it has been contended by others who take the same side with him , that depreciation `` of internal value '' in the currency of a country has no tendency to alter the foreign exchange . Is this the right honourable gentleman 's meaning ? By `` internal value , '' I now understand the right hon . gent , to signify not `` intrinsic value , '' as I was at first inclined to suppose , but value in internal or domestic currency , as opposed to value abroad . The proposition then of those who push the right hon . gentleman 's argument to its extent , is , that the currency of a country may be depreciated to an indefinite degree , and yet , if the inhabitants of that country continue , no matter whether voluntarily or by legal compulsion , to re- 117 ceive that depreciated currency at its full nominal value , the foreigner has no business with it , and the foreign exchange would not exhibit and symptom of being affected by it . The very definition of exchange , about which I apprehend there is no dispute , is of itself sufficient to confute this doctrine . The par of exchange between any two countries , being an equal quantity of precious metal in the respective currencies of those countries ; how is it possible , that if by any process the currency of one of those countries shall cease to contain or to represent that quantity of precious metal which it did represent or contain when the par of exchange with the other country was assigned—the currency of that other country remaining precisely the same—there should not take place a proportionate variation in the rate of the exchange ? To say that the rate of exchange will continue unaltered , when one of the currencies between which the comparison is made has lost part of its value , is to say , in other words , that an equation is not destroyed by a change in the value of one of its terms . We should be sufficiently alive to the fallacy of such a doctrine , if applied to the Currency of other countries , —In the edict lately published in Austria , which has been referred to more than once in the course of these debates ; while a gradual depreciation , amounting in the end to no less than 400 per cent , is acknowledged , and the paper directed to be current henceforth at 400 per cent , below its nominal value ; sundry excellent reasons are given why in Austria , in the particular circumstances of that country , this depreciation ought to occasion no manner of alarm—and especially why foreigners ought not to consider it as vitiating or confounding the transactions of exchange . The foreign creditors of Austria , however , probably entertain a