that we must go on in the same course in which we are proceeding : and thus to demonstrate , that the depreciation of Bank notes , which now amounts to twenty per cent . has no other limit , than the wants and necessities of government . If the House will not take warning from what has happened in other nations , at least let us derive instruction from our own legislative proceedings . On a former night an hon . gentleman stated the course of the American legislatures , even when acting under the control and supervision of the British House of Commons . After a paper currency was substituted for the precious metals in each State of North America , its depreciation speedily followed , and gradually proceeded in its course , during a period of sixty years , in times of prosperous trade , and in periods of adversity ; until parliament , disregarding the arguments , which now meet with so favourable a reception in this House , consulting the principles of justice , and impressed with a strong sense of the manifold evils resulting from such a system , proceeded to put an end to it by a legislative enactment . I refer to the act of the 4th of Geo . 3 , cap . 34 , the preamble of which never ought to be absent from our minds : '' Whereas great quantities of paper bills of credit have been created and issued in his Majesty 's colonies , or plantations in America , by virtue of acts , orders , resolutions , or votes of Assembly , making and declaring such Bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of money ; and whereas such Bills have been greatly depreciated in their value , by means whereof debts have been discharged with a much less value than was contracted for , to the great discouragement and prejudice of the trade and commerce of his Majesty 's subjects , by occasioning confusion in dealings , and lessening credit in the said colonies . '' I humbly beseech the House to direct its attention most carefully to this instructive case ; because it affords an example applicable to our present situation in every part . First it shows , that whenever a paper circulation has been substituted for a metallic currency , no prudence in the issue of it ; no attachment to the principles of justice ; not even the supervision of parliament legislating as 1050 judges , and not as parties , can preserve it from depreciation . Can the representative of money be as valuable as the thing represented , unless convertible into money at pleasure ? Can a promise to pay , at a period indefinite , be as valuable as an actual payment ? In every state throughout the colonies , depreciation varied only in proportion to the moderation observed in the issues of paper . In some States it amounted to eleven hundred currency for 100 pounds sterling , while it was only one hundred and thirty per cent . in the wise , moral , and religious state of Pennsylvania . Secondly , it proves , that in such a state of things , the evil has no tendency to correct itself , and is no way influenced by what is called a favourable or unfavourable balance of trade . During 60 years , our American Colonies carried on the most favourable commerce ; yet they derived no accession of the precious metals sufficient to supersede the use of paper currency , though in the immediate vicinity of the mines which supplied the world . Thirdly , the proceeding is said by Adam Smith to bear resemblance to a scheme of fraudulent debtors to cheat their creditors , and its injustice and impolicy are forcibly set forth in the emphatical words which I have quoted from the act . But the Americans themselves were totally unconscious either of the cause or the result of the system . Like ourselves they attributed the fall of exchange to the deranged state of commerce , and being for