It was impossible to believe this , when we saw other countries in our 1098 situation , with plenty of gold . The whole of this difficulty had been distinctly foretold long ago , by writers on this subject , who were called speculatists , because they happened to see further than their antagonists , and had eyes with speculation in them . It had been foretold that our system would go on more slowly than that of other nations , because they issued to the amount of all their capital . But we were in the same road , and had gone too far , perhaps , to recede Instead of temporary expedients , the ministers ought to look the evil in the face , and adopt some fixed plan of proceeding . Their maxim , however. , was `` sufficient for the day is the evil thereof , '' and indeed , it was of no great consequence , for the system must go on till it extinguished itself . in reply to the observation of the hon . baronet , said that the bank directors certainly made no corrupt use of their influence , nor could they , without injuring their character in society . If the hon . baronet had any charge to make against them , it would be more manly and candid to do it directly , than to deal in suspicions and insinuations . He agreed with the member for Yorkshire , that this bill was a palliative , and not a cure for the disease . The only cure was to reduce the expenditure , which would enable the bank to reduce their issues . Another remedy , though an unpalatable one , was further taxation , to bring the receipts and expenditure nearer a level , instead of going on continually with a system of loans . Adverting to the plan suggested by the hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Brougham ) of cutting off a third of the debt , and putting an and to a part of the dividends , he observed that this might answer very well , if the landholders and others were to contribute in equal proportion . But this was 100 violent an expedient , and could not safely be resorted to . He saw no ground for the despondency with which some gentlemen appeared to regard our financial situation . If the supplies and expenditure were equalized , the operation of the sinking fund would free us , from our embarrassments : and he suggested that some taxes would bear augmentations , since by the depreciation they were not now paid at so high a rate as they were three years ago . When it was considered that the funding system was one of which the efficacy depended upon intervals of peace , and that we had been at war for the last 1099 18 years , it was surprising that the country supported its exertions so well . No one who travelled through the country could believe that it had been reduced by its efforts . On the contrary , he would rather be apt to say , that in the last 20 years it had flourished more than at any other period . For the present he thought that bank notes ought at once to be made a legal tender ; and he would himself have proposed this , had he not been sensible that some previous steps ought to be taken to secure public confidence in these notes . This , he thought , might easily be done , though perhaps it was too late to attempt it in the present session . hoped the House would indulge him for a few moments while he stated the reasons that induced him to vote against this bill ; and he rose thus late because he had been anxious before he spoke , to hear the opinions of some other members of his profession , especially those connected with the government , upon a subject so important—a bill deserving their attention more than any that had passed that session . It