metals are the sole medium of circulation ; and such is the state to which the doctrines of the Bullion Committee , if they were to be adopted , would inevitably reduce this flourishing and happy nation . Let us next proceed to compare our paper currency with that of other countries ; for instance , those of America and of France , which were first depreciated , arid afterwards totally failed , such failures being held forth as grounds of terror and alarm , in regard to the solidity of our medium of circulation . The following contrast will sufficiently explain the difference . , in allusion to former opinions of sir Sinclair 's upon this subject , said , that although the right hon . bart . had changed his mind upon the question of currency , he bad no right to suppose that others had done the same upon other subjects . The right hon . bart . had changed his mind just in time to be made a Privy Counsellor . ( No ! from the opposite side . ) Well , it was not just then , if the hon . bart . would have it so ; but it was just then that the right hon . bart . bad signified his determination to publish a pamphlet on the question , and that pamphlet on the side of government . It was , however , not fair to impute to him ( Mr. Whitbread , ) any of the versatility which the right hon . bart . might feel . As to the opinion which he ( Mr. Whitbread ) , had delivered with respect to the campaign in Portugal , he had spoken from all that he was allowed to know . Put when more ample information came , and lord Wellington 's plan was developed , there was not any person in that House who was more willing to give that officer full and ready praise . defended the conduct of the directors of the Bank of England , and denied that the Bank had any interest distinct from that of the public . In speaking from himself , which he had done in all that he had said upon this subject , and not as a person commissioned to state to that House the sentiments of the Bank , he was free to say that his situation as a director derived to him no advantage whatever , save what flowed to him , in the channel of the public interests . He was no farther a stock- 169 holder than as holding that portion of stock which was necessary for him to qualify himself for his situation as Bank director , and he had no connexion with the stocks but as a Bank director . In order to shew the fallacy of the arguments which had been resorted to , to prove the depreciation of the paper currency from the high price of guineas , he stated that there was a Dutch gold coin , called the Ruyder , which was worth fourteen guilders but which , by the laws of Holland , was not exportable . It was well known that a piece of bullion of equal weight and fineness , Would in Holland sell for 12 per cent . more than the Ruyder , because the Ruyder was not exportable . He repeated his vindication of the Bank , and contended that their paper issue was not regulated with a view to the raising of any excessive or unreasonable profits . rose merely to make one or two observations upon what had fallen from the right hon . bart . and the hon . gent , who had just sat down . He apprehended that the right hon . bart . had in his zeal for the paper cause let out considerably more than the advocates of paper could wish to have disclosed . He seemed not only to deny the evils of an excessive paper issue , but to hail it as another and most promising system of finance ; and that , as for the vulgar prejudices