the national wealth ; but whatever it was , still he was entitled to that proportion . He himself had no money in the funds , his whole property was in land ; but they had to remember that their estates were a part of the national wealth . The public creditor was the mortgagee on these lands , and they were the mortgagers ; and they had not a right to one farthing of the revenue of their estates so long as the public creditor should remain unpaid . He would suppose an in dustrious carpenter who by 50 years of his life spent in ingenuity and hard efforts , had been able at last to accumulate one hundred pounds a year in the funds : could any man endure the idea , that this poor man should be reduced to receive only ten pounds , while a landed proprietor should continue to receive his 30,000l . a year unimpaired ? He had been called the advocate for farmers , and he would now be called the advocate for stock holders . Yes , he would own he was the advocate for both farmers and stock holders . He was their advocate in the same way as he had been the advocate for the abolition of the Slave Trade , the advocate for the Catholics , and lately of the Protestant Dissenters , because of justice ; and he might add , that he was a friend to the landlords themselves . A noble friend had called him the saviour of the landed proprietors ; and it appeared that he was speaking this opinion of the landed pro-prietors themselves when he said this , as was evident from the former division on this Bill . expressed himself , glad that his noble relation bad then , for the 867 first time , brought forward a charge in that House , which had , for some time before , been in general circulation , a charge which not only involved the characters of many individuals both living and dead , but what was more , which involved the character of this nation . His noble friend had told them , that the assignats of France had been counterfeited ; and he had told them further , that they were counterfeited by orders of the government of this country . He though that his character had been better known to his noble friend , than that he should have supposed him concerned in any transaction of such a nature . On this subject he was able to speak , and he would venture to say that this charge was most grossly calumnious ; that it was one of the most unfounded aspersions that was ever advanced ; and that he had never once harboured a thought , or participated in any one act , which could implicate him in the smallest degree in such an accusation . He could not take upon him to speak of what was done by men who acted only for themselves , and some of whom were not now living to answer the charge : but he would say , that nothing of such a nature could have been done by the King 's ministers without his being privy to it ; and he then solemnly protested in the name of Almighty God that he was innocent himself of the charge which had been so brought forward ; and , that he was firmly persuaded , that every man who served the King during the whole course of these two calamitous wars , were equally innocent with himself . trusted , that as the noble earl , the father of this Bill , had alluded to debates on a former evening , the same forbearance would be shewn to other individuals . The whole was , indeed , but one protracted debate on the same subject . He could not help thinking that the misunderstandings which had arisen in consequence of this Bill , had produced a sort of mental earthquake in the House . He had suffered by this as well as others ; his