to alter the situation of things , to diminish that degree of blame 486 which he then thought attached to his royal highness , and even to cause doubts of the truth of what remained . He asked , had not his royal highness been already sufciently punished for his indiscretions , he could not call them crimes ? The noble lord said , that removal from office was no punishment . To his mind it was as degrading a punishment as it was possible to conceive . This was a punishment inflicted by the House , not on his royal highness as Commander in Chief , but for a breach of his moral character ; for having had too much confidence in a fascinating woman who had deceived him . He put it to every gentleman in the House to say whether the punishment had not been too severe . When they scrutinized the conduct of the Duke of York , he advised them to look to themselves . Let him who was immaculate among them throw the first stone . For his own part , he hoped he might be excused for the vote he had given on a former occasion , as proceeding from an error in judgment , not one of the heart . In the present critical situation of affairs there was occasion for an energetic Commander in Chief . The Duke of York was known to be beloved by the whole of those over whom he presided ; and to be competent to the situation beyond every other person . disapproved of the motion of the noble lord , and was of opinion that his Majesty 's ministers were entitled to a vote of approbation for advising the Prince Regent to restore his royal highness . It would , in his opinion , have been rather an act of ministerial cowardice ( if he might so express himself ) to have abstained from giving that advice . His royal highness was better qualified for the situation than any other man , added to which , there was not a man in the army who did not almost worship him . With respect to the imputations on his moral character , he lamented as much as any man the necessity for those imputations , but it would become the House to recollect that the charges were established by as profligate a set of witnesses as had ever disgraced a public tribunal . was desirous to state his reasons for the vote he should give , standing as he did in a particular situation , and having partaken of the general feeling at the time of the inquiry . He had then laboured under an impression since removed , that some degree of blame attached to his royal highness . He then 487 thought that he had discovered a blot in the character of his royal highness , and notwithstanding the friendship with which he had been honoured , he could not abstain from doing his duty , in voting against him . That impression was now completely removed , and he could assure the House , that there was nothing more pleasant to the feelings of the army than the restoration of his royal highness . The situation of the country was such , that it was fit a prince of the blood should , if competent thereto , have the command of the army . The recognised merits of the illustrious duke in a military point of view , entitled him to the thanks of the country , and therefore he should vote against the motion of the noble lord . never having had an opportunity of delivering his opinion on the charges against his royal highness , begged to be indulged with a few words on the present motion . The noble lord who opened the business had said , that the royal duke had not been punished by being removed from his office . Was it no punishment to a man of a feeling mind to be removed out of the sphere in which he was accustomed to move , and in