that he never expected in that House to have heard the minister applauded for giving a decided preference to any other part of the legislature . was a good deal surprised at the manner in which the question had been discussed . It was not a question of party . He saw , however , that he was likely to vote in a small minority ; but however great the majority against him might be , it was still a majority against the House of Commons . He had been accused of inconsistency . He had never used the word privilege . He had been cautious of that . He had seen too much 363 of the effects of the high privilegians ; he had seen the odium into which they had brought the very term ; he had seen a motion put into the mouth of the Speaker , which had brought these privileges to be canvassed before a court of justice , He had been accused of inattention . The `` lay on which he intimated his motion , was a day on which no business was ever discussed in the House ; and on Monday , the second day , it was necessary for him to be absent on public business . He called upon the Speaker to bear witness , if he was not a vigilant member of the House ; and he thought it rather hard , that while he had been sometimes charged with a troublesome sort of activity , he should now be charged with negligence . He would have brought the motion forward on Monday , but he was called away on public duty . He had travelled many miles to bring forward this unsuccessful motion.—He then proceeded to consider what had been said by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer as to the refusal of the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue sums upon the responsibility of the minister . Was this case at all in point ? The right hon . gent . was then keeping the throne unnecessarily vacant , and was usurping the power which could only belong to the Crown . He said the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been beaten again and again on Mr. Palmer 's claims ; but he had shewn he could stoop to conquer ; and that which he could not do in one House , he would attempt to do by another . With respect to the case which had been quoted in queen Anne 's time : did the House of Commons say they would make good the sum ? By no means . And the answer was most proper ; that an estimate would be laid before them . Had the minister in reading the Address to the Prince Regent , thought fit to stop at the words make good , would he not have deluded the Prince ? The answer returned was extremely ungracious : it was as much as saying , `` You fools , you do not know what you are about—you are mere babies—you are going to get into a quarrel with bigger boys than yourselves , who will lick you . '' With respect to what had been said about the power of the Crown to refuse assent to Bills , he would ask , if the Bill for Catholic Emancipation should pass both Houses , whether any minister of the Crown would dare advise the Crown to interpose a veto ? He asked , with what consistency an hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) could 364 oppose this question , who himself on the failure of the Reversions Bill in the House of Lords , proposed to set aside the Lords by an Address to the Crown . He should have liked to have heard what he would have said if any minister of the Crown had advised the granting any Reversion after such an Address ! He asked if it became the right hon . gent . to say to those who furnished the Crown with the sinews of war , that they were not sufficient ?