hoped the hon . member had taken such steps as were incumbent upon him ; but as nothing had been done , he felt it his duty to bring it before the House . He had searched the Journals for the purpose of ascertaining whether the privileges of the House extended to the protection of the hon . member , but he could not find any exemption from process of indictment for offences ; and in the year 1641 , ( certainly not a very propitious period to refer to ) , upon a report made to the House of Lords , they came to several resolutions , one of which was , that the privilege of parliament was not to extend to cases of breach of peace , or to any thing done out of parliament : and subsequent to that period , it appeared from the best authors , most of whom were summed up in the admirable work of Mr. Justice Blackstone , that no member could claim exemption for an indictable offence , or for any libellous publication . There , therefore , could exist no difficulty on the mode of proceeding in point of privilege ; but , if the statement in the petition were true , there existed some difficulty from the opinions delivered by law authorities out of doors , that the privileges of the House intervened to prevent the administration of justice to the party aggrieved . observed , that as the hon . member had brought forward a very grave case , deeply affecting the reputation of a member of that House , who was absent , it would be more regular , before the petition was presented , to give an opportunity to that member to be present , by appointing 464 a day for bringing the subject forward . approved of the suggestion of the Speaker , and moved , `` That Mr. Richard Mansell Philipps be required to attend in his place upon tomorrow se'n-night ; '' which was agreed to . rose to make the motion of which he had give notice . The noble lord began by stating that he had before had occasion to trouble the House on this subject , but he then failed in his attempt to obtain justice , on the ground that there was not sufficient evidence of the facts stated to warrant the House in entertaining his motion . He had since however personally been at Malta , and had procured such a chain of evidence , that if the House should now be pleased to entertain his motion , he had no doubt but he should be able to lay before them such a connected string of evidence of flagrant abuses in the Vice-Admiralty Court at the Island of Malta , as would astonish all who heard it He would undertake to prove , that if the Court of Admiralty at home would do their duty one third of the naval force now employed in the Mediterranean would be sufficient for all purposes for which it was employed there , and that a saving might be made in the naval service alone of at least five millions sterling a year . If the Committee for which he moved last year had been granted , the evidence to prove this might now have been before the House . The noble lord then read a letter from a captain of a vessel at the Cape of Good Hope , complaining '' that the officers of ships of war were so pillaged by those of the Vice-Admiralty Courts , that he wished to know how they could be relieved ; whether they could be allowed the liberty to send their prizes home , and how far the jurisdiction of the Vice Admiralty Court extended , for that the charges of that Court were so exorbitant , it required the whole amount of the value of a good prize to satisfy them . In the case of one vessel that was sold for eleven thousand rupees , the charges amounted to more than ten thousand . This was the case at Penang ,