publication , but after one person had been acquitted for a similar publication , he could not but think the punishment allotted to it was severe indeed.—As to Collyer , it was admitted that he was an illiterate man , and that supposing himself injured , he , in a stale of irritation , employed another person to write out a statement of his case , desiring him at the same time to guard against every thing libellous . He agreed with the Attorney General in thinking that the person who composed the libel was the more proper object of punishment . He thought that the commissioners might have been satisfied with conviction merely , without sentence ; but if sentence was necessary , he was decidedly of opinion that twelve months imprisonment for an offence of the kind was such an excess of punishment , that it ought to be mitigated in that quarter alone from whence mercy ' could now flow : —an exercise of the prerogative which , he was convinced , would give satisfaction to the public , and to the Attorney-General himself . said , if in the case of the libel published by Drakard , one jury had acquitted and another had convicted , it was for the judges , when called on to pronounce sentence of the person convicted , to satisfy their own minds which of the two verdicts had been founded on mistake , and to pass a mild or severe sentence accordingly . If the noble lord contended that the court had erred in their judgment on this point , why had he not given the publication to the House . The fact however was , that the publication for which a verdict of acquittal had been obtained , was not a copy of the whole of the publication which another jury had declared to be a libel . As to any application at the fountain of mercy , in the case of Collyer , he begged the House to consider what was the nature of that case . It did not depend on the particular words of the publication , but on the mischief likely to be produced by it , and the effect it was calculated to produce on the minds of those against whom it was addressed . It was to be considered that 605 they were persons who served without reward , and that they lived in a populous neighbourhood , whose indignation against them such a publication as the present was peculiarly calculated to excite , they being here held up as persons who felt delight in oppression . The court could not but have had these circumstances in view , and influenced by all the merciful considerations which ought to govern their minds , corrected , however , by a regard to what the public service required , they had passed the sentence now complained of . He must therefore oppose the motion . , though he did not think that the question was with out its difficulties , yet was of opinion that sufficient ground had been laid for the production of the required informations . He admitted that it was necessary support those who undertook the duty gratuitously discharged by the commissioners , and that if any man libelled those commissioners , he ought to be brought to justice : but be contended against carrying this principle to such a violent extent as that to which it seemed to have been carried in the case under consideration . To consent to the motion would certainly be to imply that the House of Commons thought there had been some harshness in the administration of justice ; but as he did not conceive that such an implication would be as detrimental to the public interests , as a refusal to inquire into the subject , he should support the noble lord 's motion . was surprised that the premises of the hon . gentleman should have led him to such a conclusion . The hon . gentleman allowed that such public officers as the commissioners alluded to , ought to be protected in the