bullion , which might easily be converted to guineas . This would be rather a difficult 938 operation for farmers living the distance of 150 miles from London ; but then it was said they might refuse to sell their commodities for any thing else than gold ; then they could not sell them at all . When they saw 14 millions in specie going out of the country for corn and for our army in Portugal , could there be a doubt of the scarcity of gold ? Gold , it was said , might be had from France as easily as claret ; but how was the claret paid for ? With guineas . And how must the gold be paid for ? With guineas . He saw no great advantage in an operation of that kind . He knew too well the liberality of mind which belonged to the noble lord , to think that he would proceed to extremities ; but if he did , his example would not be so seductive as to be generally followed . The tenant would be protected by public opinion—and there the matter ought to have been left ; but if the ministers did any thing at all , they ought to make the Bank notes a legal tender at once , for the present Bill did not afford them protection . The effect of the present measure would be , to make people see danger where they were not conscious that any danger formerly existed ; and also to establish two prices . With the view he had of the measure , he should have been of the same opinion , had he been in the House in the year 1797 . Till an inconvenience arose , he saw no occasion to provide a remedy for it . The present measure , to his conception of it , would produce consequences as injurious as could well be imagined . He was sorry ministers had not allowed matters to take their course , and suffered the noble lord to have tried the plan he proposed , a plan which he was persuaded he would not have persevered in , but which , if he had attempted to go oil with it , would have been found impracticable . The Bank of England , in his opinion , was perfectly solvent ; and the only effect of the present measure would be to bring them into jeopardy , if not to involve them in ruin . If Bank notes were once made a legal tender , then they would be like the French assignats , and might be increased to 100 millions , or more . understood the hon . baronet to oppose the Bill , from an idea that it was unnecessary , as he conceived it to be very unlikely that the example of the noble lord would be followed to any extent . Now , after what they had heard in defence of the principle and of the practice of 939 that which the noble lord was about to do , he thought it was rather too much to suppose it certain that his lordship 's example would in no case have been followed . He had the greatest respect for lord King , and he thought every one must admire his talents After reading his late publications . The example , however , which his lordship had set , he conceived to be of a most dangerous tendency ; and the Bill before the House , far from having any thing in it that could cause those inconveniences to arise which some gentlemen anticipated , was in his opinion , likely to prove highly beneficial to the country . Its first fruits , he conceived , would be seen in its relieving the tenant from the harsh treatment of his landlord . He did not wish to impute harsh conduct to lord King , but it was not improbable that his example had been followed by persons who were actuated by less honourable motives , who , encouraged by the applause with which that conduct had been