. Secretary right as to one point . He was present when the sentence was passed on Mr. Finnerty , and the jail then mentioned , he perfectly recollected , was the castle of Lincoln . He contended that the statement in the petition amounted to an allegation of solitary confinement . A learned friend of his had applied for admission ; he at first got a flat refusal , but on his pressing his right of access , he was told that Mr. Finnerty did not wish to see any body ; this evasion would not serve ; his friend insisted upon Yes or No , and intimidated them into their duty . The teamed gentleman then proceeded to comment upon the great hardship and injustice of lodging in the hands of a gaoler a power he might so easily pervert to satisfy the mean purposes of private pique . He insisted that the allegations of Mr. Finnerty respecting the dampness and noisome smell of the room were perfectly correct . Let the magistrates or gaoler who doubted them be treated with a night or two 's lodging in the same apartment , and perhaps they might be then better disposed to agree with him . A common sewer passed , through the middle of the room immediately under the flooring , and emitted a most noisome effluvia . said , he now recollected another friend of his who had called , and had been refused access to Mr. Finnerty . He was however admitted to him at a subsequent period ; and so dark was the room at mid-day , that Mr. Finnerty was obliged to read the letter he brought him at the grate by the light of the fire . repeated what he before said as to the advice he should give for the redress of Mr. Finnerty , stating at the same time , that he had understood that 738 the persons charged with the custody of the gaol of Lincoln had in general discharged their duty with fidelity and attention to the general accommodation of the prisoners . rose to call the attention of their lordships to a publication which had been put into his hands , the atrocious nature of which no words he was master of could adequately describe . He found it in a French paper , published in this country , and which he understood had considerable circulation on the continent . The passage he more particularly alluded to purported to be an extract from a weekly publication , entitled the Anti-Gallican Monitor , and written by a Mr. Louis Goldsmidt , which had never fallen into his hands . It was upon the tenor and tendency of that extract which he now wished to animadvert . The noble earl then read the passage , in which were enumerated the murders said to be committed by Buonaparté , from that of the duke D'Enghein down to the murder of captain Wright . It described the ruler of France as resorting to every means , however horrible , of getting rid of those who were obnoxious to him : he used the dagger in private , as well as the sword in the field : it was in vain to contend with such a man with any but his own weapons : we ought therefore to instigate the individuals of every country to retort his own weapons upon him , and to try the dagger , if by no other means the world could be delivered from him . Here , said the noble earl , was a direct exhortation , an open incitement to Assassination . And what opinion must all Europe have of the character of the British government and of the British nation , could it be imagined that such sentiments were countenanced here in any shape ? Sure he was , that he Majesty 's ministers coincided with him in the feelings of horror and detestation with which they would read such doctrines . It was under this conviction that he thus called their attention , and that of their lordships , to the infamous nature of