not a difficult passage in either of the learned languages , but a great question of state : a question therefore , not to be settled by divines , or by theorists in their studies ; however pious , or learned , or well intentioned ; but by enlightened , practical statesmen , such as many are whom I see on both sides of this House . But , that I may not be thought to flatter the living , I appeal to the dead ; and I will venture to say , without fear of contradiction , that the judgment of four such men as Mr. Burke , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Windham carries far more weight with it , upon a question like this , than the judgment of both the Universities , and indeed of all the divines who ever sat in convocation , under the dome of St. Pauls , or in the Jerusalem Chamber , from the Reformation to the present hour . There is , my Lords , no man breathing , who loves and respects his clerical brethren more than I do ; nor is there a `` ingle bishop on the bench who has cultivated a more general acquaintance , or closer intimacies , with men of his own profession ; indeed , the far greater part of my life has been passed among them , and happily passed ; but with ail my partiality far them , I never for a moment conceived , either myself , or them , to be statesmen , or politicians , nor do I believe that the wiser part of this very valuable body , will be displeased with me for denying their claim to a character which does not belong to us ; a character , with which we can not possibly have too little to do . Opinions like these I shall perhaps be told , ( indeed I have been told , by a few overheated or ill-informed zealots , ) that opinions like these , evince , both in myself and in others of far more consequence , a want of cordial attachment to the established Church and to its ministers . Upon this point , therefore , I wish , my Lords , to 670 be particularly explicit , and in my situation , it is highly incumbent upon me to be so . If by attachment to the established Church and to its ministers , be meant a firm , deep rooted conviction , that the Church of England , both in faith and in worship , in doctrine and in discipline , is the most pure , and truly apostolical Church , in the Christian world ; and that its ministers are , with very few exceptions as intelligent and as irreproachable a body of men , as any in the kingdom ; there is no man living who is more cordially attached , than I am , to the established Church , and to its ministers . But , if not satisfied with this declaration , if I should be called upon by any one , to declare further , without qualification or reserve , that those who dissent from us are grossly ignorant , or wilfully perverse ; that they are not fit to be trusted , either in civil or in military situations of high responsibility ; nor even to be believed upon their oaths ; if I should be called upon to declare , that nearly two thirds of civilized Europe , have adopted a creed , which is little better than a tissue of absurdity and idolatry ; if I should be called upon to declare , that a Fenelon , and a Pascal , men as remarkable for their power of reasoning as for their genuine piety , professed their belief in religious tenets which have no foundation whatever either in reason or in scripture ; if , in short , I should be called upon to declare , that many persons now living as sincere and as pious Christians , as loyal and as good subjects as