21st day of this instant May , of the Address of this House to his 344 royal highness the Prince Regent , humbly to beseech his royal highness to advance to John Palmer , esq . the sum of 54,702l . 0s . 7d . being the balance due to him on the net Revenue of the Post Office , from the 5th day of April 1793 to the 5th day of January 1808 , and to assure his royal highness that this House will make good the same , might be read , '' and the same was read , accordingly . then said , he thought he was justified , from the diligent search he had made , and from the information which , he had derived from various sources , in asserting , that Addresses similar to that which had just been read , and directed in the same manner to be presented to the throne , had , during a long series of years , been voted by that House ; and he also conceived himself justified in saying , that no Answer , like unto that given to this Address , had ever before been delivered at the bar of that House . It was well understood as a point settled and confirmed , that the House of Commons not only claimed , but had the right to originate all grants of money to the crown ; not only that , but they also had the right to appropriate and dispose of all grants so voted . Many salutary rules had been laid down , and a regular course of proceeding had been adopted with regard to the mode to be observed in granting the public money : the adherence to which was of great importance , as giving them a right to appropriate the sums voted by that House . Taking the subject up at the Revolution , and tracing it down to the present period , it would be found , that , in almost every year , addresses had been voted by the House of Commons , calling on the crown to advance sums of money for various purposes , and pledging the House to make good the same . In no one instance , where they had voted such an Address , or where the crown had , in consequence , advanced any sum of money , had the House ever failed to make good such advance . On various occasions the crown had applied to that House for assistance , relying on its powers and privileges as alone sufficient to grant the sums necessary for the support of the throne . The House , in answer to those Messages , had invariably taken on itself the right and the power of granting the object desired , or of relieving those necessities which were pointed out . It remained for the right hon . gent . and his colleagues , in this year , 1811 , to de- 345 part from the invariable practice of their ancestors , and make the crown , under the administration of the government by the Prince Regent , return an answer , implying a doubt either of the power or the will of the House of Commons to make good its engagements.—It would scarcely , he thought , be necessary for him to guard himself against the misconception of censuring the Prince Regent personally . His acts , like those of the sovereign himself , were to be considered the acts of the minister . And , in observing upon them he should regard them in the same sense , and speak of them with the same freedom . He did not think there was any necessity for recurring to a more distant period than that of the Revolution . In the year 1688 , when William and Mary filled the throne , an address was presented , praying that a donative might be granted to the foreign troops who had come over to England with William , and were then leaving the country . This was complied with , without the intervention of the