the legislature , though they might have the power , had not the right to do . He referred to a work of Thomas Paine , a man whose assertions in general ought to be taken , not with grains , but with ounces of allowance , but who had , in a certain pamphlet , uttered many things extremely worthy of notice relative to the national debt of the country . He approved of the remedy of double prices proposed by an hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Brougham ) , and referred to the cases of America and France . thought , if the object of the Bill was not to send all the remaining gold of the country as fast as possible to Ireland , he could see no reason for not extending the Bill to that country . thought it would be improper , at the end of at . Ses- 1017 sion , to introduce an alteration with regard to practices in Ireland , which had subsisted previous to 1797 , though some inconvenience might be felt . rose and said : Sir ; The delay that has taken place since my return to England , and the legal authorities I have consulted , will , I trust , evidence that I trespass on your attention with reluctance , relative to the conduct of the judge and members of the court of vice admiralty at Malta ; partly from a desire to avoid the possibility of private motives being imputed to roe , but chiefly from a conviction that parliament should not interfere in matters cognizable in the courts of justice . How far , under the last impression , I am warranted in calling upon this House to exercise an authority in the present instance , will appear by the opinions of sir A. Piggott , Mr. Holroyd , Mr. Leach , and of another learned gentleman who is not now in his place . `` Process of the Courts , '' says sir A. Piggott , `` does not extend to Malta , there is no mode whilst they are abroad to compel appearance to actions here . '' The answers of the other learned gentlemen being the same in substance , I need not detain you by reading them . Three years have passed since I memorialed the admiralty on this subject ; it can not therefore be said that I have acted with precipitation . Indeed , I have had time enough to reflect , and I do assure you , that I am fully aware of the responsibility which I shall incur if I fail in establishing whatever accusations I bring against a judge presiding in one of his Majesty 's courts , and against those acting under his authority ; but furnished as I am with original documents , having the signatures of the judge and members of the court , I am not inclined to shrink from the task of proving their violation of the acts on your table , especially of the 37 , 38 , 39 , and 41st sections of the 45th of his present Majesty , chap . 72d . The first of which empowers the King in Council alone , to make or alter a table of fees to 1018 regulate the charges in courts of vice admiralty , and yet , the members of the court of Malta fabricated one for themselves , which the judge subsequently altered by affixing a note in his own hand , abolishing the table in toto , except by reference to certain unascertained charges made in a distant court , which were not set forth . This note is as follows : `` At a meeting of all the members of the court shortly after its arrival , for the purpose of settling what should be considered as reasonable fees , it was agreed , that in no instance they should exceed the proportion of one third more than those paid for similar services in the high court of admiralty in England , '' signed `` J Sewell : '' who thus assumed the authority