high steward of that city ( lord Grenville ) . His noble friend could not attend in the House that night , but he was confident from what he knew of his opinions respecting the important subject of toleration , that he was favourable to the prayer of the petition . Ordered to lie on the table . observed , that persons not dissenters , but friends to the principle of toleration , had signed the petition . then presented many other petitions from Lewes , Portsmouth , Daventry , Colnbrook , Gloucester , and other places , which were also ordered to lie on the table . presented several similar petitions from different places . stated , that he had nearly 200 petitions to present on the same important subject . He should make no oilier prefatory remark , but say that they contained the same opinions on that question , which he himself maintained on the subject of the toleration act.—These petitions were presented , and ordered to lie on the table . They were from all parts of England , and some of them had an immense number of signatures . then stated , that he had above one hundred different petitions to present to their lordships on the same subject , and of the same tenor . The first petition he presented , his lordship stated , was signed by many persons not Protestant dissenters ; several of them beneficed clergymen of the Established Church , who equally with the Protestant dissenters deprecated any interference with the Toleration laws , and was signed by 896 persons . All these petitions were also received , and ordered to lie on the table . 237 The number of all the petitions received was about five hundred . The order of the day for the second reading of the Bill was then called for by several lords , when , after some pause had occurred , rose , and said , that in moving the second reading of this Bill , be should make no remarks on the number of petitions which had been presented against it , as he readily supposed that the petitioners sincerely believed what they had expressed with respect to the operation of it . His noble friend , the Secretary of State had truly stated , that great misconception and misapprehension had gone forth respecting the Bill , and he must add , great misrepresentation . The various public resolutions were , for the greater part , inapplicable to the real objects of his Bill . When the intelligent mind of his noble friend was not quite free from misconception , he could not wonder at seeing the misapprehensions of others . It seemed to be thought that some change was intended in our Toleration laws . What was it ? The object of the Bill , the clauses of which might be amended in the Committee , was merely to give uniformity to the two acts on which our system of toleration was founded ; its object was not to exclude any class of dissenters , but to comprehend all , according to the spirit and meaning of those acts . This was the sole purpose of the Bill . He was led to propose it from information be had a considerable time since received , of what was and is the prevalent mode of executing those acts . He lamented to think that the effect of those Bills was , that any ignorant person of depraved morals should be able , by taking the oath of allegiance , by making the declaration against Popery , and subscribing to certain articles of the church , declaring himself under the 19th of the present king , a Christian and Protestant , and a believer that the Old and New Testaments contained the revealed will of God , to claim his licence , and that his certificate should enable him to preach any where any doctrines he pleased ; and that this did , in fact , till 1802 , exempt him from many civil and from all military services . At first he could