begged leave , that if in consequence of the repeal of this tax , it should happen that any persons might be led to imagine , that al though the duties on gloves and hats were abandoned , it might be expedient to impose others on coats , waistcoats , shoes , or leather breeches , and in consequence to suggest such new duties to government ; it might be a great relief both to those persons who were so kindly ready to : furnish the Chancellor of the Exchequer with the Ways and Means of the year , and to that individual himself , to state that be did not 217 consider it expedient to tax articles of dress . This notice would not appear superfluous to the Committee , if they were aware how many letters he was constantly receiving , in which not only every habiliment which could be named , but even the bolts , handles , latches , and other appendages of doors and windows , were recommended by well intentioned persons as tit objects of taxation . He came now to that part of his duty which was always considered as the most irksome and unpleasant ; but on the present occasion he had the highest satisfaction in stating to the Committee , that they bad already in the course of the session voted taxes to an amount greater than that which was requisite to meet the burdens of the year ; and therefore that he should not propose to lay on a single new tax . The fact , indeed , was , that the sum voted was much larger than was wanted . Of these new duties which had been imposed , the principal was that on spirits ; the nature of which had already been sufficiently explained , which had received the sanction of the Committee , and the Bill to impose which was in a state of great forwardness . The probable amount on British spirits from the most accurate estimate that he could obtain would be 700,000l . The produce of the duty on British spirits in the year ended 5th April , 1811 , was 2,505,448l . to which , if the Committee added the amount of duty due from the Customs in Scotland , and unpaid for the same year , viz . 360,000l . it would make 2,865,448l . Upon this the additional duty of 19l . 4s . 7d . per cent . would amount to 551,000l . The additional duty of 12½ per cent . upon the present Excise duties on foreign spirits ( exclusive of rum ) , which produced 1,580,000l . in the last year , he would state at 200,000l . although he did not expect that it would produce so much . There were other taxes , which , although imposed last year , did not begin to operate until the present . Double the amount of the present duty on timber , on the average of the two last years , would be 622,000l . An additional 1d . per lb . had been voted by the Committee on all cotton wool brought from the American States , and other parts ( inclusive of British and Portuguese colonies ) , being on an average of the last six years , 35,304000lbs . and amounting to 147,100l . On pearl and pot ashes , imported , except from the British colonies , ? duty had been imposed of 4s , 8d , per cwt . 218 On the average of the last six years , the quantity imported annually was 111,000 cwt . making the sum of 25,900l . The duty on foreign linen , in proportion to the quarter ending 5th January , 1811 , ( when the duty first had full effect ) would amount to 71,600l These various sums , added together , would give 1,617,600l . The Committee would , however , be aware that these duties were of course subject to such diminution as might be occasioned by the discouragement of the articles on which they were imposed . This diminution would probably not be