had the honour to propose it . The Bill which he proposed in the first instance was so clear and plain , that every juryman in the country could understand it . He acknowledged himself the father , as he had said before , of the Bill , but since the noble earl and his learned friends had undertaken the nursing of it , it was so altered , that although lawyers might understand it , few jurymen he believed could . He conjured noble lords to consider that this was a legistive measure , which , of all others , required to be clear and plain , considering its objects ; 846 and it was one also which ought , as far as possible , to obviate the misconstruction of lawyers . observed , that his noble friend need not be apprehensive from the amendments which had been made to the Bill , that it was rendered obscure or unintelligible ; it was such as no juryman in the country could misunderstand . He could not however avoid remarking , with respect to the noble father of the Bill , that though he had committed it to the nursery of himself and his friends , he was very fond of attending in order to rock the cradle . To this he had no objection , and he trusted that wish the care taken in the nursing of the Bill , it would be rendered an efficient and salutary production . As to guarding this or any other Bill from the misconstruction of lawyers , he believed it would be found impracticable to do it , where they were so inclined . suggested the propriety of introducing a short clause for preventing the operation of the present Bill from extending to Ireland ; as from the different customs which prevailed in that country , in these respects , its application might lead to considerable inconveniences . acquiesced in the propriety of what had fallen from the noble Secretary of State , and was of opinion , that from the different modes and interval of paying the rents , no serious inconveniences were to be apprehended in Ireland , in the interval between this and the probable period of the next meeting of parliament . adverted to the Report of the Committee respecting the case of an individual who died some time since in the Marshal , sea prison , and observed , that in his opinion the evidence bore out the verdict of the coroner 's jury . He did not mean in this case to throw blame on any person , in particular , and understanding that a new prison was in forwardness , under the direction of the lord Steward , he had refrained from calling their lordships ' attention 847 to the subject . He must , however , be allowed to mention two or three circumstances respecting the management of the prison ; the hardships arising from which to the poor prisoner , would , he trusted , be corrected . In the first place , the prison was altogether insufficient for the proper accommodation of the prisoners ; in the next place , 14 days must elapse before the poor prisoner who was unable to support himself , could go through the necessary forms to obtain sustenance from the prison ; and lastly , the prisoners of this description were not allowed a certain ration of food , but a certain quantity , and no more , `` vas allowed for the whole , and if the number was large , the individuals could obtain but a scanty supply . If these grievances were not remedied he should feel it his duly to bring the subject before their lordships . thought it incumbent on him to say a few words in opposition to it , conceiving it , as he did , a Bill pregnant with the most prejudicial consequences to the country . Having been obliged to quit the House on Tuesday from indisposition , after hearing one of the cabinet ministers oppose the Bill as unnecessary , he was much astonished to learn