As to the punishment of gagging , it might sometime be rendered a cruel practice ; but when there was a notorious drunken scoundrel aboard , who not only drunk his own grog , but sold his clothes to buy the grog of other men , it would be very hard if the whole ship 's company , doing their duty watch and watch , should be kept awake by such a brawler , from the absence of power on the part of the officers , to prevent him from making any disturbance . He bad known some ships will governed without any punishment but that of shame . In one in particular , the delinquent was made ridiculous by being compelled to wear military jack boots and long spurs . On the whole , however , he was convinced that when men of war were on foreign service , it was impossible to manage the men without some other punishment than mere shame . said no reason whatever had been urged for the concealment of the minutes of the court martial , for which his hon . and learned friend had moved . He thought his hon . and learned friend quite justified in declining to mention names , recollecting that those who complained of any abuse in any departments , were certain to tall under the displeasure of ministers . The conduct of the officer in this case appeared to him to be entirely undefended and at common law amounted to murder . The hon . bart . then cited an opinion , as he stated , from Blackstone , that a man shooting at game without a licence , and killing a man through accident , was liable to be tried for murder . It was also laid down in all our law books , that the smallest participation in any felonious act rendered the accused amenable to all the consequences attending the act itself . lamented that his hon . and learned friend had not thought proper in the first instance to submit the cases which he had adduced to the consideration of the Admiralty , and in the event of their having been neglected , then to have brought them before Parliament . In the present instance , it appeared that the officer had been tried by a competent tribunal , and although acquitted of murder , convicted of cruelty , and that the severest sentence which the court could inflict for 1033 the offence had been passed upon him . Even On the supposition that the court martial bad been in error , yet this man , having been acquitted of a capital charge , ought not to be capitally questioned again . In his opinion , no grounds had been laid for the production of the minutes of evidence . regretted that his hon . and learned friend , for whose talents he entertained the highest respect , had brought forward the present subject . The principal part of his hon . and learned friend 's statements had been most fully answered . Adverting to the question of military punishments , while he acknowledged that those were the best regiments in which flogging was not resorted to , he was obliged conscientiously to say , what-ever odium might follow the declaration , that in his opinion , it would be impossible wholly to abolish the practice of flogging in the army . supported the motion , and trusted that the discussion would have as good an effect on the regulations respecting the discipline of the navy , as the discussion brought forward by an hon . hart , near him had had on the regulations respecting the discipline of the army . was surprized that the hon . and learned gent , should suppose that any persons who gave information of abuses to the board of Admiralty , would expose themselves to its displeasure . He could assure the hon . and learned gent , that the board of Admiralty was fully disposed to listen to all complaints brought before it , and had within his knowledge thanked several individuals by whom those