, not only unequalled by any thing that has hitherto ever affected this nation , but which it is almost impossible for the imagination to conceive . We are , however , in that miserable style of argument by which the measures of administration are generally defended , desired even now to shut our eyes to this alarming and extensive danger , and are told still to confide in our shield and buckler , as a certain armour against all the perils that surround us . A noble and learned lord has informed us that when Mr. Pitt first adopted the mensure , of the Restriction , he contemplated at the same time its indefinite duration . Really I am at a loss to know where the noble lord acquired this knowledge , but I do feel it to be my duty to declare , and it is a declaration which the part I took in the public councils at that period warrants me in making , that the most painful day both to Mr. Pitt and ray-self , of his and my political life , was that on which the circumstances of the country were deemed such as to impose on us the necessity of coming to parliament with that proposition as a temporary measure . By what considerations we were afterwards induced to extend it for successive short periods , it is unnecessary to explain ; suffice it to say , that they are considerations which I shall ever deeply regret had any influence upon my mind . I do assure my noble friend that I have long since fully concurred in the arguments which he has urged against the original policy of that restriction . It must be in the memory I of some who hear me , that I did oppose in 825 my place in this House , the Bill for extending the restriction to the end of the war , and even then considered the propriety of the virtual resumption of cash payments . Does the noble earl think then , that blame is rather due to me than to those ministers who now sit in silent apathy , and see the evil approaching to its maturity with the most perfect insensibility ? With regard to my conduct when last I held an office in his Majesty 's government , I beg leave to remark that I was from the month of February to the November following , engaged with many of my noble friends near me , in endeavours to preserve what we considered to be the greatest boon that could be obtained for the people of this country , a safe and honourable peace . Had that event been happily accomplished , the Bank restriction would have been consequently at an end . If called on to account for the subsequent four months which I passed in office , I am called on to perform a task of which I am not ashamed . From the moment when I found that a safe and honourable peace was not to be obtained , I bent the whole force of my mind to prepare and mature a permanent system , which by wise precaution and provident arrangement , might so economize and husband our resources , as to enable us to continue the contest , not merely for a few years , but to the most distant period . Without any of those extraordinary exertions which have since been made , and in my opinion for the must impolitic purposes , this system would have operated in the most beneficial manner . I did not forget that the restriction was a permanent evil , but I conceived that the most effectual mode of dispensing with it , was to place the government in such a situation as to deprive the Bank of the plea of its necessities to continue their own profits . I know that it is not , as it was said to be declared by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the want of gold in which the necessity of the continuance of the restriction originates . It is in the