no mention whatever was made of the impressed seamen , although they were afterwards released by an order from the Admiralty . This last circumstance was a most gross neglect . A minister from a foreign state made a representation to government ; of the justice of which their ultimate conduct was an acknowledgment ; and yet they did not condescend to notice the representation itself ! How would such conduct be characterised in private life ? would it not be termed most insulting and degrading to the party towards whom it was manifested ? On Sept. 21 , Mr Pinkney again addressed lord Wellesley on the subject of the blockade , referring to his former applications , and urging a reply to them . On Decembers , he wrote on the subject of the Fox . To this letter no answer was returned , although the proceedings were suspended until after Mr. Pinkney quitted the country , when the adjudication took place . The last of Mr. Pinkney 's letters was dated on December JO , to which not obtaining what he conceived a satisfactory reply , he desired his audience of leave . The hon . gentleman said he thought that after having heard these memoranda , the House would see the expediency of procuring the documents in an official form . But whatever might be the sentiments of the House on the subject , knowing , as he did , the serious evils which existed—foreseeing the dreadful events which might possibly take place in the course of the summer among those who were enduring such evils—being aware that hunger was a sharp taskmaster , and might drive to acts which he prayed God to avert , he felt it to be his duty to move , '' That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , praying that The would be graciously pleased to direct that there be laid before the House , copies of all correspondence between the Secretary of State for foreign affairs , and the minister of the United States of America , during the year 1810 . '' trusted the House would not be disposed to entertain such a motion as that made by the hon . gent without any previous notice having been given , and more especially when the hon . gent . himself stated , that he did not conceive his motion could be followed by any thing in the present session , but merely the production of the papers . If ever there was a case in which a notice of motion was peculiarly requisite , it must be when no other proposition was speedily to follow . If it were necessary to do any thing immediately , that necessity might be reasonably urged to induce the House to entertain a motion without notice . Here , however , there was no such necessity , and he was persuaded that the House felt too strongly the benefit to public business , which was derived from the practice of giving notices of motions , to depart from their usual course on the present occasion . The hon . gent . could have had but two motives in bringing forward this subject . The one was to make a speech , the other to obtain the production of the papers in question . In the first part of these objects the hon . gent . had succeeded ; and with respect to the second , as he himself declared , that it was not his intention to found any motion upon the papers during the present session , it appeared unnecessary to produce them until the next session . Such would have been his argument at any period , but if there ever was a time at which it was peculiarly incumbent upon the House to resist a motion of this nature , it was the present period , when no opportunity had been afforded for judging of the effect which might be produced by Mr. Foster 's mission to America . Vet , at such a moment did the hon . gent . come forward