whole subject , that it suggested to him the case of a patient beset by physicians , giving the most opposite prescriptions . In 1801 , assertions were made that Bank-notes had then depreciated ; no proof was , however , adduced ; and if the whole amount of currency when it consisted of gold , and paper convertible into gold , was compared with the quantity now in circulation , no presumptive , much less positive proof would be furnished of any depreciation arising from excess ; and that any had taken place from discredit , had not been asserted in any quarter . Their lordships had been told repeatedly of the fate of the currencies of other countries , but he could not perceive the traces of any resemblance between our own system of finance and that of any other European state . He was still more astonished to hear such frequent allusions to the issue of assignats in France , as if any points of comparison could possibly be discovered between the great corporation of this country , circulating notes on their private credit as a mercantile company , and the arbitrary , unbounded , and compulsory operations of a revolutionary government . In the year 1793 , that government issued 240 million in assignats , which in a subsequent year was increased to 800 million . This was indeed excess , but if the endeavours that were made to inculcate on the minds of the people a belief that Banknotes were nothing better than assignats in disguise , the prophecy might carry with it the means of its own fulfilment . He recollected well the numerous prophecies that had been made by many , whose names he would not now mention , but which happily furnished examples of the general failure of such predictions . It was stated by a great authority , when the restriction Bill was first proposed in 1797 , that if that measure should be adopted , the notes of the Bank would in six months be worth nothing . At that perilous and alarming period , when rebellion extended from Ireland to the Nore , that great measure was adopted by a distinguished character , and he firmly believed had accomplished the salvation of the country . When they now considered that the war in the peninsula , which had already proved so glorious and consoling to every Englishman , must be checked and paralysed , by any alteration 876 in the financial system , he hoped and trusted that the House would not be deterred from taking any proceeding necessary to its security and preservation . declared , that before he followed the noble lord into his argument on the question of depreciation , or into the justice of the eulogy which he had thought proper to pronounce upon ministers , he felt it impossible for him not to make some remarks on the sentiments and declarations of the noble and learned lord on the woolsack . When he considered that extraordinary speech , and reflected at the same time , on the situation and office of that noble lord , he felt the highest degree of astonishment and alarm . The noble and learned lord had begun by enumerating the different modes of proceeding by which the landlord could sue his tenant , namely , by action of debt , by action on the covenant , by ejectment , and by distress . He scarcely knew what to think of the observations which accompanied this statement , or to believe that the noble lord had himself wished to be understood . Did he mean to say , when he talked of the duties of the judges , that they should dare to refuse to any man the legal remedy to which he was entitled ? Did he intend to propose that an officer should be appointed to decide in court between notes that were good and others which were forged , or to impress this as a new duty on the Judges themselves ? Did he mean , he begged to ask , to counsel the Judges to refuse