discharge of their duty . Now , it was impossible that Mr. Collyer could have made a worse charge against the commissioners than that which he had done , except indeed he had accused them of corruption . He had charged them with taking a malignant pleasure in oppressing the manufacturers , already half borne down by the various evils which they were enduring . He could not conceive a more serious imputation than this ; nor one which more distinctly required the interposition of the law . The hon . gentleman allowed that if the motion were carried , it would imply an imputation on the court of King 's Bench . Unquestionably it would do so , more especially when coupled with some of the observations which had , been made 606 in the coarse of the debate ; and he should therefore oppose it . He never had been a friend to severe punishments ; but he confessed that having attentively considered the various punishments for libel , which had been inflicted by the Court of King 's bench during the last twenty or thirty years , he did not see that they had departed in the cases before the House , from the sound discretion which they appeared uniformly to exercise in such cases . If Mr. Collyer were entitled to lenity , that was a consideration which ought to arise elsewhere . It ought not to originate in that House , as it would throw a slur on the administration of justice , which , he believed , was perfectly improper . expressed his decided disapprobation of the Bill , as then before the House . He had uniformly understood the Bill to be brought in as a temporary insolvent act , on the withdrawing of his noble friend 's general and comprehensive bill , and that it was to have been exactly 'similar to the act of last year . This he feared was not the case . There were considerable variations ; and the sum was extended from 2,000l . to which it was limited in the last act , to the immense sum of 5,000l 607 This he did not expect . He disapproved of frequent recurrences to bills of insolvency , which not a little encouraged improvident expenditure , led to fraudulent practices , and too frequently were productive of injurious consequences to the honest and unsuspecting creditor . He was aware , from the nature of the business which came judicially before him in another place , that measures of the kind led to many and extensive fraudulent practices . The number of cases respecting promissory notes , bills of exchange , and negociable securities , was almost incredible ; and many of those had their rise from the frequency of such measures . Alive as he was to the calls of true humanity , he could not avoid saying , that for one unfeeling or vexatious creditor there were ten unworthy debtors . He did not expect to see the Bill , after what had passed , so different from that of last year ; and he understood the noble ear to have reduced the sum to 3,000l . could not answer exactly for what the noble lord had understood upon the point ; but on that head he had more than once pointedly declared his intention . He should not support a temporary insolvent bill , except it were on an ampler scale than the last one . He was adverse to the principle of these temporary and palliative measures . He differed from the noble and learned lord as to the principles he seemed to entertain respecting imprisonment for debt , and there were provisions in the Bill of last year which he never could agree to . The grounds on which he always advocated the cause of debtors , and strove for the melioration of the laws with respect to them , were , abstracted from feelings and considerations of humanity , consonant to the clear and incontrovertible principles of justice . contended , that the ends of justice would be best consulted by adhering to