first , no alteration is perceived : by degrees the price rises , first of one commodity , then of another ; till the whole at last reaches a just proportion with the new quantity of specie in the kingdom . In my opinion , he adds , `` it is only in the interval ; between the acquisition of money and rise of prices , that the increasing quantity of gold and silver is favourable to industry Those gentlemen who are eager to maintain an extended paper circulation , with a 87 view of Serving commerce , would do well to bear in mind this very sound observation of Mr. Hume . They should remember , that it is only by the perpetual increase of paper that their object can be fully effected . They should also reflect , that , in proportion to this increase , the exchange will be prejudiced , and the standard of the country forsaken . Mr. Hume goes on to specify some facts in proof of his general position And that the specie , '' says he `` may increase to a considerable pitch before it have this latter effect '' ( of raising prices ) , appears , amongst other `` stances , from the frequent operations of the French king on the money ; where it was always found , that the augmenting of the numerary value did not produce a proportional rise of prices , at least for some time . In the last year of Louis XIV . money was raised three sevenths , but prices augmented only one . The impression intended to be conveyed by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) was this ; that , inasmuch as as there was he exact correspondence between the quantity of paper and the state of the exchanges , at the periods which were specified by him , the evidence of facts was against the doctrine of the Bullion Committee , that a diminution of paper tended to moderate the exchange . His right hon . friend , if reasoning at the time of Louis XIV . might have shewn the evidence of facts to have been against the corresponding doctrine of Mr. Hume , that a debasement of the quality , and consequent enlargement of the quantity , of the coin of a kingdom , tended to raise prices . He would have only had ; to select some day almost immediately following the debasement , in order to shew that no perceivable consequence had followed . It then took a year to produce an effect amounting to 1–7th , when the whole ultimate effect ought plainly to be , and doubtless was , 3–7ths . The case of the Bank of France , in 1805 , might , in like manner , have been turned by his right hon . friend to the purpose of proving his own point . The restriction of its paper was not effectual at once ; it was not operative in any kind of regular proportion to its degree . These two cases served , nevertheless , on the whole , to establish the doctrine of the Bullion Committee . They shewed both the general effect and the irregularity of it . Nothing indeed , was more easy , than for one who in a case like this had the choice of the days on which 88 he was to make his comparisons , to state , facts which would seem to prove almost any thing . In one instance , this , right hon . friend , arguing from the amount of Bank notes on a single day ; had stated them three millions higher than a note supplied by a Bank Director ( Mr. Raikes ) had allowed them to be ; of which error he had become so convinced , as to have altered his resolution . It was only by averages of the amount , and not by : the amount on single days , and it was by looking to periods subsequent to the limitation of paper , that any sound inference could be made