, `` I doubt you will prove either false to your word , or that you will not have it in your power to redeem it ; and therefore , I will wait till parliament enable me to make the advance ? '' He appealed to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself , with how much perseverance and zeal , the hon . member who had supported Mr. Palmer 's claims had acted , and at the same time with how much propriety he had uniformly conducted himself , while his exertions , though uniformly successful in that House , had been as uniformly defeated cut of it . The minister , though opposed to a private individual , had been beaten times out of number , yet still had contrived to render the victories of his opponent of no avail . Such had been the manæuvres resorted to by the right hon . gentleman , by bringing the matter to be considered at the end of a session , by a thin House , after it had already been carried when the attendance was great , as to occasion the late Mr. Windham to remark , that this was not an appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober , but one from Philip sober to Philip drunk.—Having stated the various shapes in which the claims of Mr. Palmer had been before the House , down to the Address to the Prince Regent , the hon . gentleman contended that no symptom of any misunderstanding with the Lords appeared ; but if it should , the Commons were the judges of their own opinions , and if they chose to risk that rupture , it was not for the minister of the crown to interfere . The House was not to consent to be put under the tutelage of any minister , but was to be entitled to fight their own battles . The right hon . gentleman having 349 been defeated within doors , was resolved to be victorious out of the House . But it was for that House to tell that right hon . gentleman , that they would not consent to be thus let down , but would rather run the risk of a difference with the Lords . They were called on to Jet the right hon . gentleman know that they would not be put down by the crown : but would support these privileges , the greatest and best which they could possess.—The hon . gentleman concluded with moving , `` That whoever advised his royal highness the Prince Regent to doubt the readiness and sufficiency of this House to make good any sum which , in compliance with its Address to that effect , his royal highness shall direct to be advanced , gave advice calculated to disturb that good understanding between the Crown and the Commons which it is of the highest importance to support and maintain . '' then rose , and and spoke under the influence of such natural feelings , as rendered him scarcely audible . He expressed a hope , that he had , throughout all the discussions upon this question , conducted himself with becoming temper ; and he would confess , that the manner in which the debate had been managed on a late occasion , did put that temper to a severe trial . He should not then trespass on the House by replying to arguments which had been so often refuted ; but as he found that forbearance served only to provoke still greater hostility , he should on that occasion submit to the House a plain statement of the case . He should have expected of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who was the great opposer of Mr. Palmer 's claims , that having once made a promise upon the subject , he would have considered himself bound to perform it . That right hon . gentleman , and others , on a former night , had resorted to extracts from private letters on which to ground their accusations against Mr. Palmer .