, greater than for 14 . On what other principle but the probability of a progressive depreciation , was this advance of prices asked ? The noble lord , according to his own principle , must have been more aware than any other person , of the depreciation , and having been aware , would exact , at the time of granting his leases , a proportionate advance : yet now he was requiring to be paid a second time for that rise . Upon the principle of the noble lord , for all the leases granted by him in 1801 and 1802 , he ought to have allowed a deduction of rent in 1804 and 1805 ; for the price of gold was higher in 1801 and 1802 , than it was in 1804 and 1805 . If he did not make any allowance to his tenants then , he was not entitled to ask them for any addition at present . He would put it to the noble lord , if he had have carried with it irresistible conviction ; and the legislature has lately interfered to prevent the depreciation from becoming thus palpable and manifest . `` If gold is in demand for the payment of contracts , for instance , for the discharge of rent , it will now be necessary for the tenant to require two prices for his produce , one for gold , and another for paper ; or he may , if more convenient , dispose of the whole of his produce for the ordinary paper currency , and purchase the weight of standard gold ( if gold coin can not easily be procured ) requisite to discharge his rent or bond-debts , according to the spirit of his contracts . `` It has sometimes been said , that the total disappearance of gold , and universal substitution of paper in all payments , prove , that it is impossible to procure gold but it must be recollected , that the 812 made any such allowance ? He must have been more aware of the increasing depreciation than any man living , from his known talents , and the attention which he had paid to the subject ; but his tenants would not be aware of the intention of the noble lord , that he was going to set up a principle , that the rent was not to be a fixed Sum , but should fluctuate according to the price of gold . The noble lord had stated , that he had adopted this line of conduct for the purpose of calling the attention of government to the subject , in , consequence of certain Resolutions which , had been adopted by the House of Commons . But why did he not adopt this course earlier in the session ? He seemed to have put it off to the last period , that he might elude the vigilance of parliament . As to the question of depreciation , it was attended with great difficulties . He would , however , proceed to make one or two observations on what fell from the noble lord on this subject . He had said , that the advance in the price of gold must be attributed to an excessive issue of paper . Then in proportion as that issue diminished , the price of gold must fall . But if they looked to the papers which had been laid before the other House , they would be found not to confirm this doctrine ; for the price of gold has risen when there was a decrease in the issue of notes , and fallen when the issue was increased . He had also stated , that a depreciation was attended by a general rise in the price of all other commodities . No doubt if a depreciation of the currency whole question rests precisely on the inferior value of our paper-money compared with gold ; and there fore , as long as any considerable difference exists in reality , it is a manifest absurdity to imagine that payments will be made indifferently in gold