the short sighted perpetrators of it . After the assassination of Cæsar had the liberties of Rome been better secured than before ? Had the knife of the assassin been always pointed at the proper object ? Had it not frequently been directed against the breast of the innocent and meritorious ? Against the breast of Henry 4 , and Louis 15 , of France ; of the great Prince of Orange : and twice in our own days , of the existing monarch of this country ? Had not the king of Sweden been assassinated ? Had not the emperors Peter and Paul of Russia been assassinated ? And was it , then , prudent to preach up the doctrine that any individual was com- 779 petent to judge who ought to be assassinated and who ought not ? Before those persons told the Spaniard that he had a right to assassinate the emperor of France because he invaded Spain , let them recollect how recently Great Britain had attacked an unoffending nation , with whom she was not at war . If their doctrine were wholesome , let them reflect on the right which a Zealander ( inflamed by that which he should ever term a most atrocious violence ) would possess to arm himself on their principles with the poniard of vengeance . Let them reflect on the progress of our English empire in the East . Let them remember the march of British armies over the guiltless countries of Asia , for the purpose of deposing their unoffending sovereigns . Surely those sovereigns had in their courts individuals personally and warmly attached to them ; and were the doctrines to which he had alluded established , the hand of a subject of the nabob of Oude or Tippoo Sultaun might , with justice , be lifted in secret against those to whom his unfortunate sovereign owed his misfortunes ! There was something , however , beyond this consideration of the subject . The papers in which these doctrines had been asserted were published in this country in the French language , for the purpose of being circulated on the continent , and supposed to be so circulated under the auspices of the British government , for that which they imagined to be a wise political object . These papers accordingly went forth to the world , as sanctioned by this government . With that feeling they would be read by the person whom they declared it would be not only justifiable , but meritorious , to murder . Let it be recollected , that this person had pre-conceived the opinion that the British government were the instigators of the plot for his destruction , by means of the infernal machine . Let it be recollected , that he had told the people of France that the British government had landed assassins on the French coast for the purpose of secretly destroying him . What a confirmation would such statements on his part receive from the circulation of such doctrines as those recently promulgated ? What must be the necessary consequence , but that if this person conceived that the hand of the British government was thus raised against his person , that he would avail himself of `` very opportunity of retaliation ? The 780 very individuals who published these papers declared , that a person of the name of Haukwitzer had already been sent from France , for the express purpose of attempting the life of the sovereign of Great Britain . At the very moment that they became the advocates of assassination , they expressed their belief that Buonaparté had in his pay a band , ripe for any deed of blood . Were they aware of the vital danger to which they thus exposed the persons of their sovereign and his family ? For himself , having seen the doctrines to : which he had alluded maintained in those publications which were generally considered as having the support of administration , and having on the other hand seen the manly disavowal of those doctrines by a noble marquis , in another place ,