and information of the people of Ireland , which the United Parliament had not most cheerfully and liberally supported . He had no doubt this wise and generous policy would be most amply rewarded in the end . He concluded by moving , that 2½ millions be raised by loan for the service of Ireland . said , it had often fallen to his lot from time to time , to call the attention of the House to the growth of the Irish debt , and the inaccurate manner of arranging the rate of contribution at the time of the Union . He was willing to make every acknowledgment to the liberality of the United Parliament for its present inclination to assist Ireland to pay off a debt which it was impossible that she could pay herself . He admitted too , that Ireland had improved since the Union , but did not think it followed that she would not have improved with greater rapidity 226 if the Union had never taken place ; she had not carried in her improvement a capacity for taxation . In order to accomplish that , it would be necessary to circulate wealth among the middling orders of society , and inspire them with a relish for those comforts to which they were not at present sufficiently inclined ; the present generation in all probability would not live to see that change , but until such , change were wrought , he should disapprove of extending the taxation to Ireland . There was a portion of the Property Tax which , most unjustly , as he thought , was diverted from the Irish Exchequer to England , This ought to belong to Ireland alone , and if it had been allotted to her , and appropriated to the discharge of her necessities , she would not now be obliged to call for relief . The revenues of Ireland had made no progress adequate to the debt , and it was a fact , of which the right hon . gentleman could not be ignorant , that as soon as any tax was attempted to be increased upon tobacco , wines , or tars , the consumption of those articles fell off , and the produce , instead of advancing , fell back . As to the statement that much of the provisions intended for the consumption of the navy did not appear in the account , it was certainly true ; but it was equally true at the present moment , it never appeared in the books.—As to the grants for Education , he knew of no such thing . A Commission had certainly been appointed at his ( sir J. Newport ) investigation to inquire into the state of the different schools , but no grant had been make in furtherance of any plan , and he hoped that no religious distinctions would be made in the final proceedings to which that Commission might lead ; he would state positively that none was intended by those who first suggested its appointment . As to the fact of the merchants being relieved from fees , it was undoubtedly true ; but if he was rightly informed , they would rather pay their former fees than experience the inconvenience to which they were exposed in consequence of the present regulation . The building of the lighthouses was an expence defrayed by Ireland herself ; and , therefore , would scarcely be selected as an instance of the liberality of Great Britain . No instance had occurred for the last three years , in which her separate charge amounted to within 1,000,000l : of the joint charge ; this was one of the effects of the rate and quota of contribution adjusted at the Union , which so long . 227 as it was acted upon would render the payment of the debt impossible , notwithstanding the promise given at the time , that the consequence of the Union would be to diminish the expenditure by 1,000,000l . in time of war , and by 500,000l . in time of peace . The right hon .