House of Lords . In the case of the duke of Marlborough , the subject was confined to the House of Commons and queen Anne . When the same queen had directed the building of a number of new churches , a similar mode of proceeding was observed . This House had also provided for the wants of the civil list in that reign ; it was a very important circumstance , and he was desirous of drawing the particular attention of the House to it . The queen , being distressed for money , made on the 25th of June 1713 a communication to the House of Commons only , calling on them to extricate her from those difficulties , which the state of the civil list had occasioned . This case was the more remarkable , as some notice was taken of it by the Lords , not indeed after the manner to which ministers had now resorted , but still in a manner which shewed , that there was a feeling upon the subject . The duke of Bolton had said in his place , that such a proceeding was calculated to take away the importance of the House of Lords , he had gone so far as to name a day for a motion respecting it , yet , from whatever cause it happened , the motion was never brought forward , and the deficiency was made up by the House of Commons , without any farther step.—In the reign of George 1st , it was also resorted to , and it was remarkable that in the reign of George 2nd , the House of Commons addressed the king for an issue of money to augment the salaries of 346 the Judges , which was done upon that bare Address , without any notice of the Lords , who did not even discuss the question as theoretically as they might have done . The sum was made good , as all sums had been by the House to the crown . Coming down to the reign of his present Majesty there were numerous cases upon record . Among those , all public monuments were erected by the vote of that House , even without its knowing the amount of the expence ; so that the Commons took upon themselves to decide not only the grant , but the merit of the persons . In the cases of Mr. Mudge , Mr. Lownds , doctor Smith , and he was not sure whether doctor Jenner might not be added . The House of Commons had voted money without the concurrence of the Lords . There were two instances in the present reign , which were still more remarkable , which occurred at times when the Committee of Supply was open , to which no concurrence on the part of the other House was required , although opinions on the subject were so different , that on the Journals of the House of Lords a Protest was to be found , signed by the lord chancellor and archbishop of York of that day , and by several other peers , objecting to a part of one of those grants , which necessarily came before them . It was hardly necessary for him to say , that he alluded to the case of the great earl of Chatham , of whose merits and services no man could think more highly than he did . On the death of that nobleman a bill had been brought in , making a provision for two or three of the next successors to the title , and on the 2d of June 1778 a Protest was entered against the passing of this Bill , `` because '' , in the words of the Protest ; `` We can not agree to such an unwarrantable lavishing away of the public money , at a time when the nation groans under a heavy load of debts , and is engaged in a dangerous and expensive war . 2 . Because we fear that this act may in after times be made use of as a