, and the affidavits of the most honourable persons , it was hardly possible to doubt but Dr. Trevor had been guilty of gross oppression . An inquiry was had in consequence of the statement which he had made to the House , and he would now read some 758 passages from the Report of the commissioners.—He accordingly read some extracts , from which it appeared , that 13 persons had been confined in one cell , 18 feet by 12 , and the reason alledged for this was , that the prisoners would by this means be more under the eye of the keeper . It had been stated that Kilmainham gaol was a very clean place , but the report was , that though it had once been a Very clean place , yet for five years past it had been filthy beyond description . He was sure that the chief Secretary for Ireland must now feel very happy that he had agreed to the examination into the state of the prisons , which he ( Mr. S. ) had formerly proposed . As Mr. Mason 's case was at last to be investigated by the Irish government , he had only to express his hope that he would be fully heard in his own defence . Certain he was , that the language of Mr. Mason was not that of one conscious of guilt or afraid of trial . presented the Tenth Report of the Committee of Public Expenditure , which was laid on the table . In moving that the Report be printed , he begged leave to call the attention of the House to it , as it contained what he conceived to be matter of the greatest importance . It related to the speedy audit of accounts , which would tend more than any thing else to check an improvident waste of the public money . He had long wished to bring the subject of the tardy examination of military and regimental accounts before the House , but had never been able to do so till this session . These accounts were even in a worse condition than the civil accounts . Regulations were proposed to remedy the evil ; and though much yet remained to be done , he trusted that a most useful foundation was laid . The execution of the de tails he left to his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who he believed was well disposed to these improvements.—The Report was then ordered to be printed . , after stating that no one could be more desirous than he was to extend the light of Christianity wherever it could be done with effect and advantage , observed that he felt himself called upon to bring the subject of Missions to the East before the House , in consequence of a pa- 759 ragraph which he had seen , purporting to be a part of the proceedings of a society in this city for propagating Christianity . The paragraph in question he thought highly exceptionable ; for if the proceeding which it recommended were adopted , the effect would be to scatter disaffection among 40 or 50 millions of the most peaceable people in the world , and those strongly attached to the British . He was sure the member for Yorkshire himself , if he had sufficient local knowledge , would see the impolicy of any compulsory mean ? , of whatever description , to spread Christiainty in India . He hoped that some explanation of the paragraph in question would be given , and if that should be satisfactory , he would not press his motion for ail the documents sent to India since 1807 , relative to the missions in that quarter , otherwise he would . said that neither he , nor his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had ever heard of the measure alluded to till it was read at a meeting of the society for propagating the knowledge of Christianity in Africa chiefly , and also in the East . But he had felt no alarm at the