advertisements consist of decrees , which are of length , and the proprietor will lose these , and he will feel that the profit of his paper is lessened , because it does not afford the same information that it did before ; then the paper becomes less saleable , and thereby this tax is a tax upon his property . But , Sir , I am , in common with all the friends round me who support this motion , a sincere and zealous friend to the Press , but particularly to the Irish Press . I am sure it can not be too much encouraged , and he is the sincerest friend of the empire , who encourages all species of investigation in Ireland , through the medium of the Press.—If there be any part of the kingdom , where there should be less restraint than in another , it is in Ireland ; because , however , we may strive , we can not con- 193 ceal from ourselves that there is much amelioration and lteration necessary , before we can bring it to that happy state , which every Irishman , every Englishman , I may say , would desire ; and gentlemen here must get more information on the subject , and in no way can they get . so well or effectually as through the public press . In no place is the liberty of the press so necessary as there . —I do not think that the scale of taxation in this case is fair : it doubles every ten lines . Now , that is no principle of taxation , it may subject our Press to much heavier burthens , to a much greater weight , and ought not to be adopted . The right hon . gent . will be pleased to recollect that if what he said was true , that the tax dots not go directly to affect the liberty of the press , but it may affect the circulation of the press , and if you affect the circulation you affect the liberty of the press in this way ; that few men will undertake to conduct newspapers unless they are under the protection of other men of influence and weight , so as to convert the press at any time to the purpose of any minister . I beg leave to observe , that I think the right hon . gent . was perfectly disinterested in proposing this tax . He suggested a system of taxation to the amount of 300,000l. , and it must be allowed that they are not very popular , and it is impossible that that , or any new system of taxation , should be , very popular . The right hon . gent . thought , however , that they would be very proper taxes to be introduced and discussed in the public papers : so he taxes the press so as to bring the press into a discussion with him , and on that occasion , certainly , he was not much spared . It is true he has been unsuccessful in his taxes , and as a politician , I can not say that he has evinced much wisdom . The mode I would recommend would be , that the House should go into a Committee upon it . said , that he had no intention of attacking the liberty of the press I do not feel it necessary to trouble the House for more than a few minutes , to reply to the observations which have been made in opposition to the motion which I had the honour of submitting to their consideration ; and first , I must allude to the argument touched upon by the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Foster ) , that because a newspaper has been set up in Dublin since the tax was imposed , that therefore it can not be 194 injurious . But that right hon . gent . knows very well that the paper alluded to was set up by the Castle , and belongs to