to be exactly true , to what does it amount ? First , that to restore its payments in cash , the Bank of France was obliged to reduce its issues from ninety millions of French money ( something more than three millions and a half sterling ) to fifty-four millions , and soon afterwards to less than forty millions , or sixteen hundred thousand pounds . Secondly , that this diminution , so trifling in its amount in the vast empire of France , plentifully supplied with metallic money , and so little depending upon paper circulation , yet produced numerous bankruptcies , and , to use Mr. Dupont 's own words , most fatal effects upon commerce . Thirdly , it is evident that the depreciation of the notes of the Bank of France , which took place while it was obliged to suspend its cash payments , was a depreciation from discredit , and not a depreciation from excess . For it appears , that at the time when cash payments were stopped , * Vide Mr. Dupont 's Report . 10 the amount of notes in circulation was less than it had been before , and the stoppage immediately followed a large advance made to the government , through the medium ( as stated by Mr. Dupont ) of merchants , who took as security the bills of the receivers general , and gave their own bills to the Bank . It is not extraordinary , that at this proceeding , which , even by Mr. Dupont 's account , was nothing like a fair mercantile transaction , but nearly resembled whit we call accommodation bills , and which , perhaps , as indeed appears by the other accounts circulated , was exaggerated , the holders of notes took the alarm . A run upon the Bank followed , and a stoppage of payment was the consequence . But , for the sake of those hon . gentlemen who hold Mr. Dupont 's authority so high , I shall take the liberty of citing a short passage : — '' Many persons , '' says he , `` struck with the inconveniences of even a temporary excess of notes , have thought , that we ought to limit the amount which the Bank shall issue : to keep the tree a dwarf , that it may afford less hold to the wind . We ( speaking in the name of the chamber of commerce ) do not partake of that opinion . '' Mr. Dupont tells us , that when he wrote ( in 1806 ) , the notes of the Bank of England were really depreciated to the extent of three or four per cent , but that this depreciation was almost imperceptible both at home and abroad . Now , this is a most valuable discovery for those gentle-men who are so fond of depreciation , because that to those who have faith enough to believe in this new imperceptible kind , it obviously is utterly impossible to prove the contrary . But there is another passage to which I should desire not only their attention , but that of the House in general . Speaking of public credit , he says , it is at present the sole support of Great Britain . I perfectly agree with the learned chairman in one part of his most able and eloquent reply ; that in which he commented on the conduct ( though , indeed , too much countenanced by the mode of proceeding first suggested by himself ) of those gentlemen , who , agreeing in all the principles of the Committee , and supporting all his Resolutions , except the last ; yet proposed to stop short , and merely to record the existence of the depreciation of our currency , without applying any remedy to so great an evil . If the fact were in- 11 deed true , I am sure this House would be greatly wanting in its duty to the country , and would justly become the laughingstock of all Europe , if it were to rest satisfied with