the press . He could consider it in no other light than that of an attack upon those editors who were the advocates of the people , and the opponents of the abuses of government . As to revenue , it was idle to look upon it as ever having been intended to be productive . It was a measure of the same class as many others of the Irish government to endeavour to stifle the freedom of public discussion . This he firmly believed to be the case when he considered the use which was made of the annual grant of 10,000l . nominally given for printing proclamations ; and also the manner in which the express establishment between London and Dublin was converted into a source of profit to some editors , and of injury to others . The argument that the Irish press could bear equal burdens with the English was one at variance with every principle of taxation . In this country the public press had been long established , and it was supported by the immense wealth of the nation . In Ireland it was but just beginning to take the form of an established business , and had to depend on the support of a people only beginning to emerge from poverty . But in his opinion there was a still stronger reason why the press of Ireland should be protected instead of oppressed , and that was , her having lost her local legislature by the union . The public press had become the substitute of that legislature . Without it , the grievance of the people and the abuses of government could not be known ; it was impossible that rights could be protected or wrongs redressed without the aid of this 317 establishment ; he should therefore , on this and on all occasions , resist to the utmost of his power every restriction that was endeavoured to be imposed upon it . said he should vote against the motion . having already troubled the House on this subject , begged to assure them that at this late hour he would not trespass on their patience more than to answer one or two observations that fell from the right hon . gent . opposite . He was sorry the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) had so short a memory ; for he appealed to every gentleman who was present at the opening of the Irish Budget last year , whether the right hon . gentleman did not distinctly say , that as the price of the Irish newspapers was just two thirds of the English , therefore no objection could be made to raising the tax on advertisements to the same ratio , that is , to two thirds the English tax . Was this the case or not ? It had been said that if the tax was repealed another must be substituted in its place . This was a very erroneous apprehension , because , as it was stated in the petition which he had the honour to present from the proprietors of Irish newspapers , the tax was as unproductive as it was oppressive . Therefore , placing it upon its former footing would occasion no defalcation of revenue . It had been most whimsically remarked by the right hon . gentleman , that the tax being unproductive was occasioned by the obstinacy of the proprietors of the news-papers who set themselves against it . But could it be for a moment supposed that they would be such enemies to their own interests as to refuse the insertion of advertisements , upon which their profits al-most entirely depended ? —Mr . Shaw made use of several other arguments to demon-strate the injustice and the impolicy of the tax , and contended , that it ought not , at all events , in any case to exceed two-thirds of the duty paid in England . said , he came down to the House to day , for the purpose of renewing a notice which he had given last night on the subject of the Message