, that it is necessary for me to guard it , by saying that those who dissent from the established church do not seek for the abolition of Tythes : they by no means carry their complaints so far as to warrant any such inference . All they ask for is relief from the oppressive and vexatious manner in which they are made to pay them ; and surely , if they are contented to support the establishment , and to pay what the church demands , it is but just that , under these circumstances , the legislature should take care they were protected from the extortion and tyranny of those employed in the collection of them . It may , I know , be said , that if the concession which is now sought for is given , the people will not rest satisfied , but go still further and further , till they have destroyed the established church . But if this argument shall be made use of on this occasion , as I think I have reason to expect it will , as it applies as well to this occasion as to that of the Catholic claims , I should be inclined to reply , that the Protestant church of Ireland is fully secured from all such attempts by the act of Union ; not merely by the letter of it , which declares it to be one and the same as the church of England , but by the very nature and essence of it . This measure was proposed by Mr. Pitt , for the avowed purpose of obtaining two great objects ; the first , the advancement of the power and security of Great Britain , by an union of 577 the two legislatures ; the second , the remedy of the defects of the internal system of Ireland . These defects were , on the one hand , an establishment of church and state , for the exclusive benefit of one-tenth of the people ; and , on the other , a people deprived of their constitutional rights , through fear of the concession of them being detrimental to the establishment . To remedy these defects , Mr. Pitt proposed the Union , by which the establishment was to derive the security by consolidation with the Protestant establishment of England ; and the people were to be placed in a condition which would enable the legislature to concede to them their constitutional rights , and redress of the grievance of Tythes . If then the concession were made , even now , the people would feel they were bound to submit cheerfully to the support and protection of the established religion . But had , fortunately , the time of making it been the time at which the act of union passed , I think every one who knows any thing of Ireland will say , that no circumstance could have happened which would have placed the established church on so secure and permanent a basis ; for that basis would have been the admission of the people for the first time into a full enjoyment of liberty , and relief from the greatest of all grievances—the Tythe system . I wish , Sir , to take some notice of an assertion of the advocates of tythes , that the people of Ireland are not oppressed by them , but by their landlords . It is said that their landlords exact more rent for their land than the land is worth . To me this seems to be an assertion on the face of it the most absurd . By what contrivance land is made to differ from all other commodities in respect to its value , I can not possibly comprehend . I should imagine that land , like other things , would only bring that price which , according to those principles which govern prices , is the fair and proper price . If it were otherwise , and the poor tenantry of Ireland did really undertake to pay more for land than the land was worth , as they