go farther , and instead of looking upon it as a temporary expedient to gain time , Spatium requi emque doloris'—when they Would represent it as more the this , as something that could permanently counteract depre- 1089 ciation , then indeed he thought it but fair to say , that his support or the measure was grounded in no such expectation ; that he looked upon it merely as a temporary expedient , which extreme urgency had rendered indispensible , and that as such he gave it his support.—In adverting to the Bank Directors , he did not see that it had been clearly made out , though so often and unfairly asserted , that those gentlemen actually derived any material profits from the increasing profits of the Bank.—With respect to the immediate effects of this bill , in defending the tenantry of the country from the mischievous consequences it was provided to guard , against he thought that so far the bill would be completely effectual . The evils which might otherwise ensue , came so home to men 's business and bosoms , that it was impossible to hesitate to provide against their occurrence . In looking dispassionately at the nature of those evils , it was impossible not to see the necessity of consulting in every department of the state , as far as it was possible , the principle of a wise and general spirit of economy . At the same time he admitted , that the administration , be they who they might , who were charged with the defence of the country , might feel it impracticable conscientiously to retrench those expences which were resorted to in the prosecution of that great object . In concluding , he adverted to the menacing aspect of affairs in America , and deplored the gloom that was spreading , over the Western horizon . He trusted that the misfortunes of a new war were not to be aggravated by a contest between two nations who might be said to be the common children of the same family , and participating as brothers in the inheritance of the same common liberty . He concluded by stating that the bill , as far as it went , should have his full support . said , that had not every argument been used by the gentlemen , who had spoken , during the different stages of the present bill , that was likely to be urged either for or against the measure , and likewise in a similar debate on the Bullion report , he should not have presumed to trespass on the notice of the House , upon a question so foreign to his pursuits as one of finance , or political economy . But as the defects of the depreciation of our currency appeared to him to hare been alone dwelt on , or the originating causes traced no farther than to an excess in the issue of paper by the 1090 Bank , which was occasioned by the manner in which the war was conducted , to this subject he should confine the few observations he intended to offer , under a firm conviction , that no expedient like the present could produce a permanently salutary effect . Topical application could no more cure an aneurism of the heart , than propping up the branches could arrest a decay , in the root , which was the more dangerous , like in the present instance , if its progress remained unnoticed . The heads , which he proposed to touch on were first , Our commercial relations with powers in amity , and the drain of silver and gold by the licensed trade with our enemies . Secondly the extraordinary supplies sent abroad for the pay and maintenance of our armies ; and thirdly , injudicious subsidies . Respecting our commercial relations with Portugal , Spain and Sicily , which are the only countries where British manufactures are admitted on any terms , he contended that the gain of British merchants in these glutted markets is derived , not from an advantageous barter , but from