ex-pedited by Mr. Hurst , a Catholic priest , residing at that time in Paris.—Those of Douay by Dr. Gibson and Dr. Poynter , two Roman Catholic prelates now in England , whose formal attestations , Sir J. C. Hippisley said , he then held in his hand ; the abbé Mann , of Bruxelles , procured the answers of the university of Louvaine ; and those of Valladolid , Alcala , and Salamanca , were transmitted by Mr. Shepherd , the president of the English college in Valladolid . But on examination of the original documents they will be found to contain so much internal evidence of their authenticity , that they would not be questioned in any court of law in the kingdom—they were verified ( as the right hon . gent , might see ) under the official seals of the universities—by the seals and signatures , of the principal officers of those universities , and further juridically attested by notaries public , on , the spot . With respect to those of Valladolid , Alcala , and Salamanca , as the questions were considered , in Spain , as touching possibly on . the general rights of sovereignty , it was thought advisable not to propound them , to the universities without the express per-mission of the king of Spain.—The royal licence was accordingly procured , and the king desired that the questions might be considered as proposed by himself , as the title imports , `` Hisponiarum Rege consulenti . '' then observed that he held in his hand the originals of the answers , of the six Universities , and it was the desire of the surviving members of the original committee , and of the learned gent , Mr. Charles Butler ( whose important services 399 to the committee , were gratefully acknowledged ) , that this authentic document should be produced by Sir J. H. , in parliament , previously to being deposited in the library of the British Museum . [ Sir J. H. handed the original documents across the House to the Chancellor of the Exchequer . ] He had in his hand also the verifications of lord Stourton , Sir Henry Englefield , and Sir J. Throckmorton , each signed in Sir J. H. 's presence , attesting the communication with Mr. Pitt , as stated , and other proceedings of the Committee , and also a circumstantial letter from Mr. Butler to the same effect . Another memorable transaction , as connected with that Committee , must not be passed over in silence . Some differences of opinion had obtained among the English Catholic body , which they were desirous to represent to the See of Rome , and it was in contemplation to send Dr. Hussey thither to state the facts : —His instructions were drawn out and delivered to him the 2d of Sept. 1790 , though the mission did not take place . Dr. Hussey 's acknowledgment of the receipt of his instructions , and also the original instructions under the signatures of the Committee and two Roman Catholic bishops , are now in the possession of the Committee . Dr. H. was directed `` to keep steadily in view the necessity the English Catholics were under of vindicating the integrity of their principles , repelling the slanderous charges uniformly brought against them for two centuries past : and for removing those penal and disabling statutes which have been gradually undermining their body . '' He was also directed to represent to the see of Rome , if necessary , `` that the oath of allegiance and abjuration had been unequivocally taken in 1778 , —and of course the deposing doctrine having been solemnly renounced and abjured , they could not hesitate to adopt the qualifying terms , especially as the Sorbonne in 1680 , and again in 1775 , had informed them that they might safely declare it impious and heretical . '' The Committee were desirous that the See of Rome should understand the principles of their allegiance , as exclusive of any Catholic pretender to the crown ; and therefore gave it