absent upwards of six months , then the crime was commuted to the punishment of death . This French doctor 's slave was absent two months . At length he was caught , and his master had him tied up to the stake and flogged . When he had received the 200 lashes , the French doctor went to his breakfast , leaving him tied up . On his return from breakfast the man was dead at the stake ! For this murder he was tried . On the trial it was contended by the Attorney General , that the prisoner was subject to British laws . The counsel for the prisoner contended on the contrary , and he was acquitted . There was another case of wanton cruelty . Some officers of the militia having been out to dinner , and heated with wine , on returning passed an Indian but , when they heard the voice of mirth ; upon going in they found soma negroes visiting : this was after sunset and against the Spanish laws : the officers immediately drew their sabres and swords and began to cut and hack the poor unoffending creatures . One of the men 's hands was cut off , and some women and children materially hurt . The officers were afterwards tried , and Mr. Smith , the judge , decided that as the negroes were oft their master 's estate after sunset ; 613 the prisoners could not be found guilty under the Spanish laws . They were accordingly acquitted.—The hon . and learned gentleman then noticed the great delay in the civil courts , and said , that he understood the Attorney and the Solicitor general proposed some alteration in the debtor and creditor laws of the island , in order to do away the hardship . He instanced a case , Dawson and Taddy , the former a resident of Liverpool , and the latter an islander , in which the process had been carried on for 18 years . The papers relating to them were more than the largest cart could carry . At length the fire , which had nearly consumed the island , burnt those voluminous papers , and Mr. Dawson having had enough of lawyers ' bills did not chuse to carry on the suite any longer , and gave up his claim.—He then referred to the letter of the noble Secretary of State , upon which he commented at some length ; contending that as all the other islands belonging to the cluster , of which Trinidad was one , enjoyed British laws , he thought it a measure of injustice in the government to deny that island the benefits arising therefrom . The denial would have the effect of exciting jealousies , and might be productive of injurious consequences . Me pointed the attention of the House to the serious evils which had occurred at Botany Bay , from a despotic form of government , and alluded to Jamaica , which originally , when it came into the possession of the crown of England , was subject to the same laws as Trinidad : governor after governor was sent out , but without any effect . The inhabitants smarted under the laws of Spain ; and it was not until they received the British laws and the British constitution , that they were quieted.—After a variety of observations to shew the advantages which would result to the island of Trinidad from the introduction of British laws , the hon . and learned gent . moved the following Resolution : `` That it is expedient , for the better security of the liberty and property of his Majesty 's subjects in the island of Trinidad , that the administration of justice according to the laws of Spain be discontinued in that colony ; and that British courts of judicature , for the administration of justice according to the laws of Great Britain , be established therein . '' said ; that when he heard the reasons assigned for this motion , that the British constitution and laws were 614 established in other