setting off to America , and meant to carry away eighty thousand pounds out of the family estates . But these were infamous falsehoods , and uttered by the last person in the country that should have uttered them . In the present instance , he assured their lordships , he was actuated by no party motives . The remedy he now proposed was as simple as the evil was alarming . To obviate if , they had nothing to do but what the Bill proposed , namely , To render it illegal for any man to pay a larger sum than 21s . for a guinea . To render it illegal for any person to receive a less sum in the case of a Bank note , than the value therein expressed a '' payable to bearer ; these were the leading provisions , and the beneficial tendency , or rather the saving and preserving effects of such a measure , were incalculable . The farmers he regarded as an oppressed set of men . It was a most incumbent duty of the legislature to protect them . The evils which he contemplated would more especially affect that meritorious class . They would spread like a contagion . Their lordships knew the flame that spread in consequence of the proposition of the noble viscount then absent ( lord Sidmouth ) respecting the Dissenters . Any thing which would so essentially affect the , interest of the farmers would in like manner be instantly communicated from one end of the country to the other . The noble earl then presented his Bill , which , he moved should be read a first time ; which was accordingly done . It was intituled . An Act for making more effectual provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the realm from being paid or accepted for a greater value than the current value of such coin ; for preventing any , Note or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller sum than the sum therein specified ; and for staying proceedings upon any distress by tender of such notes . gave the noble , mover ample credit for the purity and , correctness of his motives in coming for ward on the present occasion . He agreed with him as to the great importance of the subject , which was one which merited the serious attention of the legislature ; and the arguments of the noble earl certainly carried great weight with them . At the very late period of the session , however , just on the eve of its close , and 765 under all the circumstances of the case , he thought it would not be advisable to proceed any further with the measure at present . When the great extent and magnitude of the subject were considered , he thought their lordships must generally be of his opinion . He was ready at the same time to admit the probable efficacy of the remedies proposed , as far as they went . As to the immediate necessity for their adoption , were it principally rested on what was said , as to the intended act of a single individual , he could not subscribe to the existence of that necessity . Under the circumstances , he could not believe that the intention would be persevered in , or if it were , that the example would be followed by any other person . For the evils contemplated by the noble earl , the proposed remedy , as far as he considered it , would be thought to be the most efficacious . By it , one great and material objection , that which referred to making notes a legal tender , was in a great measure obviated . Generally speaking , the subject in question was not proper for legislative interference , except in cases of positive necessity of which , as yet , he saw no proof . It would be preferable to rely upon the general principle of the mutual confidence and good sense of