duke of York as a most injured man , and therefore rejoiced at the opportunity now afforded of making some amends for the injustice that had been done him . The duke had been censured with a severity beyond example . The hon . gent , said he was not one of those who went farthest in their votes against the duke of York , and he was one who fortunately escaped those delirious thanks that were voted to so many hon . gentlemen from one end of the country to the other . But he would now do all in his power to repair the injustice that had been done , thinking that the dignity of a public body , as well as that of an individual , consisted in acknowledging an error , not in persisting in it . The noble lord had talked of the appointment being an attack on the dignity of the House ; but to confess an error was not to descend from dignity , but rather to maintain it . The example of what took place two years ago , ought to operate as a warning to the House to be on their guard against such sudden gusts of public opinion as then prevailed . When the public mind was fixed and permanent on any subject , then that House should follow its guidance , but should not too rapidly follow on every sudden impulse . In fact , there appeared to exist at the time , a sort of epidemic disorder , a species of Puritan mania ; as if that House were to be the censors of private life , as well as of official conduct : a part for which they Were entirely unfit . For his part , he wished the noble lord 's motion should not merely meet with a negative , but that some resolution should be adopted expressive of a desire to do justice to the character of a man who , he verily believed , had been grossly injured . said he would detain the House very shortly , while he assigned his reasons for the vote he , should give that 500 night . He had no difficulty in reconciling the vote which he should now give , with that which he had given on a former occasion . He had voted against the Resolution which declared that the duke of York had participated in or connived at corruption ; he had then attributed to his royal highness only a certain degree of negligence in his high office . He remained of that opinion still ; he still thought him chargeable with negligence then , and yet should find no difficulty in reconciling that opinion with his vote this night . He was far from thinking that nothing which had happened since the investigation had affected the nature of the evidence that was then given : for when the principal witness was asked at this bar , she answered , she had received no consideration for her evidence ; and afterwards she swore in another court , that she had received a consideration . He might be allowed to know something of the nature of evidence , and it was really new doctrine to him to hear it stated , that such a circumstance as that made no alteration in the evidence . It was quite impossible to say , that where the principal witness had been so shaken in credibility , it made no alteration whatever in the complexion of the case . It had been said , to his no small surprise , that the duke of York had suffered no punishment by his resignation . He was one of those who thought at the time , that the duke ought to be removed from his office , in consequence of the evidence which appeared . His resignation was in fact a removal , and made in contemplation of what was nearly the universal sense of the House and the country . But what did the noble lord 's Resolution say ? Why , it went to the perpetual exclusion of the