his office during good behaviour , and that he should be of a rank correspondent with that of the Master of the Rolls . `` Resolved , That it is the opinion of this Committee , that it is expedient to revive the practice which formerly prevailed in the House of Lords of limiting the period in each session , after which Appeals shall not be received in that session . `` Resolved , That it is the opinion of this Committee , that it is expedient to order all the parties in the Appeals and Writs of Error , which may be depending at the close of the present session in the House of Lords , to lay the prints of their cases upon the table of the House , before the end of the first week in the next session of parliament , in order that the House may be enabled to form some judgment of the nature of the cases which have been brought before them ; and that it 336 should be an order of the House that the prints in all cases of Appeals and Writs of Error should be hereafter laid upon the table of the House , with in a time to be limited after such Appeals and Writs of Error have been presented . '' after an able and perspicuous commentary on the necessity of adopting measures for the more expeditious transaction of the judicial business of the House , and the beneficial tendency of adopting the Resolutions recommended by the Committee , moved their lordships to agree to the first Resolution . cordially agreed with the noble secretary , that every thing which tended to dispatch in such cases was desirable ; but with the Resolution as now proposed , he could not agree . It proceeded on a principle that a number of cases should be left or kept untried . This , he thought , was wrong , as they should proceed until the whole arrear should be wiped off instead of `` considerably reduced , '' as the Resolution had it ; and he should move to amend it accordingly . reminded the noble earl , that the Resolution referred only to Appeals and Writs of Error . The House had other judicial business to attend to , and which occupied a great portion of , their lordships ' time , as the cases of the Berkeley and the Banbury peerages this session amply evinced . There must always , from the nature of the thing , be some cases remaining untried , and he thought it would be preferable to leave the Resolution as it stood , as , when the arrear should be considerably reduced , the House could decide oh the most preferable mode of proceeding under the circumstances . approved of the amendment . He thought they should proceed in the most expeditious way until the whole arrear was extinguished ; and that it would be proper to introduce into that part of the Resolution , instead of the present words , the following : `` Until the then existing arrear of causes shall be extinguished . '' repeated his argument in favour of the Resolution as it now stood ; and thought it would be better to leave the point to the subsequent discretion of the House , according to circumstances , as they were now guided in several other points of a nature nearly similar . then moved the adoption of the second Resolution . recurred to his former argument , that the House had not sufficient information before them , as to the business of the court of Chancery , to warrant the adoption briefly observed upon the vast increase of the number of Appeals in that House since the periods adverted to by the noble earl : it was ten fold . in reply , contended , that the information required was essentially necessary , to enable the House to form a judgment of the merits of the question . When lord Lough borough presided in that House , there was only one year of Appeals in arrear , and