charge upon all property , supposing that all property emanated from the crown . When a person took a lease , he took it under the burden of tythes , which were a tenth of the produce of the land , one third of which belonged to the lay impropriators , and the other two thirds went to the clergy in various ways . The persons paying Tythes to the lay impropriators , generally speaking , were more oppressed than those paying to the clergy . If there were any oppression at all , it was 581 occasioned by the Tythe farmer , and not the Tythe proctor . The Tythe farmer was one who took a lease of the Tythes and collected them . One of the great causes of the oppression , was the payment of Tythes from year to year , without any certainty of the amount , for without a certainty of what a man was to pay , he naturally conceived that the more industrious he was , the more he was taxed at the end of the year . The remedy that occurred was , to give to the clergy the power of granting certain possession for fourteen years , at a certain specific rate , but it was found that the lay impropriators had already let one-third of the whole Tythes of that kingdom . If this were correct , it would not be proper to enable the clergy to grant leases beyond their incumbencies , but even that measure would not tend to remedy the evil complained of . The Bill for raising the Tythes in Ireland was framed by lord Redesdale , and afterwards considered by the Lord Chancellor of England , and it was found impossible to frame it in any other way . If they were grant a general power of leasing , it would be impossible to give relief to the parties . In the parish to which he himself belonged there were already nearly 2,000 persons who paid Tythes . He was the first person who had set his face against those who were called middle men in that country , because he had always endeavoured to let his land to the persons who were residing upon it , but it was necessary to understand the people of Ireland , in order to understand this question . The very moment any gentleman advertised his estate , containing about 20 , 30 , or 40 tenants , all of whom , with their families , having resided upon it during their lives , and although they were most anxious to remain upon it , yet it was with difficulty they could be got to make an offer . This being the case , the lands were necessarily let to another , who re-let them to the original tenants at a still higher price than what they could have originally got them at . He wished the landlords to set their faces against these middle men , and much of the complaints would be done away . Many things tythed in England were not tythed in Ireland . There were , for instance , no Tythes in Ireland for calves , milk , and hay , and in many parts no Tythe was taken for potatoes , and in other parts , only six-pence per acre . In some parts , there was only one shilling taken for the whole flax upon the lands , and in other parts only six-pence per 582 acre . It was therefore , evident , that the Irish , in regard to Tythes , were used with the greatest lenity , in comparison with England . He did not know whether the hon . gent . meant to include the lay impropriators as well as the clergy in his proposed regulation ; but he should conceive , that it was hardly possible to regulate the one without regulating the other . It had been originally proposed to appoint commissioners , to ascertain the value of those Tythes , but he could not conceive how the commissioners were to act . They had before