business is now at an end . rose and observed , that he knew how irksome it was to the House , to hear any further arguments at that late hour , but something had fallen from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , which required animadversion . He had said that he ( Mr. Grattan ) had changed his manner of introducing this question . It was his duty to shew how mistaken he was , and that he had utterly misrepresented the part which he had taken . He did not abandon the statement which he then made . He had said that he had excluded foreign nomination then , and that he abandoned it at present . He did not abandon it . He said it would be necessary to prevent French nomination ; but that was a matter of regulation ; and he added that they should not alone act handsomely towards the Catholics in the first place , but also that they should take from them that security which the state might require . He had in this done better than the right hon . gent . with his degrading concession . The right hon . gent . had said , that he had once pronounced a panegyric on a certain doctor—He never had . He had said that he was our little deity—He never said any such thing . The right hon . gent . said that he ( Mr. Grattan ) undertook to speak the opinion of the Catholics of Ireland . He had never said any such thing . He had surely said that he was informed by Dr. Milner that such were their opinions , but he never undertook to promise for their truth . The right hon . gent . had said that he had expressed himself to the effect , that to pay tythes to the Protestant clergy was against the canon of the Almighty . He said no Such thing . He had said , that when they were taking from the Catholics their tytbes , and taking away from them their qualifications , that that was against the Canon of the Almighty . Let them take 426 tythes—very well , but why also take away their civil qualifications ? This was a doctrine of the right hon . gentleman , and it was an abominable doctrine , though he dared to say it was his sincere faith . Were you to take from a people their civil capacity because they paid your church This was an attack on the rights of the Catholics , and went to separate the morals of religion from religion itself . It was of the utmost importance never to separate morals from religion . In taking away from one-fifth of the population of the Empire their civil qualifications , the right hon . gent . said he had no charge to bring against the character of the Catholics , indeed ! and did he profess that they were eternally to be under the deprivation of their civil privileges , while no charge was to be imputed to them ? He calls civil capacities power . He ( Mr. Grattan ) did not care by what name the exclusion went , it was enough that it was an exclusion from the state , from the legislature , and was not that an exclusion from civil capacities ? It was not in the art of a minister 's declamation to alter the nature of things . The Catholics , he says , will destroy the Church , and he goes on and states , that if they destroy the Church they will destroy the State , and he goes on to state , that if they destroy the State they will destroy the Church ; for this was the whole of his argument ; it was merely an echo upon an echo—a repetition on a repetition . He urged no argument ; he relied on the force of his vociferation in place of argument ; he had never attempted to prove any thing that he said—he said ' I think ,