hemispheres , could not how procure ten thousand ounces of gold , if they would give for it a premium of fifty per cent . Oh ! that he had raised his warning voice in the Committee as he has done in this House ! It would then have been impossible for them to have made such a Report as they have done : the House would have avoided this long and painful discussion , and the public would have been spared many months of anxious suspense and uncertain credit . Could the Committee , after such a statement , have affirmed in their Report ; could the learned chairman have repeated in his speech , that there Was no real scarcity of gold ? Yet such is the foundation upon which all their fabric rests . But another assertion of the learned chairman is , if possible , still more extraordinary . He tells us the Committee only propose a measure of experiment ; and , if it fails , there is no harm done . Oh ! how * See Wealth of Nations , book ii . chap , ii . vol . I. p. 455 , edn 1784 7 the love of theory and system can blunt the keenest intellect , and cloud the brightest understanding ! No harm done by an experiment which , whether it succeeds or fails , may occasion a general bankruptcy in London ! This is no visionary apprehension of mine , but the deliberate evidence given before the House of Lords by his colleague and supporter ( Mr. H. Thornton ) . That hon . gentleman now tells us it will do mischief , but it will establish a principle . A principle of what ? The great principles of religious and moral truth are fixed and unalterable , and to them we ought to sacrifice every other consideration : but what are called principles of political economy are no more than maxims of prudence collected from observation and experience . Such a principle , whenever its application is mischievous , is , in that case false , however true and important it may be in other cases apparently , but not really analogous ; and , in such a case , to adhere inflexibly to the principle , is not wisdom or firmness , but blundering pedantry . The great talent of political prudence lies in the discernment and discrimination of such cases . The Committee can not say that the resumption of cash payments can be carried into effect without such a reduction of the bank issues as might , according to the hon . gentleman 's evidence , produce such an effect . Not only the obvious reason of the case shows that a great reduction would be necessary , and it was so stated in the evidence of the governor and deputy governor of the Bank , but the Committee themselves avow the reduction of Bank paper to be their great object . From such a reduction they expect a melioration of the course of exchange . That it would produce such a melioration , I have , on a late occasion , expressed my doubts . I have since been triumphantly told by a right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Canning ) , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer thinks differently from me on this point . It is true that he appeared to me to make a concession beyond what the case required . He admitted that a great reduction of the issues of the Bank would improve the exchange , but he objected to it on account of the danger with which , in other respects , it might be attended . I am far from denying the general tendency of a reduction of currency , whether metallic or representative , to increase its value , and , in consequence , to diminish imports , and increase exports , and therefore 8 gradually , and by a slow process , to improve the rate of exchange . But though I agree thus far with the right hon . gent. , I think