reached ? His duty was to lay before the House the actual situation of the finances of the country , and not to misrepresent that situation . The hon . gent . reprobated the duty which had been proposed on cotton wool , although that proposition was afterwards withdrawn , not from the slightest conviction that the manufacturers would have sustained any injury from it ( for he was persuaded that it would not have diminished , by a single pound , the consumption of the raw material ) , but because a disposition to think that it would be injurious to their interest , had grown up among the manufacturers themselves , and had been encouraged by those to whom they looked up for advice and support . He should certainly oppose the production of the papers at present , although the motion was one which might perhaps be repeated , with great propriety , in the next session of parliament . stated in explanation , that he had not given notice of his present motion , because he had become possessed of `` the correspondence as published in America , only within the last forty eight hours . When the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) had the seals of the foreign department , although as much indisposed to grant papers as any man , he never refused his assent to their production on the assertion that they had already been published in another form . He denied the possibility of his remarks producing any ill effect on the negociation with America . The object of his motion was to prevent the right hon . gent . from putting into the mouth of the Regent at the opening of the next session such assertions as he had put into his mouth at the commencement of the present session . The right hon . gent . taunted him with hostility to his own government . If `` he had sworn allegiance to ministers , the accusation might have been well founded ; but his allegiance was due to the throne ; 723 he would not call ministers the government ; nor did he see when by their commercial folly they had brought the country to the state in which it at present stood , why he was called upon to palliate their conduct , and to represent things otherwise than as they appeared to him . To ministers he would say , that the distresses of the merchants and manufacturers originated in their conduct , and then turning round to the merchants and manufacturers he would say , that they had contributed to bring those distresses on . They had cheered at the Royal Exchange when the negociation for peace was broken off . To themselves a considerable portion of their misfortunes was ascribable . He never extolled the conduct of the enemy . What he contended was , that while that conduct was unjustifiable , the consequent proceedings of ministers were unwise . Affecting to tread in the steps of Mr. Pitt , ministers had fallen into the trap which he had cautiously avoided . Unless the country could retrace its steps , it was undone as a commercial , and would be undone as a warlike people . He declared that he would not withdraw his motion , although he should not give the House the trouble of dividing upon it . observed that it was unfair to tell the suffering manufacturers that English commerce was excluded from the continent because ministers would not rescind their Orders in council , when the hon . gent . well knew that the revocation not only of the orders in council issued under the present , administration , but of those issued , and wisely issued , under the last administration , was demanded , as well as those national rights with respect to blockade , & c. which Great Britain had so long and so indisputably possessed . declared , that most of the principal merchants with whom he had the honour of being acquainted , were of opinion that the orders in council had