in favour of gold and silver , they ought to be at once exploded or left merely to those modern Midasses who would ruin the country in the fury of their speculations ; this glorious paper system was to rescue us from all the horrors of gold and silver Which the right hon . bart had proved by a quotation from a French pamphlet must inevitably make `` the poor miserable and the rich wicked and powerful . '' With respect to the Dutch coin mentioned by the hon . gent , the Ruyder , he believed it was the oldest coin in Holland . It was certainly prohibited from exportation by one of those absurd laws which were allowed to continue in many countries without one reason to warrant the continuance of their operation . But the instance put by the hon . gent , could not apply unless he was prepared to state that the Ruyder had not become deteriorated . It was rectainly a very old coin ; and the coin to which the Dutch directed their attention Chiefly was the ducat which was exportable , so that the probability was , that the Ruyder had become deteriorated . With regard to the third Resolution , he wished to know from 170 the right hon . gent , the meaning of the word `` equivalent '' in that Resolution ; was it that the denominations were the same , of this there could be no question ; was it that their intrinsic value was the same , or was it that they had the same exchangeable value ? Were the two commodities interchangeable ? No ; then , what was the meaning of `` equivalent ? '' Standard was the measure of equivalency . If the assay-master , the favourite witness , Mr. Merle , was called and asked as to this point , he ( Mr. Huskisson ) should wish to put him two questions only ; —first , `` Are the dollars and the crown-pieces equivalent ? '' and this he would certainly answer , no . The second question would be—by what process can you make them equivalent ? the only reply he could give to this , would be , perhaps , a laugh—because the thing was impossible—they could not be made equivalent.—It was absurd to talk of a standard when it could be traced only to a penal law . An equivalent in such a case could only be compared to the story of the scholars , who , complaining of the diminution of their commons , were desired to get a pair of magnifying glasses , through which to view their allowance . Such was the case with the dollars : gentlemen had only to view them through a different medium , and they would perceive them to be larger one day than they had been on the preceding day . that the proclamation as to the rise in the value of dollars would put the Bank to a loss of 6d . upon every dollar then in circulation , amounting to several millions in number—a sacrifice of no trifling amount , for the convenience of the public . The Bank was not desirous of continuing those issues ; but , on the contrary , would be anxious to withdraw from them whenever the executive government found itself enabled to dispense with the Bank 's services . He regretted that the Resolution as to the rise in the dollars had not originated in that House . To the Bank it would prove a loss of 50,000l . or 60,000l . stated that within these two days a banker had put into his hands 500 guineas in gold , requesting to have in exchange for them , from the Bank , tokens to the amount , at the rate of 5s . 6d each ; and a similar application had been made a few days before for an exchange as between guineas and tokens , to the amount of 300l . This was better than any reasoning as to what their value could be supposed to be . was satisfied the effect