being passed . The clause as to guineas was of no use . There was nothing to hinder any man who had bags full of gold to send them to Dublin , and sell them there for as many notes as they would bring , and that only at the expence of sending them to Dublin . As to the clause regarding the Value of notes , he could not see the morality of compelling a man who might have let a lease for 21 years , and have covenanted to sell his estate at the end of that period , at a stipulated price , to complete the bargain and take the price in bank notes , though they might in the mean lime have been depreciated to no thing . One might as well pass a law declaring that a man must make a free gift of his property . The longer he argued the case the more he was induced to say , that it must bring matters to a legal tender at last . He implored the House , therefore , to hesitate before it passed a bill which was of no use , and must do injury . If a legal tender was necessary , why not pass such a bill at once ? But if we give six months notice of our intention to do so , was there a man who would not spend the time in seeing how he was to guard himself against the evil consequences of such a measure , by the species of property in which he should layout his funds ? There was a prejudice in favour of guineas over Bank notes , and the present measure , under pretence of supporting Bank notes , was brought in , the direct tendency of which must be to injure public confidence , and to endanger , if not destroy , the public credit of the country . This was worse , too , as being a temporary measure . The defence of Spain and Portugal , and the necessity of supporting the war in those countries , was talked of . He could not consent to fight the battles of Spain or Portugal , however , at the expence of the ruin of this country . He knew he should be told , the success of the armies in Spain and Portugal were the best assurances of prosperity to this country . He knew that , but his first duty was to England . There must be some limit to every thing ; and unless he was assured that the governments of those countries did as much for their own protection as we did in their defence ; and also , unless he was assured that the same day which witnessed the defeat of the French armies in Spain and Portugal , was not also to seethe substantial Credit of England endangered he could 1106 not , however well affected he might be to their cause , consent that the contest should be persevered in . Buonaparté had told you that he would give credit to the prosperity of our finances when he saw a Bank note as valuable and as freely received in payment as a guinea . The right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Ryder ) answered '' Then we will declare it so . '' We did so months ago , but Bank-notes had not risen in estimation in consequence of this declaration . '' Ah , '' the right hon . Secretary would reply , '' but that was only a Resolution , whereas this is an act of Parliament ! `` Ministers , therefore , were now mounted on a rock of confidence ; but with Buonaparté 's knowledge on this subject , was there any thing more likely to elate his hopes than our having recourse to this step ? He begged of the House to stop , and not to pass a Bill which must have the effect of endangering the credit of the country , without mature deliberation . denied that he had ever despaired of the resources of the country