Custrine , and Stettin—behold , on the north-east of Germany , his long-delayed , but sure-working plans as to the reintegration of Poland , whence , as from a citadel , he will be enabled to hold in subjection the whole European Continent . View him in his Illyrian empire , already directing his footsteps , resolved to plant his eagles on the Byzantine throne of the Cæsars . And , finally , behold him calling out the conscripts for 1811 , for the purpose of securing , if not resisted by counter-exertions on our part , the conquest of Spain and Portugal , however hitherto deferred—and ( not unlikely ) for ulterior objects too , the mere mention of which might subject one perhaps to the scorn and derision of this House , and to the reprobation of an easily deceived public ; who , feeble when they think themselves invincible , are frequently most confident when they have least reason for being so—and who , possessing great resources wherewith to become strong , are often ignorant how to call forth such power , and still more how to employ it when arrayed . From these examples , Sir , it is evident that Napoleon has left nothing to accident or chance , but than ( with the exception already mentioned ) he has invariably acted on plans suggested by the wisest policy , and carried into effect with the most consummate military talent , What have 535 been during the same period , our continental exertions ? In 1800 , we appeared off Genoa with a small corps , not exceeding 4,000 men , a few days subsequent to the battle of Marengo . The junction of a considerable military force , such as might easily have been furnished by this country , would in all probability , a few days prior to our arrival , have secured the victory to the Austrians , and possibly have prevented the forming of those fetters , which have since enchained the powers of Europe . The attempt at least would have been worthy of this nation , and so great a cause . Subsequent to this , in the same year , we made two unsuccessful attempts against Ferrol and Cadiz . In 1801 , with about 14,000 effective men , we undertook the expulsion of 26,000 of the chosen troops of Fiance from Egypt—a glorious expedition , and the only one successful during that whole war . In 1805 , with 8,000 men , we formed a junction in Italy with the Neapolitan and Russian armies , but we speedily abandoned the country , and landed in the December of that year , with 25,000 men , in the North of Germany , where we took up a Position on the Weser , but not until the battle of Austerlitz had been lost , and an armistice signed preparatory to the peace of Presburgh . In 1806 , with less than 5,000 men against a greatly superior force , we gained the battle of Maida , which , though highly glorious to the troops and to the general ( sir John Stuart ) as every thing connected with his mililary life has been , had no beneficial result . In the same year , we made several piratical descents at Buenos Ayres , where , after having increased our force to 10,000 men , we were ultimately foiled and disgraced . In 1807 , with a small corps , we made an unnecessary , unjust , and inglorious descent on the `` coast of Egypt , from whence , in a few months , we hastily retired . And in the same year , ( after permitting a favourable opportunity to escape us , and suffering our allies , the Russians , to waste themselves in a most unequal contest , which they maintained with the utmost heroism ) we appeared , at the very eve of the peace of Tilsit , with a small corps of 7,000 men at Stralsund , whence we speedily retired , without performing any thing ; and with increased numbers , amounting to