the subject . The noble lord did not require gold , but such an amount of paper as would be sufficient to purchase that which he had stipulated to receive . In his leases , the noble lord stipulated that his rents should be paid in good and lawful money of the realm , which Bank paper could not be in the eye of the law , till the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer should come forward with the second measure which he had given the House reason to expect—namely , till he should make Bank notes a legal tender . Was it not known that every person made any thing he had to sell dearer and dearer , in proportion to the depreciation of paper . Neither in law nor in justice , therefore , was the noble lord entitled to be loaded with this abuse . In one part of the country there had been a practice of taking payment of rents in gold , and he saw nothing unbecoming in the noble lord 's here demanding it in gold , at least , in something which should not be depreciated . An hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Milnes ) , however , would represent that the noble lord had not only acted in an unbecoming manner to his tenant , but that he had even cheated government . It was proper , however , that that hon . gentleman should know , that by the very Bank Restriction act . Bank notes were made a good tender for taxes.—The noble lord said he should not proceed to examine the budget of the hon . gentleman farther than this , that it was inapplicable in point of law ; With respect to the law itself , it seemed totally ineffectual . It was intended to remedy any idea of harsh treatment by a landlord towards his tenants : but was it calculated to attain the object ? It only took from the landlord one remedy ; namely , the proceeding by distress , a clause to which he did not object ; but still She landlord might proceed to judgment , and make the tenant ultimately pay 943 in good and lawful money of Great Britain . Lord Alvanley had been decidedly of this opinion : and having heard it doubted , he hoped the House would hear some of the gentlemen of the long robe on this point . The present measure was objectionable , in as far as it was an extension of the act of Edward 6 , which , after grievous vexation practised on a poor Jew , who was supposed to have violated the enactments of the act , had been decided by an unanimous opinion of the twelve judges not to be binding , and to be inapplicable to the case.—The noble lord proceeded to take a view of the state of things at the time of the passing of the act of Edward 6 , and now . Then , the gold and silver coin of the country was greatly deteriorated , so much so , that persons would not bring their commodities to market . Proclamations were accordingly issued , fixing the rates and prices of every commodity , and also prohibiting the exchanges of gold and silver for more or less than the rate at which they were made current . This he stated from the late lord Liverpool 's Letter on Coins ; and he warned the House to pause before they did any thing which might render it necessary for them to fix a maximum of prices . He begged them to consider that they were laying the foundation stone of a system which might involve the country in ruin . He entreated them to open their eyes in time to the mischiefs of this proposition , and not to entail on the country calamities similar to those which ensued in the time of Edward 6 . It had been roundly asserted by gentlemen on the other side , that there was no depreciation of Bank paper . The high rate of exchange