a country which , against the greatest of all dangers that threaten its peace and security , has not adequate means of protecting itself without the aid of another nation ; if that other be a neighbouring and kindred nation , speaking the same language , whose laws , whose customs and habits are the same in principle , but carried to a greater degree of perfection , with a more extensive commerce , and more abundant means of acquiring and diffusing national wealth ; the stability of whose government—the excellence of whose constitution—is more than ever the admiration and envy of Europe , and of which the very country of which we are speaking can only boast an inadequate and imperfect resemblance ; —under such circumstances , I would ask , what conduct would be prescribed by every rational principle of dignity , of honour , or of interest ? I would ask '' , whether this is not a faithful description of the circumstances which ought to dispose Ireland to a Union . Whether Great Britain is not precisely the nation with which , on these principles , a country , situated as Ireland is , would desire to unite ? Does a Union , under such circumstances , by free consent , and on just and equal terms , deserve to be branded as a proposal for subjecting Ireland to a foreign yoke . Is it not rather the free and voluntary association of two great countries , which join , for their common benefit , in one empire , where each will retain its proportional weight and importance , under the security of equal laws , reciprocal affection , and inseperable interests , and which want nothing but that indissoluble connection to Tender both invincible ? Non ego nec Teucris , & c. 664 by gratitude for the past , and confidence as to the future . adverted to an accusation which had been thrown out against him of partiality in the administration of justice while in office in Ireland ; an accusation which he said was most unfounded and unjust . He maintained that no man had ever administered justice more impartially , whether the parties were Catholics or Protestants , than himself . With regard to the general question , it had been brought forward merely for political purposes ; and he was persuaded that the great body of the Catholics were not disposed to agitate a question where they could not hope to succeed . The noble lord who opened the debate had averted to the treaty of Limerick . That treaty was made subject to the confirmation of parliament , which had confirmed it merely as far as it had thought proper . But it had been infringed by the other side ; for one great object was to keep the army in the country , and yet it went abroad and served the enemy . He denied that the minister could have given any pledge to the Catholics that these claims should be granted . No minister could pledge himself to procure the sanction of parliament . Indeed he heard that the very reverse had been stated ; that a reverend gentleman had put the question while the measure of the Union was in agitation , Whether it was intended to remove the disabilities of the Catholics ? and that the answer was , That there was no such intention ; that lord Farnham had made a speech in the House of Lords in Ireland against the Union , arguing that if it was agreed to , the disabilities never would be removed , as the English would never accede to such a measure , and that the noble lord himself published this speech and circulated it all over Ireland . The great statesman who retired in 1801 , did not assign to him ( lord Redesdale ) as the reason for that proceeding , the impossibility of fulfilling a pledge to the Catholics ; and as to the plan of security , he had only to state that the person to whom he alluded had declared to him , a