committed a murder in the fleet should be tried by a court martial . The hon . and learned gentle man 's observations therefore ought to be directed against the law , and not against this case , which was in conformity to the law . He lamented that the hon . and learned gent , should have stated so many anonymous instances of misconduct . How ever delicate the subject , yet by not mentioning the names of the officers accused , the charge was , in fact , brought against the whole service . It would be generally circulated , that but for the apprehension of a black mark in the minds of the Admiralty , many persons would come for ward to sustain these complaints . Al though he was sure that the hon . and learned gent , did not mean it , yet all this would do infinite mischief . Let the hon . and learned gent , place himself in the situation of the gallant and honourable officers on the western station , and then say how he should feel under that general imputation which the publication of charges not specifically made against any particular individual by name , must necessarily occasion . He moved as an Amendment to leave out the word `` Minutes , '' for the purpose of inserting the words `` Charge and Sentence . '' explained and stated the extreme reluctance with which he had listened to the information that had been given to him , until he became satisfied of its authenticity . in support of the opinion of his hon . and learned friend , that persons preferring complaints were liable to the resentment of the higher powers , called to the recollection of the House the case of admiral Montague , who , soon after he had made a complaint to the Admiralty , was put on half-pay . denied that the one was in consequence of the other ; and observed that this was another of those unfounded assertions which , the hon . baronet was in the habit of making in greater number , 1036 though certainly without being aware ' of their falsehood , than any man he had ; ever heard . disclaimed any assertion on the subject ; he had merely said that there was a strange coincidence between the complaint and the dismissal . observed , that , in addition to admiral Montague 's being put on half-pay , his son had been denied the privileges of the school at Portsmouth , until the subject was mentioned in the House of Commons . declared that this latter circumstance arose out of the misstatement of admiral Montague himself . As soon as the error was discovered , his son 's wrong was redressed . expressed a wish to be allowed to bring forward , in the first instance , his Resolutions on the subject . observed , that he understood it had been settled , that the hon . and learned gentleman was to discuss those Resolutions in the debate on the third reading of the bill . After this bill was disposed of , the hon . and learned gentleman , if he thought proper , might take the sense of the House upon his Resolutions , and enter them on the Journals . then moved , that the Bill be now read a third time , upon which , rose and said : I hope my hon . friends will do me the justice to believe , that I have felt very great pain when compelled to differ from them in every stage of this proceeding ; but still entertaining the opinions which I had occasion to deliver when the Bank Restriction bill was passed , and on the discussion of the Bullion Report , it was impossible for me to have acted otherwise without a dereliction of character and consistency . When the Bank-Restriction bill was enacted I was a very young member of the House , and I did not venture to oppose a measure which seemed to meet with general concurrence ; but I took the