again , and receive another such punishment ; the Duke of Gloucester thanked his lieutenant-colonel for not having had a single flogging in his regiment in two years and a half . Was there any decay of discipline on that account ? The practice was ruinous to the soldier : He thereby lost his spirit , feeling , and character . The hon . and learned gentleman concluded , by saying that the motion should have his cordial support . spoke against the motion . reprobated the system of punishment which had been adopted in our army , and highly panegyrised the dukes of Gloucester and Grafton for their discountenancing it in their respective regiments . Save this one black spot , he knew of no taint upon the honour of our army . opposed the motion , and was inclined to think , that during the hon . baronet 's stay in the Tower , he had been picking up stories from the old soldiers , and they really had played the old soldier on him . spoke in favour of the motion . thought the House ought not to put any faith in the statement of the hon . baronet , who had gone about collecting old stories , which , the moment they were stated , were falsified . The hon . baronet came forward with an abstract catalogue of complaints , which were uncontradicted and uncontradictable , because anonymous . He reprobated in strong terms the degrading light in which the hon . baronet had attempted to place the British soldier . God knows where he had got the notions which he had promulgated that night , but whether he had derived them from some periodical work which he was in the habit of reading , or from the company which he was in the habit of keeping , he trusted that he would not find in that House a single teller to support him . and Sir H. Montgomery spoke against the motion . supported the motion , and vindicated the discipline of the French and Russian armies . 710 After a short reply from Sir F. Burdett , the House divided , Ayes 10 , Noes 94. stated , that the object in framing the Bill had been to give every security to the English and Scots distiller , and that therefore it was directed that the Irish distiller should warehouse his spirits intended for exportation , the quantity and strength being first ascertained : and the quantity and strength on exportation , and being imported into this country , being also ascertained , in order to prevent fraud . He was aware that from these warehouses a part of the spirit might be withdrawn for home consumption , and replaced by other spirit ; but to prevent this was impossible , without indirectly prohibiting the intercourse altogether . It was suggested that the Irish distillers should have distilleries appropriated only for exportation , but as this Bill was only a temporary measure , it could not be expected that they would incur the expence of having distilleries appropriated only for that purpose , and therefore to make such a provision , would in fact amount to a prohibition of the intercourse . contended that the Bill would , in its operation , be ruinous to the English and Scots distiller , by giving a decided preference in the market to the Irish distiller . He wanted nothing but a fair intercourse , that neither might have the advantage of the other ; but under the present Bill the Irish distiller would have the means of bearing down all competition in the English market , by the undue advantage given to him in importing hither his spirit . Either under these circumstances , the intercourse ought to be altogether prohibited or else the Irish distiller 711 Ought not to be allowed to export without having distilleries appropriated solely for the manufacture of spirit for exportation , it being perfectly evident that unless this regulation was established , numerous frauds would be committed in withdrawing spirits for home consumption from the warehouses entered for exportation