much resemble , that granted on a former occasion , `` that six privateers being all under fifty tons , having letters of mart , if taken within the space of three months , by the same ship , may be condemned under one monition '' ! —A bounty which , like that of the judge , can be of no use.—The learned gentlemen take care to restrict the Bills they draw up , as well as the favours they grant , by limitations which preclude the possibility of their own interests being injured . Look into the 72d chapter of the 45th of his present Majesty , and you will see how they have taken care of themselves . Nothing , Sir , can better demonstrate the effect which the dread of fraud and neglect in the Procurator General 's office has on the exertions of the navy , than this account entitled `` Appeals against decrees condemning ships and goods claimed as neutrals which now stand ready for hearing ; '' by which it appears , that the number of causes be longing to the whole navy amounted only to 92 , including droits of the Admiralty and Crown , whilst about three dozen of privateers , possessing the inestimable privilege : of employing counsel of their own choice , had actually 110 not injudicious captures , but such as had been sanctioned by the decisions of the lower courts . Such is the effect of the misconceptions which the right hon . gent. , informs us have prevailed to a considerable extent in the navy , which has , he tells , us been misled for want of sufficient information . '' Surely , Sir , it would be better to remove this misconception by the evidence of facts established in a committee , than to deny the existence of grievances , and refuse to examine them even though that determination is accompanied by a vote of approbation of the conduct of the 988 courts of Admiralty . No doubt , thee right hon . gent . hoped that his letter would save us this trouble , accompanied as it is by what he calls a `` public minute in the office of his Majesty 's Procurator General to regulate the charges in prize cases proceeded against by his Majesty 's ships . `` : This famous minute contained in his second inclosure is to the following effect— '' It is the King 's Proctor 's particular desire in respect to his bills—first , that in all successful cases the bill should be made out mode rate . Secondly , in unsuccessful cases the bill , should contain those fees only which are allowed on taxation . '' Permit me to ask , what fees is he entitled to that are disallowed on ; taxation ? So far , Sir , from evidencing that his Bills are moderate , this minute demonstrates that the charges are regulated only by the conception which the procurator 's clerks have of the bounds prescribed by the word moderate ! If we may judge of the labour of examining a proctor 's Bill by the sum received by the deputy registrar for taxing that which I now hold in my hand it would be quite impossible for the King 's Proctor to examine even the charges made by his clerks , although he had nothing else to do.— '' Received of John Crickett , esq . marshal of the Admiralty , sixty three pounds , being the sum allotted to the Registrar and merchants for looking over , perusing and settling the accounts of A. H. Stewart , esq . pursuant to the King 's warrant dated ; 15th May 1806 , `` signed '' J. R. Wheeler '' This Bill contains only 39 articles , and it is a curious circumstance that the sum which the Registrar and : Marshal allotted for their own labour , in `` looking over , perusing and settling '' the account , agrees to a farthing with the amount of the deduction which they made ! It will not escape notice too that the