hardly credit that interpretation of be laws . He could state , but that he feared fatiguing their lordships , information from many magistrates of numerous applications at quarter sessions , evidently to obtain these exemptions . He had heard of what he confessed was credit- 238 able to a sect of dissenters , wherein they acknowledged these abuses , and expressed their desire to correct them , by the expulsion from among them of such unworthy persons . Could it be supposed that they who so acted to evade the laws , would be deferred by fear of their brethren ? He had learned with satisfaction , that though the prevalent interpretation of the law was as he had stated , yet with many well-informed and respectable persons it was not so . In Devon , Norfolk , Buckinghamshire , and in Suffolk , too , he learned , that that interpretation was not admitted . Feeling the abuses that were committed , learning the opinions of enlightened men , and the practice of many respectable magistrates on this subject , he had felt it necessary to bring the consideration of it before parliament . He had been encouraged to do so , by the opinions of respectable persons of magistrates , and judges ; and he had stated in June , 1809 , that he intended to do nothing but what was with a view to secure the toleration of Protestant Dissenters , as well as the support of the Church of England , of which he gloried in being a member . By this fair standard he had proceeded , and in his Bill there was nothing to be found inconsistent with it . He had not contented himself with the authorities he had mentioned , but had sought farther information , and even communications with various dissenters . From some of them he had received voluntary communications , and with others he had had conversation ; and he could truly aver , that though many wished he should take no share in the business , few objected to the measure he proposed . They thought merely , that though the measure was innocent , yet that it might excite in other quarters a disposition to introduce into it objectionable clauses . They did not seem on the whole , to think there was any thing in it materially objectionable . Every class of dissenting preachers , in fact , who had separate congregations , were left by this Bill in the same state as before , with the removal of all sorts of impediments , and the magistrate would know better what was his duty on such subjects . What better mode of attestation could there be than that of several persons of the congregation for those who sought for licences ? As to the question of substantial and reputable householders , or householders merely , that was a consideration for the Committee . There was no other regulation but to relieve them from dif- 239 ferent practice at different Quarter Sessions . The second point applied to such as had no separate congregations . He did not expect to meet with any difficulty on this subject from the quarter whence it arose . It would be a farce to talk of toleration , he confessed , and at the same time to exclude this class of persons from the rights allowed to other Protestant Dissenters , though he must say , that he knew they had often given great pain and vexation to many most excellent and meritorious beneficed clergymen . Yet he must in candour admit , that hundreds and thousands of people would , through our own unpardonable and abominable neglect , be deprived of all moral and religious instruction , were it not for the services of these persons . Millions in this country were indebted to them for their religious instruction . We were not at liberty to withhold the only means of moral and religious knowledge . He had not , therefore , excluded such persons , which would have been contrary to indispensible and eternal justice.—The third point of