, that that gallant and distinguished officer most decidedly reprobated the system of Hogging . He understood , also , that the present Commander in Chief wished , as far was in his power , to get rid of this ignominious and cruel mode of punishment ; and he must do him the justice to say , that he understood that in the management of his own regiment a very mild system of discipline had always been pursued . He thought it would be also doing injustice to the known homanity and benevolent nature of his royal highness the Prince Regent , not to suppose that he also felt alive to the sufferings of our brave Soldiers , and that he also would be anxious to free them from the degrading and cruel punishments to which they were now exposed . He therefore by no means thought the improbability of succeeding in this object so great as it appeared to many.—He would mention , also , a militia regiment which had been commanded by lord Euston , the present duke of Grafton . This regiment had long been considered as a pattern regiment , and many other officers endeavoured in vain , by the severity of punishments , to make their regiments equal to it ; and yet lord Euston brought his regiment to this perfection without having recourse to flogging . The instrument called a cat-o ' nine-tails was not known by the drummers of that regiment . When persons of such rank and acknowledged merit as he had mentioned , had proved by practice that the best discipline could be kept up in the army without flogging , he conceived himself entitled to state , that it would be well for the British army , in every point of view , if the example and authority of such men were generally followed . With regard to the cases that he should think it necessary to state to the House , he had derived his information from persons who were in situations that gave them the means of knowing , and of whose veracity he had no doubt . He did not think it proper to name his authorities in the first instance , although many of them had given him permission so to do . He considered that naming them now might possibly do injury to those individuals without being of any public advan- 701 tage ; but if the House should errant an enquiry , he would certainly bring them forward as witnesses to prove , the statements he should now make . He had been informed by a surgeon of a regiment , that a man under his care who had a defect in his sight , had literally been flogged for being blind , [ murmurs from the ministerial benches . ] The case was this : the surgeon who gave him the information was a young man at the time , but this soldier had been under his care , and had even undergone many painful operations for the defect of sight , which he was convinced was natural . This case , with many others , was referred to a senior surgeon , who was a hasty and careless man . His report was , that there was nothing the matter with his sight , that it was all a pretence to avoid duty , and that he was ( to use a term he did not understand ) a malingerer . The young surgeon finding his professional judgment thus impeached , appealed to the judgment of another surgeon of still greater practice , who coincided with him that the defect of sight was real . Nevertheless , the man was brought to a trial by Court-martial for being a malingerer , and was actually condemned , and did receive a hundred lashes . When the surgeon of superior standing afterwards told the officers that the man really had a natural defect in his sight , the answer of one of them was—'Well ! what signifies a hundred lashes to a man of his description ? This case he should be ready to