begged to enter his caveat against such a proposition , and , also , that because no member had particularly adverted to the conduct of the Irish government upon the Catholic question , they consequently approved of it . Although the Convention Act was in force 572 in 1798 , that was no reason for its remaining in force now , when the state of that country was so much altered . He hoped , that in the next session , his hon . friend would again bring forward the question of its repeal , for he thought it could not be denominated a mere declaratory law , but an enacting law , carrying matters much further than was necessary . , in explanation , stated , that he did not , by withdrawing his motion for the present , in any degree change his opinion as to the Convention Act ; but he did not see the necessity of bringing forward the repeal of it , having foreseen that the Irish government would not again venture to execute the act to oppress the subject , but suffer it to remain a dead letter upon the statute book . said , he could not approve of what had been stated as to there being any understanding of the kind alluded to , namely ; that the Irish government would not carry into execution the Convention Act . Having heard such a statement made , he conceived it to be the duty of some one of the administration who heard such a statement , to rise up and contradict it . rose , and spoke as follows : —Sir ; whatever objections may be made to the motion which I am about to submit to the House , I feel confident that no complaint will be urged against me for having brought this subject forward at so late a period of the session . I was prepared to make the motion , of which I had given notice , on the 9th of May , but at the request of a right hon . gent . ( Mr . Pole ) I consented to postpone it , and the other business of the House has prevented me from having any earlier opportunity to urge it . This circumstance has induced me to adopt a different motion from that which I , had at first proposed to make . It is certainly now too late to desire the appointment of a Select Committee . I shall , therefore , merely move , that the House will early in the next session take into its consideration the collection of Tythes in Ireland . For this reason , I shall not feel it incumbent on me to enter into the general subject at much length . I shall only submit to the House such general grounds for adopting my motion , as will be sufficient to shew to the House , that inquiry is essential , and I shall wait till next session to advance those arguments which in my 573 opinion may be urged to prove the expediency of a commutation . In the first place , I beg leave to call the attention of the House to the sentiments of the people of Ireland , as they have already been declared by petitions and resolutions of public meetings and grand juries . The county of Tipperary have resolved , `` That from our local knowledge of the very heavy burdens imposed on the lower orders of the people by the present system of tythes , we are confident that the abolition of tythes , and the substitution of some less exceptionable provision for the clergy , would principally tend to promote tranquillity , extend industry , and effect a co-operation of all classes against the common enemy . '' The county of Clare have resolved , `` That the grievances resulting from the present system of tythes in Ireland , are so manifest , and the burthens by them imposed upon the labouring classes of the community so oppressive , that it becomes our duty to declare the necessity of a petition