said the hon . gent . ( Mr. Creevey ) had wandered quite away from the subject of debate . The question was , whether the Company were or were not to be allowed to raise two millions on their own credit , not to increase their present debt , but by borrowing money in England , to enable them to pay off their debt in India . Bills of exchange had been drawn on the Directors from India , for which it was necessary that funds should be provided . The hon . gent . asked for more explanation , but what more explanation was in reality wanted ? It was merely a transfer of a sum from creditors , to whom they were paying eight and ten per cent . to other creditors in this country at 5 percent . With respect to the Committee , they had reported fully on the accounts up to 1809 , and the moment the accounts for the ensuing years could be got ready , they would be submitted to the House . He spoke of the absurdity of the hon . gentleman 's treating the affairs of a Company in possession of the revenues of an immense empire , as he would treat the affairs of a private merchant , maintaining that if they could not instantly pay off their debt , they were to be considered as bankrupt . Could Great Britain pay off her debt instantly , and was Great Britain to be considered , therefore , bankrupt ? But had the Company means to set against their debt . '' He maintained they had , and on grounds fully as authentic as any thing which he believed the hon . gent . could produce . Last year , for in-stance , there was an estimated deficit ; but in place of that , there was a surplus of 3 to 400,000l . Moreover , the interest of the debt in India , had been reduced by the able management of lord Minto , from 8 or 10 to 0 per cent . which alone would occasion a saving of 500,000l . The hon . gent . had thought fit to wonder why the charges had not been reduced so much as they ought to have been , though there had been a peace of six years . But the establishment in India had not been reduced ; several expeditions had been fitted out there , a great part of the ex-pence of which would fall upon the East India Company ; and there had been also occasional disturbances in India , The debt of the Company was not now more than 23 millions . He asked the 292 hon . gent . when he meant to bring forward his vindictive motion against the East India Company , for their breach of faith in making a dividend of 10 per cent ? said he should not bring forward his motion till the Report of the right hon . gent. , the Chairman of the Committee , was discussed . moved the second reading of the Militia Interchange Bill . While on his legs he thought it right to apprise the House of certain additional clauses , which it was his intention to move in the Committee . These he then communicated in substance to the House , and at the same time gave notice of certain regulations with respect to the pay of the soldiers , which he had it in contemplation to move in the Committee of Supply . thought the effect of the measure would be to throw the landed interest out of the service , and to create dissensions among the soldiers . He had been once to Ireland ; he then went of his own free will ; but if this Bill were passed he would not go again . He would be most happy to promote the interests of Ireland ; but he did not conceive he should do this by giving his support to the proposed arrangement ; and , thinking as he did , that it would be likely to give a