that moment , the very same country , from being greatly distressed became highly flourishing , by getting rid of a set of wicked and mercenary individuals , who delighted to make their own fortunes upon the ruin and misery of the public at large . Many arguments had been urged to shew that the credits of the Bank of Scotland were similar to those proposed to be introduced by the present Bill ; but he denied that any proof had been adduced in support of these assertions ; and he was sorry to observe , that for want of more substantial arguments , ministers had been driven to resort to that miserable one , that the last ministers , who were only in office one year , had not taken any step to remedy the grievance that was now so loudly complained of . It was , extremely unfair to urge such an argument in their own defence ; because they well knew that the late ministers were , during the greater part of the time they were in office , engaged in a negociation for peace ; which had they succeeded in effecting , would have put an end to the Bank restriction . Had they continued in office longer than they did , he was convinced they would have shewn their zeal for the interests of the country , by attending , in the most serious and effective manner , to this most important and desirable measure of causing the Bank to resume their payments in specie.—Before he sat down he would conjure ministers maturely to consider the nature of the measure they were now about to adopt . He knew very well that the noble earl who brought forward this Bill was possessed of great ingenuity ; but he did not seem to have studied the nature and extent of its provisions . Could they bring forward an effectual remedy ? No ; the only way they could do it would be to make Bank notes a legal tender—a measure which he believed no man would venture to bring forward , either in that House or the other , without a great risk of being called to the severest account . The noble earls in his letter to the Lord Chancellor , had assimilated the pledges of the Bank to be given by this Bill , to those which were in force relative to the royal Bank of Scotland ; but nothing could be more different ; for in Scotland there was not a bank-note in circulation which the Bank was not obliged , to pay in cash whenever it should be demanded . To this had been owing the very great improvements in that country , and the reason why the rents there had in the same space 821 of time risen to a much higher state than they had done in England . Speaking of the argument of the noble earl ( Bathurst ) as to the injustice with which he had charged his noble friend ( lord King ) of acting towards his tenantry , his lordship declared , he never heard such nonsense . He felt ashamed of the House when he reflected on the mode in which the question had been urged . Ministers had adopted a measure , for which they had not been able to advance a single argument , except that of condemning an individual for pursuing a course with respect to his own property , which the law most fully and directly sanctioned . said , if every landlord in the country were to insist on his tenants paying their rent in gold , they might very soon come to the point of asking two hundred for one , because for the tenants to obtain gold would be impossible . The noble lord said , that the statute of Edward 6 applied only to gold and silver , and not to any other circulating medium . If the noble earl persisted in the present Bill , and it should be adopted , it might be necessary to introduce the words of that statute , and make them