of the bad conduct of apprentices than of masters , who were urged on by their profligate relatives , whom his hon . and learned 519 friend wished they should see more frequently . contended for the necessity of some regulation to ameliorate their condition . In his own experience , as a magistrate , he had known many instances of the inconveniences they suffered under the existing regulations . said , that as he had been given to understand that extraordinary opposition would be given to the Bill he proposed to bring in , by the different Vestries , he had thought it better to move for a Committee , and deter the Bill till next session , instead of bringing it forward now , when it might be thrown out , and a second one would come with a bad grace after the rejection of the first . observed , that , according to the course of proceeding adopted by the House in the present session , orders of the day were to have precedence of motions on his day ; still however , be felt a conviction , that the motion which he had to make , a motion recognising the merits of the general , the officers and the gallant army engaged in the glorious battle of Albuera , would be allowed by the House to take precedence of any other business . ( Hear , hear . ) He colleted from this cheer an admission on the pan of the House , and should therefore proceed . Now again be felt himself placed in the situation , in which he had imposed upon on him the agreeable duty , which several times during the present session he had had to perform , of presenting to the consideration of the House the eminent services of the British and allied armies—services which had been so frequently crowned with the most signal and brilliant success He had again to bring under the notice , and recommend to the attention and approbation of that House , the meritorious conduct of the officers and men of that army , who had so nobly distinguished themselves in the glorious cause in which they were engaged—the defence of the oppressed people of the Peninsula against the most grinding system of tyranny and oppression to which any nation had ever been exposed . He had on this happy occasion to enrol upon the illustrious list of those heroes who had signalized their valour and skill in their country 's service , the names of general Beresford , who so ably commanded the 520 allied army at Albuera , and of the other officers , whose eminent merits contributed to the brilliant victory obtained in that part of the Peninsula . To himself it was grateful , as he was convinced it would be satisfactory to every gentleman who heard him , and to the country , that , although they might feel a pride in contemplating the accumulated glories and honours acquired by particular generals , yet the country could reflect with exultation that it was not to one or two generals they could look with confidence for signal talents and heroic achievements in the field , but that the country had numerous generals competent to meet any general of France , with an army nearly equal in numbers , not only with glory to themselves , but with defeat to their enemies . It was remarkable , that , in the short period of the present session , this was the third time it had become his duty to bring the eminent services of the army under the consideration of the House , as introductory of a vote of its thanks—the highest honour it could bestow . And here , he trusted , that the House would do his Majesty 's ministers the justice to allow , that they had not studiously taken advantage of gallant exploits of equivocal character or inferior importance , to call upon the House for its thanks , for the purpose of obtaining an indirect attestation of their own merits and exertions in providing the means of