hon . mover was entirely incorrect in stating that the Irish brigades had been formed by persecution of the Irish Catholics . After the capitulation of Limerick , five or six thousand men chose to go over to France , notwithstanding king William wished very much to retain them at home ; and even promised them that if they decidedly preferred the military life , although he could not employ them himself , yet he would get them employment in the service of some of his allies . They , however , chose the service of France , and by the accession of their friends and connexions in Ireland , the number was kept up until the French Revolution . At the meeting of the county of Tipperary , which was stated to come from all descriptions of persons , he was informed that very few Protestants were present.—He then described the persons from whom the petition originated as composed of a few young barristers not much troubled with professional business , and many other persons of a low description in society . Mr. Finnerty , who had made himself an orator in Gale Jones 's forum , went over to Dublin , and immediately became a great man among them . It was he who advised them to petition tot only for Catholic emancipation , but for reform , abolition of tythes , and every thing else . The learned doctor concluded his speech by reading very long extracts from speeches of the Catholics , and their pamphlets , in order to shew that they were inimical to the established Protestant government of this country . , in explanation , said that the meeting at which the petition that he had presented was signed , was convened by the magistrates of the county , was attended by the two representatives of that county , and several thousands of the most respectable inhabitants ; and that a noble lord who presided on that occasion , had a landed property of 30,000l . per annum in that county . was of opinion , that even if the prayer of the petitioners were granted , it would not tend to suppress that disunion which marred the fairest prospects of Ireland ; and he was of the same opinion ha had delivered upon a former occasion , because the same objections he had then still applied to the petitions on the table of that House . He attributed much of the discontent that prevailed in Ireland and most of their calamities , to the non-residence of the men of property among their tenants . These grievances existed twenty seven years beforé the Union , and were not attributable to that measure . But until he should see a petition founded on an unqualified basis of an uncontrouled Veto in the King , he should give his negative to going into a Committee . thought the noble lord had taken a proper opportunity to lay before the House those grievances which he conceived Ireland laboured under . He was much of the same opinion ; nothing convinced him more strongly that the Union was not a wise measure ; and the oftener the question came before him , the more he was confirmed in his opinion . If what the Roman Catholics asked was proper to be conceded to them , it should be given , not on account of their numbers , but of the justice of their demand—if not useful to be granted , the House ought not to be afraid to refuse it . They were not to be intimidated into it by numbers . He saw no backwardness in the population of that country to engage in the army , nor any disposition to withhold themselves from embarking faithfully and heartily in the cause of their country . There was no pretence , however , for saying that the Roman Catholics in Ireland did not enjoy a full and complete toleration ; and in his opinion it was of little consequence to the bulk and mass of the population of that country , whether it was extended further or not