in my view of the subject , appear to require particular observation . The remainder , from the 4th to the 14th inclusive , contain a vast variety of statements , historical , political , commercial , financial and agricultural ; some accurate , some inaccurate ; but all valuable rather from their intrinsic erudition , than from any very near connexion with the subject before us . With none of these , therefore , Shall I presume to meddle . But , before I proceed to the three Resolutions in which the whole of the right hon . gentleman 's argument lies , I must say a word or two in answer to a challenge 96 of the right hon . gent . as to his 16th and 17th Resolutions . He states , and states very truly , that I had declared myself ready to vote for those two Resolutions , provided they were prefaced and introduced , not by his own preceding Resolutions , but by the first ten of the original Resolutions moved by the hon . and learned chairman of the Bullion Committee . The right hon . gent , triumphs in this declaration of mine , as if it had been a concession to his argument , instead of an exposition of my own . He has caught me in a great inconsistency ; it seems . And what is this inconsistency ? That I am ready to affirm two things irreconcilable with each other ? —that would vote premises that did not bear out their conclusion , or a conclusion contradictory to its premises ? No such thing : but simply , that I am ready to adopt the premises suggested by one man , and the conclusion drawn by another . This is what he considers as am inconsistency ; as it consistency hid reference not to the compatibility of doctrines , but to the identity of the persons holding them . it is true that if the first ten of the original Resolution had been carried , I should not have objected to adding to them the two concluding Propositions of the right hon . gentleman . But I can not consent to vote for them by themselves , nor if introduced by his own preceding Propositions . I am not , any more than the right hon . gent , himself , for changing the period now fixed by law for the repeal of the Bank Restriction . I could therefore have been contented to vote for the 16th and 17th of the right hon . gent 's Proposition 's if those principles respecting the standard of our money , which were luminously and accurately developed in the Resolutions moved by the chairman of the Bullion Committee , had been previously recognized and sanctioned . The truth of these principles once admitted ; there might hare been comparatively little danger in deciding either way the question , whether the period for returning to the strict practical application of them should be accelerated . But to decide that question in a way which should imply a denial of the truth of those principles , would be productive of a mischief than which none can be greater , except indeed that of adopting the right hon . gent . 's Resolutions , in which the truth of those principles is denied , not by implication but directly . To have abstained from adopting the 97 original Resolutions , provided no others were agreed to in their room , would be to leave the true principles of our money system unvouched indeed , but not discredited ; and to leave the Bank Restriction precisely as it stands . To declare the continuance of the Bank Restriction by adopting the right hon . gent 's 16th and 17th Resolutions only , without adverting at the same time to the principles laid down by the Bullion Committee , would be to leave it matter of doubt whether the restriction was continued because those principles were false , or only because their force was overborne by considerations of expediency . This result would be unsatisfactory enough