no complaint was now made , the order fell to the ground of course.—The order was accordingly discharged . rose to move that duplicates of the correspondence which had passed between the British and the French governments , relative to the Exchange of Prisoners , and which correspondence had been already laid before the other House of Parliament , be also laid on their lordships ' table . It was painful to consider to what hardships and privations such a large number of persons had , in both countries , been doomed for such a length of time , especially if no serious measure had been adopted to relieve them from so distressing a situation . It was proper that their lordships should inquire , and that the country should know to which of the two governments was to be imputed the failure of the attempt to settle some plan for the exchange of prisoners of war . It was proper it should be known that nothing in fairness and in justice had been omitted on the part of the British government to effect that exchange , and that if it failed , it had not failed , through any want of sincerity and anxiety 643 on our part , to accomplish an object which , from every motive of humanity , it was so desirous to attain . It afforded him much satisfaction to observe , that no blame on this head was imputable to this country , and that the British government had gone every length which they were warranted in going , in order to bring about that much desired exchange . was as desirous as any noble lord could be , that the conduct of government , in this respect , should be as generally and as publicly known as possible . Indeed government had evinced a most sincere anxiety to obtain this object by the sacrifices they were ready to make , in order to attain it ; for every proposition that was just , fair , and equitable , had been made to the enemy for that purpose , but they were not met by a similar disposition , and had been frustrated only by the exorbitant , and wholly inadmissible demands on the Part of the French government . moved the insertion of the words he had moved to insert into the Mutiny Bill , and which provided that no officer should have the power of compelling any soldier not of the Church of England to attend its service , and gave him the right of attending those places of worship to which he was attached , according to the dictates of his own conscience , such attendance not interfering with his civil or military duties . He wished not to leave this matter to the discretion of this or that Commander in Chief , but to make it clear and undoubted by a parliamentary enactment . thought the Amendment unnecessary ; as care would be taken , on the adoption of this measure , to have a general order issued here , similar to that in Ireland . He believed the Catholics , whom he admitted to be as respectable and loyal as any other description of his Majesty 's subjects , were quite satisfied on this point , and that the regiments from counties chiefly Catholic were among those who would be first in volunteering their services in England . contended for the clause proposed . He thought nothing 644 could be more simple and just , than to set the whole matter in a clear and legal point of view , and so do away all grounds of misunderstanding . He believed that nothing unfair was meant , and if his feeble voice could reach the ears of his countrymen , he would tell them that they might rely on fair treatment ; but it was still better to settle all reasons of doubt . argued in support of the clause . The question ought not to stand on the disposition of a Secretary of State , or a Commander-in-Chief , whoever they might be : it was one which