a committee of its own , if it should not approve of the conduct of the investigators now appointed , said , the doctrines laid down by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to him of such a nature , that if they were true , we appeared to have no security for personal liberty in this country , more than what was possessed by men in other countries . If a gentleman was to be kept in solitary confinement for two years , and the grounds upon which government acted were not to be made known to him , it was impos- 755 sible to define arbitrary power more completely . This was just such a doctrine as one would expect to hear from Buonaparté 's minister of police , or whoever else should fill a situation corresponding to that of the right hon . gentleman over the was . The suspension of the Habeas Corpus act gave ministers no right to imprison persons whom they were not authorised otherwise to imprison : it only took away from the unfortunate individual the right of forcing on his trial within a reasonable time . With respect to the treatment which the Petitioner had received from Dr. Trevor , he would ask , what colour of pretence Dr. Trevor had to alter the treatment of the prisoners . There seemed to be lately a new mode of proceeding adopted with regard to gaols , persons interfering in the management of them who had no right so to interfere . They were told of the character of Br . Trevor , and they were also sure to be told of the character `` of the unfortunate complainers . And he heard the other day of the improper conduct of a person under confinement in this country . What that impropriety was he could not conceive . If the prisoner had endeavoured to effect his escape , then the gaoler was bound in duty to take measures for securing him ; but he was not at liberty to punish this individual at his own discretion . He should wish to see an action brought against government by the petitioner , and he thought that any jury would , give it in his favour . It was always the case with governments to possess an unwarrantable jealousy with regard to the subject ; they wished always to make assurance double sure , rather than allow persons to escape from whom they apprehended danger . in explanation said , that he only justified bills of indemnity in cases where rebellion was known to exist , and where its existence was recognized by parliament , and not in the general way attributed to him by the hon . baronet . said , that at the time of the suspension of that act in Ireland , a rebellion ( lid exist ; and it was necessary ' that government should be entrusted with greater powers than usual . bore testimony to the mild government of lord Hardwicke , and expressed his confidence , that however this investigation might turn out , that noble lord would be found to deserve the think of the House . said , he should be sorry in voting for the present motion , if any one should suppose that he was any wise reflecting on the character of lord Hardwicke , of whose administration the leading features were lenity and conciliation . At the lime when Mr. Mason was arrested there was no rebellion in Ireland , ' but merely an alarm and suspicion ; and there was every appearance , from the anxiety which that gentleman displayed to have his case examined into , that he was innocent but in sending this investigation to the Irish government , there was no imputation thrown on the Irish government , because it was perfectly possible for the chief governor , however amiable , to have been misled , and for acts of the greatest outrage to have been committed under his auspices under the pretext of keeping down rebellion ; and though he was not for charging the noble