* , for the encouragement of persons bringing plate to the Mint , and for reducing the rate at which guineas ( which were then no legal tender ) should be allowed to pass , first to twenty-six shillings , and afterwards to twenty two shillings . One of these acts ( 7 and S W. 3. c . 19 . ) contains a provision , which is curious , as it shows the tri-ing expedients to which the distress of those times compelled the state to have recourse . It prohibits the use of any silver plate , except spoons , in taverns and public-houses , in order to obtain for the Mint the miserable resource of the plate belonging to such places . The coinage thus ordered , was carried into execution with vigour and activity and before the 28th of November , above 4,636,000l . in tale of clipped money had been melted for recoinage ; and about 2,400,000l . of the new coin , amounting to nearly the same weight of silver , had been paid into the exchequer , or issued to the public . The circumstances attending this memorable recoinage undoubtedly throw some light on the principles laid down by the Bullion Committee , but seem to me much better calculated to impeach , than to confirm , the validity of those principles as applied by then . In the first place , it is clear that the calling in of the hammered money , must , until the new coin came into circulation , have occasioned a great diminution of the circulating currency ; and that it did so in fact , to a degree producing extreme public inconvenience , appears from the numerous petitions from the principal trading towns ( no less than eighteen in number ) , which were presented at the next meeting of parliament , complaining of the difficulties and embarrassments of trade caused by the want of the means of circulation * declared that there never was a Committee appointed by that House by which more had been done to elicit the truth , than by the Bullion Committee Their Report , however , was said by some gentlemen to have done mischief ; and is had been alledged , that , had it not been for that Report , France would have rescinded her Berlin and Milan Decree , His own merchants , however , had the a told Buonaparté , that if those Decrees were not rescinded , they would cause the ruin of France . In this they had been found to be correct , and the trade of France was now reduced to a state almost of total annihilation . If so , he was willing to hope that , by comparing the last year with the present , the situation of this country would be found to be very different indeed . Many clerks , no doubt , who had received credit in consequence of the excessive issue of paper , and who had embarked thousands of pounds in the wildest of all speculations , had got their names into the Gazette ; but had the real , fair , and substantial merchant been reduced to this situation ? No . And , of course , instead of our mercantile situation being worse , we were now in a more wholesome state , after having got quit of this excess of paper , with which the market was incumbered ; and we had now people of capital ready to embark in trade , whenever a fair prospect of doing so with advantage presented itself . He asked then , was not our situation mended , and was not that of France more fallen than it had hitherto been ? All writers agreed that the standard must be either in gold or silver ; it could not be in both . Till the year 1717 , silver had been the standard in this country ; then , indeed but more particularly in the year 1774 the preference was given to gold . The 75 main question here was , whether paper was depreciated He