would insure their being invariably re- 948 ceived at par . It was one of those occasions , on which a conventional acquiescence that they were to be received as cash , seemed to leave nothing for Parliament to do , at least in the first instance . They wisely preferred , on such an occasion , the protective influence of a moral principle to a premature attempt , by enactment of law , to provide for difficulties , which it was hoped never would occur ; under the security of such a principle , the country has lived and prospered since the Bank Restriction Act passed . My lord King has been the first person to emancipate himself from its influence , and to introduce a practice , to say the least , perfectly novel in Great Britain.—It is not for me to impeach the motives of any individual , availing himself of rights , which the laws of his country furnish him with the means of asserting . I am bound to suppose , from the character and endowments of the noble lord , that he acts from an honest conviction , that he is claiming from his tenant , what he thinks not merely lawful , but strictly just . Denying however , as I do , the justice of the claim , and believing that Parliament never did , nor could intend to suffer the law so to stand , except under an expectation , that , during the continuance of the Suspension Act , it would not be put in force , I consider that , in consequence of this exercise of an extreme legal right on his lordship 's part , the duty of rendering their former measure consistent in point of justice with itself , has devolved upon the legislature ; a task , from the performance of which , however painful , and in some respects difficult in the execution , I trust Parliament will not shrink . But it is said , will you interfere between my lord King and his tenant in matter of contract , and by an ex post facto law disturb and alter the rights of the parties ? I can not consider the proposed relief as an ex post facto law . I consider it rather as declaratory of the true intent and purpose of the act of 1797 ; and I deny , in any equitable view of the contract subsisting between lord King and his tenant , that it can be enforced in the manner proposed by his lordship . I will take the two cases his lordship puts , of leases granted by him prior , and subsequent to the passing of the Bank Restriction Act in 1797 ; and I will suppose the usual covenant , binding the tenants to pay the rent reserved in the law- 949 ful coin of the realm , to be found in both . I will , on the case thus stated , put it to any fair man to say , notwithstanding the letter of the bond , whether , when the bargain was made , the fair understanding between the parties was not , that payment would be accepted in Bank notes ? It is true , in the former period . Bank notes were convertible into cash , but it is not the tenant 's fault that they have not continued to be so convertible ; but , in the latter period , it was distinctly foreseen when the lease was signed , that , so long as the restriction on the Bank continued , the notes of the Bank of England would not be convertible into cash upon demand . Upon this state of facts the parties treated , and the scale of rent was agreed on . Now I deny , that it was any part of the understanding , that the tenant , in the former case , was to pay , or could pay , such a rent in guineas , supposing a case so perfectly new and unforeseen as that which has really occurred , to happen ;