that should make such debtor and creditor guilty of a misdemeanor , and subject to the penalties attachable thereto . He could not have believed that the House would have entertained such a proposition for a moment ; and yet , if that Bill passed into a law , such would be its effects.—Mr . Western then proceeded to examine the alleged fact of Bank-notes being already depreciated , and declared , that he was fully convinced that such was actually the case . It was notorious that a traffic had long been carried on in the interchange of Bank notes and guineas , and that guineas were worth , at the time he was speaking , six or seven and twenty shillings each in Bank paper . This was , indeed , admitted ; but gentlemen said , this traffic was carried on only by jews and pedlars . That might be so ; but be did not see how that altered the 1082 case : the difference of value was just as strongly proved as if the traffic had been entered into by other persons 5 but he was confident it had become pretty general , and that the superior value of guinea ? , in respect to paper , was so well understood in the country , that no person , having possession of guineas , to any material amount , would exchange them for paper , without requiring a premium for such exchange . A respectable country tradesman had told him the other day , that he had a little time ago come into possession of a sum of money in guineas , as executor and trustee to a friend ; that finding this property in gold , and knowing , as all the country knew , that a guinea would exchange for more than a one pound note and a shilling , he felt it to be his duty not to part with these guineas at less than their real value , and they accordingly produced at the rate of five or six and twenty shillings in Bank notes for each guinea . This circumstance he mentioned to shew not only that the difference of value existed , but was generally known and admitted throughout the country ; still it was contended , that this was no proof that Bank-notes were depreciated , that they would purchase commodities just as well as usual . It was said this was only an artificial depreciation of paper , or that , in other words , gold was artificially dear . He could not any way understand what was meant by artificially dear or cheap ; but if the fallen value of paper in exchange for gold was not allowed to be a depreciation of paper , let it be examined whether gold had risen in value , and in order to determine that point , try it in the exchange for other articles , and particularly with those which would afford the truest test , namely , articles of primary importance and necessity . This comparison had been most ably and fully gone into by an hon . gent . who had preceded him in the debate , ( Mr. G. Johnstone , ) and he had most unanswerably shewn , that gold had not advanced in price as compared to these articles ; so far from it , its value had been excessively diminished . It would not command by any means the same quantity of goods , it would many years ago . All persons having fixed incomes , felt most sensibly the truth of this assertion ; and if they felt the diminished power of their incomes some time ago , how much more must they feel it now that the paper currency in which they are paid has suffered so material a diminution of its value below that of gold , 1083 which itself had lost a considerable portion of its former power . To illustrate this fact , he had likewise referred to the prices of corn for a number of years back . It was not the price of corn however