to be introduced into the Bill , protecting the catholic soldiers of the Irish Militia from being compelled to attend the established church , when in England ? replied , that the operations of the Bill would be such as to render it impossible for the Militia of the two countries to be placed , in that respect , in any situation different from that in which each stood in its respective country . The Bill was then read a first time , and ordered to be read a second lime on Thurs- ( day , and to be printed . rose to make his promised motion on the Exemption of the Funded Property of Foreigners from the Property Tax . When the Bill in which this ex-emption originated was first proposed , it was contended , that without the violation of a precise act of parliament , no duty could be imposed on Funded Property . It appeared to him that this argument proceeded from a misapprehension of those acts ; for it never could have been 203 intended by the legislature that income arising out of whatever description of property , should be exempted from the general contribution necessary to the security of the state . In 1803 , the Bill for collecting the Income Tax on Funded Property at the Bank passed , and in 1806 it was amended , still leaving the clause which exempted from the tax the Funded Property of Foreigners . To this clause he now wished to call the attention of the House . It had been argued in 1806 , that the exemption would operate as an invitation to foreigners to place their money in the British funds . This expectation , however , had proved unfounded ; for the Funded Property of Foreigners had remained nearly the same ever since that period . The hon . gentleman next stated the manner in which the drawback on this tax was obtained , namely , by a power of attorney granted by the foreigner resident abroad , to whom the stock belonged ; and exposed the opening which was thus afforded to the most flagrant abuses . It was not , however , so much on the impolicy and inconvenience of the exemption , that he founded his objection to it , but on the injustice of the measure . Let us examine , said the hon . gentleman , into the relation in which the foreigner stands , who residing abroad , possesses property in our funds . Let us examine under what conditions be became possessed of that Stock , what faith has been either expressed or implied , what honour pledged to him under which he can derive any colour of right to be placed on a different footing from the general mass of stockholders . In the first place , none of the government loans have been contracted with foreigners . The loan is necessarily completed before the stock is created . There is then no pledge on the part of government towards foreigners . Why then , there can be no violation of national faith—there can be no sacrifice of public principle ; and I call upon the advocates of this clause of exemption to shew the contract , if it exists , by which any exception is taken , or any exemption secured , or even promised , to the property of aliens . I can find no such contract . Foreigners become stock-holders by purchase . The stock is in the market before they can become proprietors . They can only purchase that right in it which the seller was possessed of ; and by that purchase they are placed in the same situation , subject to the same regulations and liable to the same contin- 204 gencies with the original subscribers . If then you break no faith in taxing the annuities payable to natives , you break none to foreigners . Taxing natives and exempting foreigners is a gross injustice.—The hon . gentleman concluded by moving , `` That the account of the Amount of all of all Exemptions granted to Foreigners in