The learned doctor Duigenan , whom all deserted when his nomination as a privy counsellor was called in question , must be declared by acclamation to be the privy counsellor chosen by the right hon . gent . himself . That right hon . and learned Doctor had made a most illiberal attack on Mr. Finnerty , describing him as a person who had been a journeyman taylor . He ( Mr. Whitbread ) had no noble parentage to boast of , but he never despised an honest or meritorious man on that account . He would remind the right hon . and learned doctor , of a story which had probably escaped his recollection . It having been mentioned as a matter of disparagement to a person who had amassed a fortune , and got into a genteel line of life , that he had at 421 one time been Boots , as it is called , at an inn ; the person in reply confessed , `` It is true , I once was Boots at that inn , and now I am what you see me ; but if you had ever been Boots there , you would have been so still . '' The hon . gentleman proceeded to allude to the gallant exploits of lord Wellington , general Beresford , and general Pack , and asked ought the country to have been deprived of their services , they being Irishmen , if they happened to be Catholics , because they believed in transubstantiation ? Or if they were now to become converts to that belief , ought they on that account , to be dismissed the service ? The case was an extreme one ; but still it was exactly in point , and the right hon . gent , drove him to it . Had the right hon . gent . considered the nature of his Militia interchange plan , when he censured his noble friend ( earl Grey 's ) measure in favour of the Catholics ? What was that measure ? The opening of certain situations in the army to Catholic officers . Why , by this interchange you brought Catholic soldiers , commanded by Catholic officers , to defend these realms ! This was lord Ho-wick 's measure on a scale ten times more extensive . And was it this , then , that endangered the Church ? Was this the ground on which the cry of No Popery was raised ? But the matter did not rest here . The casualties of the army at the lowest computation amounted to 22,000— ( would to God they were not more ) —and your ordinary recruiting furnished only 9,000—you were forced to have recourse to volunteering from the Militia . The Catholic soldier would not go without the Catholic officer . The officer , therefore , must be permitted to go ; and here would lord Howick 's measure be completed . These inconsistencies could be accounted for only upon the supposition that on this subject the right hon . gent. , ingenious and acute as he was , entertained prejudices so gross , that it was impossible for him to see any thing clearly through their mist . But the right hon . gentleman 's intolerance had injured the recruiting service . For these three years past the Catholics had not enlisted . The priests had prevented them , and no wonder . Give back , then , their privileges to the Catholics for they had them before . Give them by degrees , or , if you do not , the time will come when they must be given at once—and that once may be a season of serious convulsion in the state . The right hon . gent . 422 took it for granted , that the Church was the greatest of blessings , and yet he had admitted tythes to be a grievance in Ireland , which , if possible , it would be highly desirable to get rid of . But his objection to the consideration of the Petitions was , that the Catholics having got that