the evidence , were transmitted to the provincial magistrates , in sessions or individually , with a view to inform the public , in the distant parts of the kingdom , of the nature of the proposed amendments : —a precedent of highly useful adoption , as connected with the present question , on which the opinions of the great mass of the people should be considered with considerable deference , especially on a question involving a departure from the long established policy of the constitution . Where the policy has been founded in error , that error should be satisfactorily manifested . 397 deed wisely held out by an express provision of the Act of Union with Ireland , and it was to be hoped that the good sense of parliament would not much longer refrain from the adoption of it . then proceeded to acquit that part of the task which he had undertaken , in conformity to the wishes of the respectable body to which he had before alluded , namely , the noblemen and gentlemen composing the Committee of the English Roman Catholics . observed , that in a recent publication of the right hon . civilian ( Dr. D. * he has been pleased to consider the authenticity of the answers of the six foreign universities to the questions proposed at the desire of Mr. Pitt , as resting solely `` on the authority of a Roman Catholic priest of the name of Hussey . `` —Had the fact even been such as stated , the individual was not quite so obscure as the terms chosen by the right hon . author might convey an impression of . Dr. Hussey had been confidentially employed by lord North , when at the head of the administration ( in the persuasion of his possessing great influence at the court of Madrid ) in the year 1780 , on a secret mission to Spain , to endeavour to effectuate a separate peace . On the establishment of the college of Maynooth , he was nominated to the Presidency chiefly by the influence of the duke of Portland , then one of his Majesty 's ministers , and by the same protection was materially aided in his recommendation to the Roman Catholic See of Waterford.—The fact , however , is , that Dr. Hussey was not at all engaged in the transaction of obtaining the answers of the universities , though he was shortly after selected for a very important mission to the See of Rome , which would be presently taken notice of . The transaction , as relates to the universities , fortunately stands on a broader basis than the right hon . civilian is disposed to concede.—In the year 1788 , it is well known , that a Committee of Roman Catholic noblemen and gentlemen , of great consideration , were assembled ( many individuals of which are still assembled , from time to time ) , in London , and were , at that period , in correspondence with Mr. Pitt on the subject of those measures which were preparatory to the act of 1791 . Of that Committee—the late lord Petre , lord Stourton , Sir H. C. Englefield , Sir W. Jerhingham , and Sir John Throckmorton , with other Catholic gentlemen , of high 398 respectability , were membets.—On the 9th of May 1788 , lord Petre , Sir H. C. Englefield , and Mr. Fermor , reported the result of their conference with Mr. Pitt , expressing the willingness of that minister to patronize their application to parliament , but recommending a delay till the following session , `` which would allow time ( Mr. Pitt observed ) to government for preparing the minds of some of the leading interests in the country previous to bringing on a measure of 80 much , importance . '' In the interval , before the bill was brought into parliament—the questions , -at Mr. Pitt 's desire , were proposed to the six Universities , and the answers were obtained and transmitted to Mr. Pitt by the committee . Those of the Sorbonne were