done at an expence , not of the said sum of 95,866l . 7s . 10d . but of considerably more than 200,000l ; and that , to make up that sum , and many others expended on the works at different times , the corporation raised money on debentures ; that in all the debentures so issued previous to the year 1798 , the principal sums raised with interest thereon , at 6 per cent . 282 were made charges and liens on the tolls and all other estates of the Company , but ail debentures issued by the said company after that year , were in the nature of perpetual annuities charged on the tolls and other property ; from the general confidence in their future welfare , the sum required was always procured without difficulty , in whatever form the debentures were prepared ; and that the loss sustained by the reduction of tolls above-mentioned amounted in the year 1809 to no less a sum than 4,363l . 8s . 5¼d . ; to what extent it may hereafter increase , by the advancement of wealth and intercourse , can not now be calculated , but even at the present rate the sum received by the company does not amount to 22 years purchase of the income thus extinguished for ever ; and that the petitioners therefore presume to consider this transaction not as a gift to them , but as a bargain in which a permanent benefit to the public has been purchased by the directors general , at a price certainly not above its value ; and that the canal having been thus extended to Coolnahay , a distance of 46 miles from Dublin , it remained that the company should take measures for the continuation of it to Tarmonbury , according to the provisions of their charter , of the acts of parliament abovementioned , and of many others since made from time to time for the regulation or aid of the company ; for this purpose they caused the most exact surveys and estimates to be prepared of the different possible lines , by all which it appeared , that to complete the canal in the direction first suggested would require a sum of 340,525l 15s . 11d . and a period of ten years ; that by turning from that course near Tinnelick , and going a little farther to the southward , a new line might be followed , which , without deviating in any pan more-than a mile from the former , should return to it at Mosstown , nut more than nine miles from the commencement of the deviation , and according to which the whole might be Completed for a sum of 186,087l . 16s . 11d . and in `` bout three years , being a saving , by means of this small alteration , of seven years in lime , and of no less than 154,437l . 19s . in money ; and that it was suggested that the Company might perhaps find some mode of reaching the Shannon by a Canal farther to the northward , which being , so much more distant from the Grand Canal , might diminish at least , if not remove , competition injurious , as it was said , to 283 both ; and that the petitioners accordingly directed surveys to be made with a view to that object , though certainly with little , if any , hope as to the event , some of the petitioners well remembering , and the rest of them fully believing , that that matter had been carefully considered previous to the formation of the Company , or to the charter and acts of Parliament , by all of which they had been directed to Tarmonbury ; and that accordingly it turned out that the shortest practicable line which could be found farther to the north , was one turning off from the present Canal near the twentieth lock , about 34 miles from Dublin , and reaching the Shannon at Roosky , which would leave many miles of the Canal already