to rest satisfied without inquiry . followed on the same side , and contended that the whole tything system ought to be revised . spoke in favour of the motion , and expressed his astonishment that investigation into the state of Ireland should be refused , when their ignorance about that country was so great , that the two sides could not agree within a million and a half , as to its population . rose , in pursuance of notice , to call the attention of the House to some regulation on the subject of the Tailors ' trade in the city of London . Combinations among this body were of very old standing , and called , even in ancient times , for penal acts . The oldest which he could find on the subject was in the reign of Edward 6 ; the next was enacted in the reign of George the first ; and another still more severe in the reign of his present Majesty . It was found , notwithstanding , that those combinations had not only increased , but that they were conducted on a scale of great magnitude , and with such peculiar sagacity as to defeat the object of every penal statute . There were , within the bills of mortality , about 24,000 tailors , and of these 4,000 had been proved to be in a regular combination , provided not only with counsel , but with a fund of money . They were not content with aiding their own combinations , but even the combinations of other trades , particularly of the Calico Weavers . It was unnecessary for him to enlarge upon the danger of such combinations , or the probability of their taking a much more extended and different compass , unless speedily removed . He concluded with moving , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to take into consideration the Laws regulating the Wages of Journeymen in the Tailors ' trade within the bills of mortality , the state of the said trade generally , the combinations entered into by Journey- 590 men therein , and the effects thereof on other branches of industry . '' did not approve of the existing laws , but thought that no additional restrictive statutes should be enacted against the Journeymen Tailors.—The motion was then agreed to . moved , that there be laid before this House an Account of the number of French Prisoners of War in England , distinguishing the prisons in which they were confined in the month of April 1810 , and according to the latest returns ; distinguishing those in health from the sick and convalescents . suggested , that some measures should be taken to improve the prisons , especially by paving the yards ; He did not mean to insinuate that government had been guilty of any neglect with regard to the accommodation of the prisoners ; to whom , on the contrary , he believed the utmost attention was paid . bore testimony to the good treatment of the prisoners.—The motion , was then agreed to . said , that though the nation was indebted to the late lord Melville for the act which enabled the Navy officer serving on a foreign station , to draw his personal pay at the end of every three months , there was still a great hardship from which they were not relieved , and it was to remove that hardship he brought forward his present motion . What he complained of was , that the officers on foreign stations incurred a loss of from 35 to 40 per cent , in consequence of the rate of exchange ; and what he wished was , that they should be put on the same footing with the army in this respect . Many memorials had been transmitted on the subject to the Admiralty , but without producing any effect . Upon the Scheldt expedition they were ordered to be put on the same footing with the army , that the best understanding possible might exist between the two services ; and if such a measure was necessary