between the parties ; and it is impossible not to foresee , that great public inconvenience and discontent is likely to be produced , by the unequal measure of indulgence different landlords may think fit to deal out to their tenantry under such circumstances . I have before observed that a premium on guineas has always prevailed in the north of Ireland , even before the Bank Restriction Act took place . There being at that time no private banks issuing notes in that part of the kingdom , whose business led them to hold cash at the requisition of their Holders of their paper , the usual mode by which dealers , who came from a distance to purchase linens , or 964 other commodities with bank-notes , or credits upon Dublin , obtained any considerable supply of guineas , was by applying to the the agents of men of property , who supplied them with what they required at a premium , varying according to the supply and demand in different parts of the country . The same practice prevailed , under the authority of government , in the payment of the army . The paymasters of regiments procured gold , by similar means , to issue the subsistence to the troops ; and were directed to charge the premium paid for guineas in their contingent accounts with government . So established was this practice , that I recollect when Mr. Pelham ( now earl of Chichester ) was chief secretary in Ireland , for the purpose of introducing greater economy into the charge of converting Bank-notes into the guineas requisite for the army , that district paymasters were appointed to superintend this branch of the public service . it may be said , why then prohibit by law a practice in England , which has so long prevailed without inconvenience in Ireland ? and the hon . and learned member ( Mr. Brougham ) has recommended , that coin , like all other commodities , should be suffered to find its own level , and he has argued , that this would operate advantageously in bringing back coin , and in keeping it in circulation . Perhaps no serious inconvenience would arise from such a practice prevailing , so far as ready money dealings are concerned ! hut when the question is , what the law can injustice enforce in satisfaction of a debt , the practical objection to the hon . member 's suggestion shows itself ; it by no means follows , that a system which may have prevailed in a corner of the empire for a length of time , without any serious inconvenience , may not , if suddenly extended to the whole empire , be productive both of mischief and calamity : but it is not true , to suppose , that no inconvenience has been experienced with respect to a circulating medium regulated upon such principles , even in the limited portion of Ireland where it has prevailed . From the scarcity of guineas , and their consequent high price ( coin being the only medium in which transactions were conducted ) , the inconvenience became so great , that , by general consent , bank-notes became the prevailing currency in ordinary dealings , and it is only in discharge of rents , that payment in guineas has been latterly 965 required . Even on this reduced scale , of demand for guineas , considerable difficulty has occurred in procuring the necessary supply , and the premium has at times become excessively high ; how great then must be the difficulty , and the premium , if the demand for coin as a medium indispensable to the payment of rent , should be extended over the whole empire ; and what an unjust scale would such a competition for guineas afford for regulating an increased payment of rent in notes ! nothing could be more accidental , fluctuating and oppressive , than such a standard ; unless it was the price of gold itself , when the continental exchanges are under the controul of the enemy , and when all freedom