acts of parliament ; but on consideration , and in compliance with the suggestion of the first lord of the Admiralty , I have thought it better to move , `` That a Committee be appointed to examine into the conduct of the Judge Registrar and Marshal , and their Deputies , of the court of Vice Admiralty at Malta , for the violation of the 37th , 38th , 39th , and 41 St sections of the 45th Geo . 3 , c . 72 . '' seconded the motion , not from any knowledge of its merits , but thinking , that if the matter of charge was not inquired into , it would reflect upon the House . could not avoid applauding ' the benevolent motive of the hon . gentleman , who had seconded the poor outcast of the noble lord . With respect to the conduct of the learned judge alluded to , he was satisfied it was the opinion of the House that he had done nothing amiss—that the dignity of his office required that he should exert his authority after the direct insult that the noble lord had offered to the court . The charge against the noble lord was for taking down the public document of the court , a charge which he , had not denied , nay indeed , the noble lord had exhibited what he termed a fac simile of the table of fees , and so closely imitated , that the very impression of the wafers—the document itself , and its smoke-dried appearance , seemed to proclaim its originality . The conduct of the noble lord , when required to answer for this contempt , was not merely that he refused to obey the monition , but that he pulled out a pistol and threatened to shoot any man , who at tempted to execute it upon him Chapman , the officer , therefore ( and the fact was confirmed by two witnesses ) , thought it not prudent to execute a warrant at the point of a pistol , and had , not the courage 1027 to act . The noble lord had stated that he refused to answer interrogatories , and that he made a protest against the proceedings of the court . It was not regular for the court to receive protests arraigning its proceedings , and upon the inquiry it did not think there was sufficient grounds for discharging the noble lord from his arrest . If , however , he was aggrieved , there was a channel through which he might have had redress , without coming to the House , by appearing before the privy council , and stating his charges against Dr. Sewell , who would , if proved , be removed . But should there not have existed , in the executive government , a disposition to redress the noble lord 's grievances , then it would have been open for him to appeal to the House : but to come at the end of the session was not very regular . Dr. Sewell was a person of correct conduct , and unlikely to act with injustice to any individual . replied , and repeated his former statements . agreed with his hon . and learned friend in objecting to the motion on three grounds ; first , because the case was one of the most frivolous ones he had ever met with : secondly , because the noble lord , if he had just cause for complaint , should have made it at the Admiralty , and that board would have investigated the complaint ; and thirdly , because the complaint , instead of being Made by the noble lord , was , by his own shewing , a complaint against himself . He had this to state to the noble lord , that if he had not been an officer on half-pay , he would have heard from the board of Admiralty in a different Way . With respect to the Marshal exercising the office of Proctor in conjunction , be would recommend an inquiry to be made