against this country ; the high price of bullion ; and even the fact of lord King 's having demanded his rents in good and lawful money , were circumstances that proved depreciation . But if paper was not depreciated , and if this was only a device of the noble lord 's to prove that his ideas on the subject of political economy were correct , why fear that his example should be followed ? Or why pass this law ? First , the Bill now nursed and fostered by ministers , was objected to , and the letter of that noble lord was represented as foolish , and even odious ; the noble lord 's notion was conceived as merely theoretical , and it was declared that nobody would follow his example . If ministers were still of this mind , why pass the present Bill ? If , on the other hand , they now admitted that others were likely 944 to follow the example of lord King , then did they equally admit that Bank paper was depreciated.—The noble lord proceeded to shew that there were two kinds of depreciation of paper currency ; the one arising from excessive issue ; the other from want of confidence ; which , if suffered to go on , would run a race against each other , till the country would be brought to ruin , unless the system was changed . The best remedy which could be used was the fixing of two prices , a paper price and a money price . By this the public creditor would be in part a sufferer ; but he confessed he did not regard the public creditor so much as some gentlemen did . The public creditor took the larger premium , and , of course , was entitled to the lesser security . The interests of the landlord were those most connected with the interests of the country , and therefore the most to be regarded . On the existence of two prices there was no doubt but gold would make its appearance . In every country there always was as much currency as was necessary . He objected to the present measure , too , because it was not a complete measure , but only a part of the system which the proposer of the measure had in view . He recollected a period when the noble earl was as anxious about guineas as he was now about notes . He had then discovered a nostrum to prevent guineas from being clipped , melted , and what not , and having prevailed on the late Mr. Pitt to allow him to have a guinea prepared at the Mint agreeably to his own plan , when the guinea was rounded off '' and finished , the officer of the Mint desired his lordship to look at the guinea , and see if it was exactly as be wished it . His lordship , on examining it , declared , yes ! that was every thing that could be desired , and there was a guinea which he defied any one to melt or sweat , or in any measure to deteriorate . The officer , who understood the nature of the composition , so contrived it , at the moment , that this all-perfect guinea should drop upon a stone , when , lo ! it broke in two ! In the like manner , he had no doubt but the secure mode which the noble earl had in contemplation for making Bank notes a legal tender would be found equally perfect and equally valuable . The measure now proposed , was an ex post facto law , and like all such laws was unjust and injurious . It should , therefore , have his decided opposition . rose and said : Sir ; not having been present when this Bill was discussed on the first reading , and as I may not have it in my power to attend its future stages , I am desirous of taking this opportunity of delivering my sentiments upon a measure ,