America : I could wish them to recollect , that marshal Saxe was a Protestant , and that Neckar was a Protestant : I could wish them to call to mind , that the Austrian general , Alvinzi was a Protestant , and that general Wurmser was a Protestant : and it is not long since I read with great satisfaction , in a valuable compilation of documents by an hon . baronet , a member of the other House [ Sir J. C. Hippesley ] to whom I am greatly indebted for information on the present subject , an edict promulgated by the late emperor of Germany , Joseph the second ; in which it is laid down as a maxim never to be departed from , that talents for the due discharge of the various duties of civil and military appointments , are the only qualifications for such appointments ; and not the peculiar religious opinions of any sect of Christians whatsoever . When I read an English act of parliament , which breathes a portion of the same spirit , I shall be happy to retract my assertion . But , my Lords ; what is our conduct towards the Catholics of Ireland ? Not content with turning a deaf ear , year after year , to the reasonable prayer of the Petitioners ; there are many who censure them , and severely too , for expressing those feelings of disappointment and resentment , which they can not but have , in a language , ( as it is said , ) not sufficiently temperate ; and they have been particularly blamed , for applying the terms Intolerant , ' and Penal ' to those restrictive statutes , which still continue in force against them , and of which they have , in my opinion , just cause to complain as harsh , oppressive , unnecessary , 667 and unmerited . I do not , however , wish to aggravate their wrongs , by a vague and angry declamation against intolerance : still less do I wish to weary your lordship 's attention , by a tedious common place disquisition , upon so trite , and so revolting a subject . With respect to the term penal ' , it appears to me a mere mockery , a downright quibble , an insult to the common sense and feelings of a man , to tell him that it is no penalty to be debarred from the privileges of sitting in this House , and from many other objects of a fair and honourable ambition , winch men of ardent minds , and great abilities , naturally aspire to in every state ; and to which , in every free state , they have , I conceive , aright to aspire , ( whatever denomination of Christians they may belong to ) provided , I mean , that they give to the government under which they live , an adequate security for their conduct as subjects . Having said thus much , I request leave of your lordships to advert , for a few minutes , to two or three topics , which though , in some respects , of a personal nature , are , notwithstanding , very intimately connected with the subject now under consideration . It has been repeatedly and publicly objected to me , and sometimes with a degree of coarseness and asperity entirely unprovoked on my part , that I have inconsiderately and rashly ventured to differ in opinion not only from those with whom I have the honour of silting upon the same bench , but also from the two Universities , and the great body of the established clergy . That I diner from those immediately around me , is certainly true ; and it is equally true , that I do so with sincere regret . No affectation of singularity , no love of contradiction , can induce any man of common sense to dissent willingly from wise and good men of his own profession . There is neither pleasure nor profit attached to such a line of conduct ;