it were infinitely greater than its military advantages . No man could be blind to the advantages of this plan . No man could talk on such a subject as a true Englishman , without feeling as an Irishman ; nor as a true Irishman without feeling as an Englishman . This measure would do away the ignorance under which each nation laboured as to the character of the other . New connections , friendships , and distances would be formed , not confined to one class or degree , but extending generally through both nations . The advantages thus to arise were not to be expected , but were certain . He should feel entirely happy on the subject , were it not that he feared the opposition of a certain class of gentlemen connected with the militia service . No man was more ready to confess the services of this class of gentlemen than he was . When they came , however , to weigh the advantages of the present measure , and to perceive that they were not now called on to make sacrifices equal to those they had formerly made , he hoped they would not oppose what he had now to suggest . If the militia were by this measure to be removed at a greater distance from home than usual , this , he admitted , would be subject deserving of consideration . The fact was , however , that in many cases in England , and almost universally in Scotland , they were sent to a greater distance from home at present than if they were sent to Ireland.—He did not wish that the English militia should be sent to Ireland , and the Irish to England , for an indefinite period . The plan he proposed was , that not more than one-third of either militia should be sent from one country to the other at one time . That the English militia should not continue in Ireland more than two years , 132 nor the Irish in England more than three years at one time ; that they should not afterwards be sent but in rotation ; and that in no event should either be sent to the other country , but by an order from his Majesty . He also proposed that they should have the power of volunteering , and that the Commanders should inform each regiment that their services were purely voluntary . This was the outline of his Bill ; and the effect of it would be , that supposing the measure immediately to have operation , in the course of eight years the whole of the English militia will have served in Ireland . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to the above effect . asked , whether the Roman Catholic officer and soldier were to be allowed the free exercise of their religion when in England ? This ought to be attended to . If the ministers thought the Irish militia would be so useful in defending the country , they ought to adopt the measures which would remove all impediments to such a desirable object . They ought to put an end to all religious distinctions , and then they would have the whole army disposable for those speculations and objects which the Secretary of State had mentioned . not mean to object to the bringing in of the bill , though he saw some difficulties that must attend the adoption of the measure . It ought to have been carried into effect at the time of the Union , or shortly after , when there was an interval of peace . The officers , who might be averse to this plan , might then have retired , without being subject to any reflection upon their conduct . At present , many of them might , by the operation of this bill , be put to very great inconvenience . As a proof that there might be some objection to it , he reminded the right hon . secretary that such a measure had been in contemplation 1804 ,