of advances , or purchases of exchequer bills in the market ? I disagree with those who profess themselves unsatisfied , unless the Bank possesses a guinea in its hoards , for every note that is put into circulation . Such is not the principle on which paper currency in these islands has been established . But I may be allowed to ask , is the Bank of England actually solvent , except in as far as government shall discharge its obligations ? I voted for a committee to enquire into the affairs of the Bank , in order to ascertain what proportion its other assets bore to its demands on government . The deputy governor of the Bank of England has since enumerated demands of this description to the extent of nineteen millions , to which is to be added 800,000l . advanced to the East India company , on the security of 1,200,000 three per cents . and the whole amount of Exchequer bills purchased by the Bank , in the market , making no less than 26,000,000 . Under such circumstances , the Bank is little else than a machine of government , and can not control its own progress . Who now denies that the stoppage of cash payments was the result of measures which the 1048 Bank was compelled to adopt by Mr. Pitt ? At that time the Bank direction was composed of persons , ( Mr. Winthrop and others , ) brought up in the sober school of mercantile economy ; they entertained no wild notions of extending trade , or carrying on war , by paper credit ; and , foreseeing the dangerous consequences of the propositions to which they were urged , they forcibly and solemnly protested against them . Did their opposition pre vail ? did not the importunity and influence of government compel them to yield assent to measures which ended in stop-page ? If such was the influence of government at that period , who shall entertain a hope that the directors can now refuse to accede to the requests of government , now that government protects the Bank against its own creditors , with a degree of zeal proportioned to the pecuniary accommodations it has itself received ? Let us only consider what occurred last year after the examination of the Bullion Committee , after it became the deliberate opinion of all candid and impartial men , that it was expedient to try the effect of a decreased issue with a view to remedy the exchanges . It is impossible to suppose that the Bank directors were not willing to have made the experiment , and the opportunity was afforded them . After having exercised the utmost liberality in supporting commercial credit , the demand for discount fell greatly short of its usual extent , and a diminution of the circulation might have taken place without affecting the commerce of the country , which had been urged as the great motive for sustaining it on so enlarged a scale . But did the directors of the Bank find themselves at liberty to make this salutary experiment , by diminishing their circulation in the same proportion as the demands for commercial discounts had diminished ? was not the influence of government exercised to induce the Bank to make advances to Mr. Goldsmid and others , and to purchase Exchequer bills in the market , to such an extent , as involved an increase of Bank notes to the amount of twenty three millions , being three millions more , than in the former year , when the issue had been deemed excessive ? In this , I blame neither the government , nor the Bank ; great mischief might have followed , if they had not done so ; public securities might have fallen very considerably ; and if they had fallen , the revenuer 1049 would have been paid in Exchequer bills , and the resources of government have entirely failed . I state it , only to shew the impossibility of the Bank diminishing its issues in the present state of things ; to prove ,