gaoler 's green-house . He concluded by expressing his belief that the gaoler was not a man disposed to treat his prisoners cruelly , and that the magistrates were a most respectable body of men . said , that nothing had fallen from the hon . gentleman to alter at all in his mind the material points of this most extraordinary case . He was not disposed to question the title of the magistrates in general of the county of Lincoln , to the character given of them by the hon . gentleman ; but of this he was clear , that if they , or any of them , held with Mr. Finnerty such a conversation as he charged them with having held , they were no longer fit to hold their offices as magistrates—and if the conduct of the gaoler was such as had been represented , he thought that that person should no longer be suffered to abuse a trust of which he must in such case have proved himself so unworthy . What ! was it to be endured that a gaoler should turn the sufferings of his unfortunate prisoners into a source of emolument ? Mr. Finnerty was suffering the sentence of the law—but was he therefore removed out of the protection of the law ? Was this gaoler to be allowed to play the part of his brother in the Beggar 's Opera , who had his fetters of all prices , and was loading captain Macheath with an enormous pair , until the captain bribed him to afford him a lighter ? He trusted the House would interfere to prevent such unconstitutional oppression . said that the most serious part of the charge against the gaoler , that of his having aggravated the sentence of the court , which was mere deprivation of liberty , into the infinitely more grievous punishment of solitary confinement—that part of the charge had not been touched upon by the hon . gentleman . This was , perhaps , the most important part of the question , whether a gaoler being entrusted with the charge of two defendants , both sentenced for the same offence to the same term of imprisonment , could , at the suggestion of his own caprice , or for purposes of his own emolument , make those punishments essentially different which the court 743 of King 's Bench had originally intended to be substantially the same . Solitary confinement was not so much different from , as opposite to , mere ordinary imprisonment , where a man had free access to his friends , and every accommodation he would have in his own house , with the exception of the restraint upon his liberty . As to the noisome smell in Mr. Finnertys apartment , he had been among the first to vouch for the truth of that fact ; at least as far as he could vouch for the truth of any fact which he had not known from personal observation . An hon . and learned friend of his who had been in the ceil assured him that the common sewer passing under the flooring of the cell emitted a most loathsome smell . Were there , how-ever , no other facts than those respecting the gaoler 's conduct in changing Mr. Finnerty 's sentence into solitary confinement , and that other also respecting the conversation held by the magistrates with Mr. Finnerty—were there no other than those two , he fully concurred with his learned and hon . friend ( sir S. Romilly ) in thinking that both or either in themselves , not with standing the late period of the session , furnished ample grounds for grave parliamentary inquiry . replied , that the coercions sabsequently imposed upon Mr. Finnerty might have been found necessary in consequence of his attempts to seduce the under officer of the prison from his duty . So far from his confinement having been solitary , he was allowed a servant , who was in constant attendance on him . said , be should be extremely sorry that a question of such great public