respect of the duty on dividends in the various funds of Great Britain , and on the dividends of the East India and South Sea companies , under the Property Tax , from the quarter ending in October 1809 to the quarter ending in January 1811 , be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means . '' opposed the motion , not so much because the abolition of the exemption would be impolitic , as because it would be inconsistent with good faith . An act of parliament distinctly stated , that persons who lent money to the public should never have that money taxed . In conformity to this pledge , when the Property Tax was first imposed , it was not deducted from the dividends : but it was afterwards found convenient to lake it at the period of paying the dividends , rather than at any other time , and , in his opinion , with great propriety . But a foreigner who had property in the British funds stood in a very different situation . He was not taxable . If parliament taxed him , they must tax him as the holder of stock , which they were pledged not to tax at all . did not think , if the Property Tax were a new measure , that it would be any breach of faith to tax the Funded Property of foreigners ; but the question was , whether , having granted the exemption in the first instance , and having confirmed that grant after various discussions , it would be honourable for parliament to take advantage of that property which they were not sure would now be in the funds , but for the security from duty to which the holders of it conceived the British parliament was pledged . If the exemption were with-drawn , the period of withdrawing it must be fixed for a distant day . The state of the world and a variety of circumstances combined to render it necessary for the House to be very circumspect in such a proceeding . It was the great object of the enemy to embarrass our finances . Thus attacked , it was due to the British character to show that this country would not resort to any mean shifts—that it would 205 not , for the paltry advantage of gaining 50 or 60,000l . violate its faith , by doing that which all preceding governments and parliaments , since the origin of the measure , had refused to do . It was not probable , that any great fraud could be practised on this subject , the amount of stock held in the name of foreigners being nearly the same as formerly . But even such a consideration would be trifling , compared with the honour of the country , which was deeply implicated in the transaction , and which , he trusted , parliament would preserve unblemished . contended that ministers ought to have some regard for what might be the feelings of the English , as well as for what might be the sentiments of foreigners . Our former forbearance was no reason why the exemption should be continued . We had granted them the indulgence a long while , and now the circumstances of the times rendered it necessary that it should cease . He thought we might call upon them without being guilty of any breach of faith . The parties themselves would , he thought , be the last to complain of such a measure ; and he would ask if it was not due to the people of this country , to name some period , however distant , at which this distinction should be done away ? was surprised that any gentlemen who knew the laws of the country , as the hon . baronet did , could think such an alteration as that proposed , could be made without a breach of the public faith . in reply , contended that foreigners were not lenders of money to the state , but purchasers of property in it . He should like to know