money with the stamp upon it . The stamp was what made it the lawful coin , not to be melted nor transported , and not the weight and fineness . He did not know what mathematicians he had to deal with , but if Bank notes and gold bore a fixed proportionable ratio to the pound sterling , by law , they were equal to one another ; and to prove this , he need go no farther than the first book of Euclid , where it Was laid down as an axiom , that things equal to the same are equal to one another . As to a compulsory tender , if one tender was gone another must be substituted . , in allusion to the observation , that the noble lord did not know what mathematicians he had to deal with , replied , that he could not conceive a standard without length , breadth or thickness . , in defence of ministers , said that this subject had not been introduced by them . They were at first averse to the Bill , because they saw no necessity for it , but if it was found that there really was an evil to remedy they must remedy it . The noble lord who had given the notice to his tenants , it was said , had been hardly used , and his patriotism and great merits had been extolled ; but when it was found that patriotism and private interest were so closely linked together , ministers naturally began think that there might possibly be a great many patriots ; that many might lake up the principle , and while they demanded their rents in specie , or in paper 10 or 20 percent , below par , would hate no scruple in paying their debts with this paper at par . When this cry of patriotism was raised , no one could say how far it might lead ; no one could tell how far those who partook of the noble lord 's sentiments might be disposed to follow his example . As the noble lord had not given this notice till near the prorogation , it became ministers to consider what effect such patriotism might have during the recess—it became them , as far as they could , to prevent the oppression of tenants by such patriotic landlords.—The noble earl then proceeded to argue against the existence of the depreciation . For every legal purpose Bank notes still retained their relative value to gold . Gold in coin and Bank notes had a relative value fixed by low , and this could not be altered without violating the law , by melting and exporting the coin . The melting and exporting of coin was illegal , and therefore by law and for every legal purpose , there was no depreciation . The noble lord on the other side had said , that the dearness of all commodities was a proof of depreciation ; but the rise in price , he maintained , might be accounted for on the ordinary principle of supply and demand . Colonial produce , and goods the produce of this country , which could not find their way to a foreign country , were cheap , while timber and other things , which from the present state of the continent could not be easily procured , were dear . Timber and cotton had risen 30 or 40 percent , according to the state of the demand , a thing not to be accounted for from this magic operation of a depreciated paper . But the cause of this depreciation , they said , was the excess of the circulation . He denied that there was any such excess . 841 He presumed the Bank was allowed as solvent , and if it was , how could a few millions more or less make any difference , considering the immense quantity of business done in this country ? The whole amount of the Bank of England notes was only 23,000,000 . Now 5,000,000 per day passed through one house , in