family , the law of the land , and his own rights . The noble earl had said , that the last administration was equally accountable with the present for the continuance of the Bank restriction . But that administration , it was to be recollected , lasted only about a year , three months of which were employed in a negotiation for peace ; and had it been attained , the Bank restriction would have ceased of itself . He would now shortly advert to the speech of his noble friend the mover of the present Bill . He never listened to the speeches of his noble friend without information and instruction ; and , however much he admired the ingenuity which he had displayed on the present occasion , 816 and gave credit to his honourable intentions , yet he felt convinced that his noble , friend was recommending a series of , measures which would involve the country in the greatest calamities . A noble lord high in office ( lord Liverpool ) seemed on a former night to approve of this Bill as a , remedy ; adding , however , that the evil was not so great as to require it at present , though it might do so in time . Now , he , on the contrary , would maintain the very converse of these two propositions , namely , that the evil did exist to a very great degree , but that this measure ought neither now nor at any future period to be the remedy . Mr. Burke , when speaking of the assignats , had justly observed , that it was the very essence of Bank-notes to be founded on credit , and that the great distinction of the Bank of England notes was , '' that they were powerful upon change , because incompetent in Westminster-hall . '' The instant the Bank note was supported by the hand of power , and not by credit , then its value would , rapidly sink away . Where was the justice of coming with the arm of authority , and saying , '' take this-note for a guinea , '' when it was known that the guinea was worth 27 shillings ? But his noble friend had said , there was no remedy left—it was Hobson 's choice—you must take it because nothing else was to be got ; though he would not have it made a legal tender . This reminded him , of the story of a gentleman who was fond of deep potations at his table , and who used to say to his guests , '' I press no man , to drink more than he chooses , but still I , make it a rule , that every one who stays-should be expected to drink . '' Of course , those not inclined to drink deep soon rose to fake their departure , upon which he , used to ask his servant , in their hearing , whether he had let loose the great dog to walk about the passages ; so that either way he had them . And thus , the Bill did not make Bank-notes a legal tender , but it would so operate that we should soon not be able to get any thing else . It was a legal tender in disguise , and would banish all money from circulation , while it necessarily increased the issues of paper . His noble friend had again quoted the saying of Sir G. Saville , of its being possible to make any thing the measure of value . He agreed to it so far , but then it must be that which the people at large agreed to take as a measure , and not what the government chose to force upon them . Value must consist either in opinion , or in 817 intrinsic use . And here he would call to I the recollection of the House , what Mr. Burke , in his Letter to a Member of the National Assembly , had said on the subject of the assignats