been most wise and salutary . said , he had a Petition in his hand from a person confined in the Castle of Lincoln , complaining of the treatment he there met with , as not warranted by the judgment of the court which had sent him there . It was from a gentleman pretty well known to that House , 724 Mr. Finnerty , who had been found guilty of a libel . He had read the Petition through , and as he perceived nothing improper in it , and as it was accompanied by certificates of ill health , and the opinions of his medical advisers that a less rigorous mode of confinement was essential to his recovery , he could feel no hesitation in presenting it . He had in the first instance recommended to Mr. Finnerty to petition the Prince Regent , through the . Secretary of State for the home department . He had accordingly done so , and the right hon . gent . had written to the high sheriff of the county to procure information ; but within these few hour no answer had been received . Under these circumstances he had approved of submitting the Petition to the House , and it was precisely the same as that intended to be laid before the Prince . The Petition was then brought up , and read , as follows : To the Hon . the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled , the Petition of Peter . Finnerty sheweth— `` That in consequence of a letter published in the Morning Chronicle , complaining of grievous injury sustained by Petitioner and by his countrymen in Ireland , Petitioner was indicted for a libel at the prosecution of lord viscount Castle reagh . That upon receiving notice of trial for the said libel , Petitioner found that the witnesses most material to his defence were absent from England , and therefore he had a motion made in the court of King 's bench , for the postponement of the said trial , which motion was rejected ; contrary , as he understands , to the usual practice of that court . Petitioner being unable to establish any defence in the absence of his witnesses , thought it expedient to let judgment go by default , without , however , any consciousness of guilt , being , as he offered , when brought up for judgment , ready to prove by the most irrefragable testimony , the truth of his allegations ; particularly with respect to the infliction of torture in Ireland in the months of May and June , 1798 . That Petitioner was , notwithstanding , sentenced to 18 months imprisonment in Lincoln Castle , where he has experienced , and continues to experience , a degree of rigour unprecedented in modern times—unauthorised by the terms of hi '' sentence—and in direct hostility to the 725 mild and merciful character of the British constitution . `` That upon the night of his arrival at this castle in the month of February , petitioner , although evidently in a bad state of health , was committed to a felons ' apartment , where he is still compelled to remain . That finding his appeal to the jailor 's consideration quite ineffectual , petitioner had a remonstrance presented to the visiting magistrates of the prison , of which the following is an abstract : `` ' I am confined upon a ground floor , in a cold gloomy apartment , the door of which is nearly opposite to my bed , and opens into a yard about twenty-five feet square , enclosed by a wall about thirty feet high—so high , indeed , as to exclude the free current of air . In the centre of this yard is a grate , from whence issues the most offensive smell , owing , as I understand , to the common-sewer of the debtor 's prison , which runs underneath , and which smell annoys me even in my cell . By this smell I am prevented taking any exercise in that