By our own Resolutions it appeared that we had completely failed . Before the end of the session he would move for the recent correspondence between the British and American governments , and till that period he would delay entering upon the subject . If any thing could rouse the public attention , it would be the permanently injurious effects on the revenue of this country , which the perseverance in commercial hostility of Great Britain and America towards each other , must necessarily produce . He thought that , on consideration , the right hon . gent . would see the propriety of waiting till the hon . member for Lancashire had received the instructions of his constituents on the subject . repeated that the new duty was not such as could possibly operate injuriously on the manufacturer . If the whole duty on the raw materials were taken off , he was persuaded that not an additional yard of our manufacture would be imported into any part of the world . He had no objection , however , to postpone the Committee on the Bill until tomorrow . pressed the necessity of giving time for consideration . represented the childishness of any delay which would be insufficient for the attainment of the wished for object . The right hon . gent. , after speaking in such high terms , the other day , of the trade and revenues of the country , now confessed that America and the ports of the continent were so hermetically sealed against our trade , that even were all the duties taken off cotton wool , not a yard more would be sold than at present . Things could not continue long thus . Some convulsion must soon happen , whether triumphant to this country or to the enemy he would not anticipate ; but if all the ports of the continent were open to British manufactures , still it would be found that , owing to our injudicious measures , America was able to supply herself . contended that he had given sufficient notice of the introduction of this measure . America had over and over again imposed duties on British manufactures . This country had shown great forbearance in that respect ; and the present 278 measure was for the purpose of encouraging our own shipping . After a few words from Mr. Baring , the Committee on the Bill was postponed to Friday , and the Bill was ordered to be printed . presented a Petition from the Royal Canal Company of Ireland , praying for relief from their embarrassments , in any manner which the House pleased to adopt . inquired whether the Petition , being an application for pecuniary relief , came recommended in the usual manner ? signified the assent of his royal highness the Prince Regent . expressed his determination to oppose the prayer of the Petition , on account of the conduct of the company , who had squandered their money unnecessarily . observed , he merely would move that the Petition should lie on the table , without pledgnig himself as to his future conduct . slated , that documents would be presented to the House , which would afford every information on the subject , particularly the Report of the Commissioners of Inland Navigation in Ire land , to whom the inspection of the affair '' of the company had been referred . The Petition was then read , setting forth : `` That in the 29th year of his present Majesty 's reign , several noblemen and gentlemen of distinction in Ireland , anxious for the improvement of their country , proposed to become undertakers of , and to subscribe large sums of money for completing a navigable canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury , on the river Shannon , a distance of about 70 miles ; and that , from the plans , levels , and estimates , made at their desire by the persons then generally reputed most skilful in such matters , they were induced to believe that their said scheme might be carried into execution for a sum of