, who may have large payments to make , from making , in any such case , any legal tender to the amount of the sum of money so due and payable , and in discharge thereof ; and that the same is a grievance of such an immense magnitude , that it requires a wise , speedy , radical , and efficacious remedy , which shall completely prevent the possibility of this nation being ever again deprived of its proper internal circulating medium either from the circumstances of the balance of payments , in respect to foreign countries , being at any time against us , which must ever of necessity tend to cause our gold to be exported , in order to adjust such balance , or from the circumstance of any temporary alarm which may always cause our gold to be hoarded ; or from any other circumstance or combination of circumstances ; and that parliament should take into its most serious consideration this important subject , and should adopt such measures as shall effectually prevent the return of so intolerable an evil . 9 . `` That it would be an act of the most manifest injustice , and an act likewise highly impolitic and rash , if parliament were to make , by law , either bank notes or any other paper circulating medium , a general legal tender , on . account of this 912 obvious circumstance , viz . that the person to whom such a tender may be made , may not be certain that such note or other paper circulating medium , is not forged . 10 . `` That for the various weighty reasons aforesaid , it is highly expedient , that a permanent mode of making payments be established , by means of which mode , legal tenders , even to the largest amount , may be made , without gold , as gold ought never again to be relied upon for that legal and necessary purpose , on account of the impossibility of procuring gold at all times in sufficient quantity ; and by means of which same mode , legal lenders for fractional sums may be made , without either silver or copper , and by means of which same mode also , legal tenders may be made in all countries , without tendering in payment either Bank notes , or any other kind of circulating paper whatever . 11 . `` That , in order to satisfy the public respecting the solvency of the Bank of England , and to prevent all future apprehensions upon that important subject , it is expedient , that the governor and company of the Bank of England be by law-compelled to lay before both Houses of Parliament in the first week of every session of Parliament , a full , clear , luminous , and satisfactory account of the state of their affairs , and that a maximum be always fixed by law with respect to the number and value of the notes , which may be issued by the said governor and company , and which may at any one time be out in circulation . 12 . `` That it is expedient , that the Bank of England shall establish various branches throughout the whole country , and in many parts of the metropolis , and shall cause books to be opened in each of those places ; and that persons possessed of Bank notes shall be entitled , upon depositing such notes , to have a credit in the Bank book at the place where such deposit is made , equal to the value in pounds sterling , which is specified in such notes to be payable to the bearer on demand ; and that every person , having such credit so entered to his account in any one place as aforesaid , shall be entitled to transfer the whole of such sum so accredited , or any part thereof , either to his own account or to that of any other person at any place where any such book is opened . 13 . `` That