justifiable . said , that this appear-ed to him to be a case of the very last importance ; there was one material fact which had not been at all explained by his right hon . friend the Secretary for the Home Department . When this person was sent to the castle of Lincoln , there to be confined pursuant to his sentence ; the gaoler locked him up in a solitary cell appropriated to felons—upon what authority did the gaoler venture to do this ? the prisoner was not sentenced to solitary imprisonment—a punishment concerning which , however , he believed , there were no small doubts , as to whether there were any sanction of it to be found in the laws of England—but be that as it might , if there was such a distinction , was the imposing of it to be left in the hands of a gaoler ? This would be a power beyond any thing exercised by the King 's bench . That court sentenced one man to twelve months imprisonment—another to eighteen—another to two years—but what was the difference of a few months more or less confinements compared with that of solitary confinement , in a felon 's cell , shut out from every intercourse , and even the means of earning subsistence wiihheld ; and was this fearful discretion to be left to the whim of a gaoler ? This was not the case of a private individual ; it was the case of the public ; this was putting into the hands of every gaoler the severest punishment that could be inflicted on a British subject short of death . Another consideration was that the punishment of the rich man would be essentially different from that of the poor man , though confined for the same offence , and under the very same sentence : from gaolers it might not be so wonderful ; but what were they to say to magistrates who could have the face to tell this wretched man , that for three guineas a week more he could he accommodated 735 with a better apartment ? What ! was this language for magistrates , who officially stood between the prisoner and oppression , to make use of in answer to an application for redress ? This was a circumstance which could not rest there ; it was certainly very late in the session , but late as it was , he thought that this fact and others , particularly the power so shamefully usurped by the gaoler , ought to be made the ground of a parliamentary enquiry . declared that his hon . and learned friend had said every thing he meant to have said upon the subject . If the gaoler could put a man in solitary confinement , how was that man to get redress ? He gave , perhaps , a letter to the turnkey to put in the post-office , and he threw it behind the fire—how then was it to be known ? The man might die , and the gaoler might report him as having died in a fit , and bring in all his turnkeys to swear to it . He wished to know , who was answerable for all this ? which of the five parties already mentioned in the course of the debate had the responsibility ? was it the Secretary for the home department , the court of King 's bench , the magistrates , the sheriff , or the gaoler ? admitted that the conversation alleged to have been held with the prisoner by the magistrates was , on their part , very reprehensible , but there could be no doubt , that even in saying what they did , their motive could not hare been of any base or unworthy description . in explanation , stated , that the one hour 's air and exercise had been at first enlarged to three hours at different times , one hour each time , and that on certain gross and indecent improprieties having been committed by the prisoner , that time had not been lessened