and paper , when one currency has been 10 , 15 , and even 20 percent , less in , value than the gold coin . Let the value of the paper currency be restored to the value of the legal gold coins , and payments will again be made in gold and paper indifferently ; let the opposite course be persevered in , and allow the depreciation to become so sensible that gold shall be demanded generally in preference to paper money in satisfaction of old contracts , and in this manner the demand for gold will establish two prices , one for commodities sold for paper , and another for those sold for the gold coins . '' 813 should take place , it would be attended with a general advance of the price of all other commodities ; but he would venture to say that a general rise might take place in the price of commodities without any depreciation of the currency . This might take place from an encreasing trade , and various other causes . But he would ask : was the fact such as had been stated by the noble lord ? Was there a general advance in the price of commodities ? Let the noble lord compare the current prices at present with those in 1808 , and he would find that a large proportion of commodities , and those by no means inconsiderable commodities , had fallen in price . He would find that iron and wood , unfortunately for the noble lord adduced as instances of a rise in price ; tallow , cotton , and a great number of other commodities , had experienced a great fall in them . When there was a depreciation in the currency , there would be a general advance in the price of commodities : but if there was a general advance it did not follow that there was depreciation . He had another observation to make : the measure of 1797 had been adopted by all succeeding administrations , and in particular by the administration to whose measures the noble lord acceded , and which he had supported . But the session of parliament , during which his friends were in administration , passed away , without either repeal or limitation of the restriction act being introduced . He believed there was not even a scrap of paper to shew that that administration had ever turned their thoughts to the subject . No doubt they acted wisely , and it would have been an unwise course to have acted otherwise ; and the present administration had acted also properly in continuing the system . He concurred with the principle of the Bill of the noble earl , but , at the present period of the session , he thought it advisable to avoid making any legislative enactment on the subject . He hoped there would be a general disinclination in the country to follow the conduct of the noble lord ; but if the evil should ever become general , it would be unfit for the House to suffer it to continue . It would be proper for them then to inquire into the instances of oppression which might take place . The noble earl who spoke first had mentioned several cases . Under these circumstances be thought it would be advisable to avoid making any laws on the sub- 814 ject at present , and that this alteration might be effected with more propriety at some future period . was perfectly ready to profess that he was not much acquainted with the doctrines respecting the circulating medium , much less so than many others of their lordships ; but as far as he understood the subject at all , he assented to the doctrines of his noble friend ( lord King ) ; and this , together with the manner in which his noble friend had been attacked , both in and out of doors , made him anxious to deliver his opinion , and to share with his noble friend the obloquy and clamour that had been so loudly raised against