belief that there was in reality no difference between paper and gold ; and on that ground it was argued . On the same ground the continuance of it was proposed . The value of paper was equal to that of gold during no inconsiderable part of the present war , and so it might have continued even to this hour , notwithstanding the suspension , had it not been for the system of devouring waste , which it was the glory of ministers to have produced . To all the other hardships of the war , this was added , that we had ministers who made a boast of their devouring waste and boundless profusion . This was the foundation of the present system ; and when they ask . Where is the remedy ? I reply , one-remedy is to depart from the system ; 858 to revert to a course of measures to which your means are adequate ; to revert to the real policy of the country . After the picture given by the noble and learned lord of the misery to which the subjects of the empire will be exposed from this system , do not waste the resources of the country in a manner unparalleled in the annals of the nation ; do not continue to squander its means at a rate which you have not the smallest hope of keeping up . Without this any plan of relief would only vary the form of the distress . Great as are the resources of the country , a perpetual expenditure of 90 millions can not be supported . The remedy proposed in this Bill is one which I denounce as calculated to aggravate the mischief a hundred fold . The obvious means of relief is this ; consider what measures brought you into this situation , and retrace them step by step . The noble and learned lord asks , is there a man who would dare to propose that the restriction should , in the present circumstances of the country , be removed ? Is he to learn , that when government pursues an erroneous course to a great length , though the pernicious consequences may be clearly seen , yet the subject will not always admit of a sudden and total remedy . The wise plan is to go back , step by step as you advanced ; but the proposal of our present ministers is , since they are wrong , to go on from error to error till the mischief is irretrievable . If ministers disavow the principle of the restriction , much may yet be done ; the first thing is , in their speeches here , to declare , that they do not mean to persevere in this ruinous course of proceeding ; next , that it is their intention to retrace their steps ; and , thirdly , that they intend to examine into the means by which this country may be placed in its former situation . MV own opinion is , that if you set seriously about the proper remedy your progress will be more rapid than is generally imagined . So far am I from being liable to the imputation of having concealed my opinion as to the remedy , that I almost stood alone in advising you to retrace your steps , when it might have been done much more easily than can now be expected . This , then , is my view of the system , and the remedy . The noble and learned lord has given a picture of the distress which a perseverance in the system must occasion , which I am so far from combating , that I am anxious to impress upon your 859 minds that the evil will not be confined to one particular class , but extend to every species of transaction . The question as to the power of distress , the noble and learned lord puts in a most invidious light , and says that the object of the Bill is to relieve the tenant . Now , the question of arrest for