, as to make persons quite positive as to their ultimate result either way . He confessed , however , that even from what they bad already done , if he was not very sanguine , he indulged strong hopes ; they had revived our trade , and almost annihilated that of the enemy . He spoke highly of the merits of the petitioners . gave his testimony also to the temper and patience of the Petitioners . He hoped their good sense would see the impossibility of that House interfering to compel the masters not to lower their prices , and that they would wait with patience till the circumstances of the country would effect ; their relief ; applying themselves in the interim to the other , branches of the trade which could be turned to any account.—The motion then passed in the affirmative . rose to move for public Monuments to the memory of major-general Mackenzie and brigadier-general Lang-worth , who fell at the battle of Talavera . He was extremely concerned , that he was so misconceived on Friday as to be understood to mean sir W. Myers in his notice . Although he 746 was as sensible as any man of the gallantry of sir W. Myers , who fell at the glorious , battle of Albuera , yet the House would see that it was necessary to draw a line somewhere , and that a person must have arrived at a certain military rank before such an honour was paid to his memory . Major-general Mackenzie and brigadier-general Langworth were of that rank , and he took some shame to himself for not having proposed it before . The fact was that when he moved the vote of thanks on the former occasion , it was the first time he had ever made a similar motion , and he did not then know that even the rank of major-general was sufficient to have such a public honour bestowed ; but upon enquiry he found that it was usual . After touching shortly on the merits of general Mackenzie , which were eminently displayed in the command of the advanced guard of Talavera ; and also after bestowing commendations on brigadier-general Langworth , an officer in the German Legion , he concluded by moving `` That an humble Address be presented to his Royal Highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that Monuments be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of major-general Mackenzie and brigadier-general Langworth , who fell on the 28th day of July 1809 , in the glorious battle at Talavera de la Reyna ; and to assure his Royal Highness that this House will make good the expense attending the same . `` —Agreed to , nem . con . wished to put a question to some hon . members , whom he then saw in their places . He read from a newspaper , the proceedings of the Missionary Society , at a public dinner . To those resolutions were signed the names of Mr. Wilberforce , Mr. Babington , Mr. Grant , and Mr. H. Thornton . The part to which his attention was particularly directed , was that Resolution by which 250l . was to be given , to pay persons for reading the Scriptures in the market places of the populous cities in Asia . He wished to know , whether those gentlemen avowed such a resolution . spoke to order . said , that it was certainly quite new in the proceedings of parliament , for members to be questioned in that House about what passed at tavern dinners . said , that this paper would go to India , and might do a great deal of mischief there . It appeared to him a matter of such public importance , that he must , in some way or other , bring it before parliament . rose in pursuance of the motion of which he had given notice . He thought it was most evident , that the Property-tax , as it