royal highness the duke of York , they were left no choice ; and it was worthy of remark , that in the whole progress of those painful debates upon the inquiry , no gentleman hesitated to acknowledge the skill , industry , and talents evinced by his royal highness , in consulting the good of the army in general , in advancing the military character , promoting its discipline , and bettering the condition of the private soldier . Considering those services ; and comparing them with the claims of others , his Majesty 's ministers were bound , by every sense of public duty , to give the preference of recommendation to him only who best deserved it . Neither did it appear to them to be the least among the many leading qualifications of his royal highness , that there was in the army no indisposition to be placed under his command ( Hear , hear ! ) . He did not say that such a qualification was indispensible ; 479 he did not say that the opinion of the army upon such an appointment ought to be allowed to interfere at all in some eases , or in any materially , but this he did say , that the wishes of the army were not in this case an objection . And indeed , though he did not urge it by way of argument , yet he could not help thinking , that if ever there was a period at which the feelings of the army deserved to be anticipated by the wishes of their grateful country , that period was the present . This , however , he did not assign as a reason , but mentioned rather as a circumstance favourable to the reasons he had assigned.—But the noble lord argued as if the selection of H. R. H. was not open to his Majesty 's ministers ; as if they could not constitutionally recommend him to that appointment . What was the Resolution upon which the noble lord laid so much stress ? Was it meant to be eternal in its operation ? Was it meant to exclude the duke of York for ever ? If not for ever , then what was the period of time during which it became criminal in his Majesty 's ministers to advise his restoration ? Let the House see what were the Resolutions . The first distinctly acquitted his royal highness of all species of corruption . After that acquittal , he solicited his Majesty to accept his resignation . Here the noble lord presumed what he could not prove : he contended that the resignation of his royal highness was the result of the opinion of that House . The noble lord had no means of knowing that opinion . There were , indeed , various opinions among the members of that House , of whom some might have thought that his royal highness ought to resign , and many others certainly did think that such resignation was by no means called for . The noble lord had alluded to the Amendment proposed by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) , as a motion which would have been carried , and which , if carried , must have had the effect of removing the duke of York . Did the noble lord mean to say that ( hat removal was the object of the mover of that Amendment ? If he did , he apprehended he was in error , for if his memory served him , he recollected his right hon . friend stating , in the speech with which he prefaced that Amendment , that it was not his wish or object to remove his royal highness [ here Mr. Bathurst signified his assent ] . He was right , then in point of fact , as to the intention of the mover of that Amendment , and could 480 not be wrong in inferring from that fact , that it was more probable that that Amendment would not have displaced the duke of York ; so that the noble