. History , both sacred and profane , shewed the importance that had been always attached to the priesthood , which had never been assumed but conferred He was not so read in the sacred 241 writings as he ought to be , and he could touch on them only with great deference . But he had read , `` Lay hands suddenly on no man ; '' and also , that persons chosen for such situations should be '' of good report . '' He could not think of the argument taken from the low condition of those , who , in earlier days , received their divine missions , as applicable to the present times , and as giving anthority to the persons he had alluded to , to lay their claims to divine influence , without any attestations of their character and qualifications . The early ages of the church shewed that purity of character was held indispensible to him who attempted to enter into the solemn offices of the priesthood.—The noble viscount next adverted to the abuses which had existed . He stated a case before the magistrates of Stafford , where a man who could not read or write applied for a certificate . One of the magistrates inquired if he could sign his name , his reply was , he did not come there to write . The magistrate told him if he would read the act he would find what was required , and he asked him to read aloud . To this the applicant answered he did not come there to read . He was then interrogated if he could write ? his reply was , No ; he was not ashamed to own it . Could he read ? —No . The magistrate observed how improper it was for him to claim this certificate , who could not read the Bible , the doctrines of which he was about to preach without being able to read the original . To this the other , with an unblushing countenance , remarked , that the magistrate knew nothing of inspiration . It was thus that such a man claimed and procured a certificate , by which he freed himself from every civil burden . Another case he detailed from a letter , wherein an account was given of a practice among a class of independents , in the metropolis , who delivered a sermon full of the grossest blasphemy , whereby the principles of atheism and deism were disseminated among the people . In neither of these instances was it his wish that the Bill should debar them from becoming preachers , but it only required they should have the sanction of persons of their own persuasion . In the whole of this proceeding he had done nothing which he would not have done if he had been a dissenter . If there were any objectionable clauses as they now stood , they could easily be amended in the Committee , and it was 242 his wish and desire their lordships would permit him to proceed to a Committee , and then they might see in what state the Bill would come before them for a third reading . With respect to the Resolutions which he had seen in the public papers , they were totally opposite to every part of the Bill now on their lordships ' table . There was one Resolution which imputed a design against the Toleration Act ; and he would not say one word with respect to the charity from whence this Resolution arose . However he perceived there was a disposition against the Bill , and probably it would not pass ; but having stated hi '' sentiments on the occasion , he would leave it entirely in their lordships ' hands , and they might dispose of it as to their judgment seemed most proper . If any motion were made from others , he should throw no obstacle in its way . He should satisfy himself in the conscientious discharge of his duty ; because he had throughout been actuated by a wish to