by making Banknotes a legal tender ; another because it avoided the legal tender . He really thought that ministers had acted very precipitately in this instance , and that there was a great deal of party feeling in the measure . ( Mr. Perceval smiled . ) The right hon . gentleman laughed at that . Now he had condemned the conduct of lord King , and said that it was because the noble lord had been supported by a great many others , that he brought forward this measure . If , then , his principal motive was not to have an opportunity of inveighing against lord King—and those who had supported him , he wished the right hon . gentleman to explain how far this Bill would operate to prevent the evil ; to prevent the hardship on the debtor , when the only effect would be to take out of the hands of the creditor that remedy only , which , of all others , he was least likely to employ . having been alluded to by the hon . and learned gentleman , begged to state what was the purport of his opinion , namely , that the House was called on to see that effectual protection was provided both for the person and the property of tenants . He had declared it to be his opinion , that it was better in such a case to rely on a moral than a legal sense of duty ; that had been found an effectual protection for 14 years , and lord King , for reasons best known to himself , and into the propriety or grounds of which he had no right to inquire , had been the first to make an infraction on this moral law . This had imposed on the House the painful duty it was now in the course of discharging ; and he only hoped that the remedy adopted would be effectual . rose amidst a strong cry of 1103 Question , question . Considering the rank and station in his profession of his hon . and learned friend who had just spoke on that side of the House , he expected to have heard his arguments at least attempted to be met by the legal gentleman on the other side , who was also at the head of his profession . There must be some mistake , he WAS convinced , and that hon . and learned gent , could not be aware of the call of the House on him , to rise and answer his hon . and learned friend ( Question , question ! ) . Since the Attorney General would not speak , that was no reason why he ( Mr. Tierney ) should not be allowed to speak . If any hon . gent . who was unwilling to hear him had an engagement out of doors , he had better attend it , because , if he did remain , he should hear him . He had intended to take an enlarged view of the present measure , but at the advanced hour of the night , and in the present humour of the House , he did not think it necessary to persevere in that resolution . He did not know , that being the case , whether he should have spoken at all , had it not been for the extraordinary speech of his right hon . friend near him , ( Mr. Sheridan ) who had taken a different view of this subject from what he had formerly-been accustomed to hold . His right hon . friend surely had not looked at the bill at all . The only part of the measure of which he seemed to talk with approbation was the clause to prevent distress against tenants , and that was not a provision which was originally in the Bill . Lord King 's letter to his tenants , and the opposition to the bill by noble persons in another House , with whom his right hon . friend was accustomed to think on most public topics ,