man the facility of possessing coin whenever he prefers it to bank paper . I admit the present is the first instance in the history of the world of such a system being realized ; and I know of no other country in which it could have been attempted with any prospect of success ; but happily the principles of private and public integrity are so deeply rooted in all our money transactions , and the discretion with which the Bank conducts its affairs , and its unparalleled wealth , are both so universally known and confided in , as to render inferences drawn from other countries inapplicable to this . I must therefore protest against an assumption of impracticability drawn from such premises . The experience of fourteen years is a tolerably decisive proof the other way ; and I think it is quite impossible to point out , in our present situation , any thing which indicates that the credit of the country , administered upon this system , is not , at this day , as high at home and abroad , and as effective , to all the purposes of national industry , and of national exertion , as it was at any former period ; and I would counsel those , who are disposed to set limits to the operations of credit , to reflect , that many of the principles upon which they argue against the existing system , might prove as fatal to a mixed circulation , as to the one which now , as a temporary expedient , prevails ; both exist only by public confidence : and it is a question only of degree , how long either shall survive such doctrines of distrust , if unhappily they could be implanted in the public mind . But it is denied that this system does answer the same end , even for purposes of internal circulation , as our mixed currency did ; and it is said , look at the situation of annuitants and persons with fixed incomes 969 of all descriptions , how reduced relatively in situation ! What my lord King says is , put me back into the situation I stood in before the restriction act passed in 1797 , and let me have a currency , which will produce to me , what that for which I bargained then did . Now let us separate this question into the two propositions of which it consists . I can not undertake to relieve lord King , nor is it just be should be relieved from the mortgage on his property , which has taken place since 1797 , the result of fourteen years of progressive taxation . The taxes have been nearly trebled in amount during that period . These taxes were intended to attach both directly and indirectly upon fixed incomes ; and it is obvious , supposing even the currency had remained unchanged , that the power of purchasing with a certain amount of income must be very dissimilar at the present day . If then much of this alleged grievance arises from increased taxation , and other increased charges affecting the price of commodities , better proofs must he furnished to me , than any I have yet heard , before I can allow that any part of the evil can be fairly charged upon the particular species of currency in use at the present moment . That fixed incomes are deteriorated in value since the year 1797 , is admitted ; but what remains to be proved is , that a fixed income would have gone further at this day , if the necessity for the restriction act had never occurred , and if the Bank had continued uninterruptedly to pay their notes on demand in cash . As throwing some light on this question , we know distinctly that internal prices have not been sensibly advanced since the beginning of I 809 , when the present excessive rise upon gold , and fall of the foreign exchanges , took place ; and antecedent to which appearances , it could not be alleged that