Bank-notes were in any sense depreciated . We have then conclusive evidence , that fixed incomes suffered to the extent they are now impaired , when Bank-notes and bullion were at par with each other , and that they have not been further affected since Bank-notes have ceased to bear their accustomed relation with the precious metals . We further know , that in France , where coin alone circulates ( with the exception of the small quantity of notes issued by the Bank at Paris ) , a corresponding rise in the price of commodities has taken place , very probably from the same cause , the pressure of taxation , which is very heavy in France at 970 the present moment . The French government , in an official document , viz . the speech of Mr. Daru , `` Intendant de I'Empereur , '' in January 1810 , when proposing to the legislative body to annex certain national domains to the crown , stated , that the real value of money had fallen since the year 1791 , in France , to such a degree , that the same income did not then represent more than two thirds of what it had been worth at the period referred to . This is further corroborated by a report of the Agricultural Society at Paris in 1805 . Where then is the proof , that the deterioration of fixed incomes is a hardship peculiar to Great Britain , or to the particular nature of our currency ? Annuitants and all possessors of fixed incomes may repine , when they compare their lot in society with the proprietors of land , and others deriving their subsistence from their industry , who can indemnify themselves by an advance of price upon their land or labour ; but this is no grievance , it is in the nature of things it should be so ; and when capital is invested , the original cost of the land or annuity is regulated accordingly . That the active member of the society should preserve his station better than the inactive , is no hardship . It is open to every man who possesses a fixed income , to be active if he thinks fit . The lot of women and children , dependent on small annuities , may be more severe , so far as it is their misfortune , and not their fault , that they are inactive . Such persons are much to be commiserated ; but this is an evil incident to human society , and establishes nothing against the currency . Upon the whole of this case , I am for the Bill . The only solid argument I hare heard against it is , that it does not go far enough : this is a defect which can be cured in another session , if it should be found necessary ; it goes at least a certain length to counteract an existing danger , which , though circumscribed as yet in its operation , had , I think , assumed a shape and character which would have made it unsafe for parliament to separate without evincing a determination to provide against its extension . Upon the question itself , however strongly my mind is impressed with the injustice of the principle upon which his demand rests , lord King no doubt is influenced by a conviction not less sincere , that the course he has pursued is perfectly defensible ; and under that conviction , as 971 an individual , his lordship is morally justified towards his tenant in what he has done ; but giving his lordship full credit for the purity of his motives , I can not applaud the discretion which , in the midst of war , when no man , whatever his view of the original policy of the Batik restriction act might be , can new see his way to the early resumption of cash payments , has induced his lordship , as a peer of parliament , and a considerable landed proprietor , to hazard a measure , which , if generally