a disease . But under the present circumstances , and now that the Bank restriction had passed , it would be the only effectual remedy , however the necessity of applying a remedy so powerful might be lamented . In the first place , were such a state of things established there would be no difficulty in procuring gold . He did not mean to disturb the repose of any of the Resolutions to which the House had been persuaded to come on the Report of the Bullion Committee ; that subject had been `` set at rest , '' as the right hon . gentleman opposite called it . It a guinea could be exchanged for its real value in paper , namely , 26 or 27s . the consequence would be , that as often as guineas were wanted they would be bad . It would not be necessary that a man should go about with notes in one pocket and guineas in another . For many purposes notes would have the preference to guineas ; but what he intended to say was , that were two prices established , if it were at any time necessary to have guineas , they might be obtained as easily as they had been obtained by De Yonge or Wright or others , who had recently been trafficking , as it was generally supposed illegally , but as it turned out , without any violation of the law . We might procure gold by the same means by which we at present procured wine—aye , the wines of France , where the restrictions on commerce with this ; country were most rigidly enforced . The right hon . gentleman opposite seemed to smile at this , but nothing was more evident . Certainly gold could not be obtained for nothing , nor could it be obtained for bank notes . But he repeated ( for he would not abandon his illustration , notwithstanding the amusing merriment of the right hon . gentleman , ) it might be obtained in the way in which French wines were at present obtained . How was that ? By sending over commodities , and bills of exchange arising out of commercial transactions . The same 930 means would procure gold as well as wine : with this advantage , that the one article could more easily be concealed from the vigilance of the custom-house officer than the other . When to this was added the consideration of the Spanish colonies , to say that gold could not be procured in considerable quantities , if required , was to treat like a child the person to whom the assertion was made . Another advantage which must result from the establishment of two prices would be , that it would prove a constant and unerring test of the depreciation of paper . In this point of view it would be advantageous to all parties . It would be advantageous to the bank directors . It would be advantageous to government . It would be the very pulse by which the true state of the circulation would be estimated . Suppose the pound notes were found to exchange for sixteen shillings , then for fifteen shillings and ten-pence , then for fifteen shillings and eight-pence , and thus to be gradually depreciating , the evil would not be permitted to go very far ; the bank would diminish their issues , and the paper would get up again . When the pound notes rose to nineteen shillings , parliament having certain access to the knowledge of this fact , might repeal the 37th of the king , and enable the bank to pay in specie . He confessed that he should like to see that great corporation in such a situation . They affected to have it believed that the restriction on their payments in cash was compulsory on them , and that they should have enjoyed doing so very much , if the legislature would have permitted them ? They would have it believed that the restraint upon the satisfying the just demands of their creditors was