. At the same time he wished some middle course could be taken which would ameliorate their condition , and satisfy their wishes . thought that no prince had a right to power with respect to a church , unless he had granted temporalities to that church . Mr. Pitt had introduced , it was true , the requisition of a veto ; but he had it in contemplation , when he did so , to give a maintenance to the Catholic clergy . This was no narrow sectarian question . It was the Irish nation which petitioned the 415 House . The Irish nation had been subdued by the English ; at first the distinction was between the two nations ; subsequently , when they were a little blended , it was charged to the people within and without the pale . At length it was Catholic and Protestant that were opposed ; still it was the Englishman or the English settler against the native Irishman , and the latter had never ceased to petition since the reign of Henry 2 , to be restored to the rights which had been wrested from him . A reference to the excellent work of Sir John Davis , would sufficiently establish the facts he had asserted . thought the question was , whether we were to have a Protestant establishment ? He had maturely thought on the subject , and was by no means convinced that we should have a Protestant establishment if the Roman Catholics had what they wanted , it was denied that they practised idolatry ; yet they professed the worshipping of Saints , which was recognised as part of their religion . He detested persecution as much as any man . He liked toleration ; but still he wished to have it toleration , and not to have it right . did not wish in this late stage of the debate to trespass on the patience of the House , but there had been some observations made in the course of it , which he could not let pass without comment . An hon . gentleman had asked , how we could be sure that , if the present demands of the Catholics were granted , they would stop there , or at any thing short of the subversion of the Established Church . The partial demonstrations of hostility on the part of the Catholics , which had excited these apprehensions in the hon . gentleman , or afforded him a pretext for the pressing them , he would find sufficient , and more than sufficient cause for , in the unnatural situation in which the whole Catholic body was placed , and more especially such a part of it as was placed more near the grateful liquid that receded in proportion as the thirst that sought to be slaked by it became more ardent . What , for instance , was the situation of the Catholic barrister ? The possessor of talents , which every day excited the admiration of his fellow citizens , and seemed to qualify him for any employment in the state ? The moment he opened the statute book he would find that all his exertions were insufficient to procure him any of those offices in which , 416 while he served his country , he would reap the more appropriate reward of a high and generous spirit . Would such a check to his fair and laudable ambition be deemed an unreasonable cause for discontent towards the government that imposed , or at least would not remove it ? The condition of the soldier was the same . He was permitted to enter the army , to be as lavish as he pleased of his blood in protecting the interests of the country , but as soon as his valour and his skill had been displayed in such a manner as would prove him qualified for command , then he was to be told that no exercise of such qualities could be of any avail as to his own interests , for the law opposed his further progress in the career