. The power of appointment was undoubtedly not given , nor was this power ever acknowledged to belong to the sovereign pontiff as an avowed part of his spiritual power . It was indeed scarcely now claimed . It had , he acknowledged , been formerly repeatedly claimed with great warmth and vehemence , but the claim had been resisted with equal pertinacity , and with success . To prove this , they need only look at the well-known liberties of the Gallican church , and the decision of the council of Trent , which completely set the question at rest . In that council it was remarkable , that while the Italian bishops , those whose sees were adjacent to the territories of the see of Rome , supported this claim of the sovereign pontiff , the Spanish and Portuguese bishops , who were considered as the most 656 bigotted of the Catholic church , effectually resisted , and by the decision of the majority of that council the question was finally decided . The acknowledgment , therefore , of the supremacy of the sovereign pontiff , or the person who represented the unity of the Catholic church , did not give him the power of appointment . With respect to the Catholic Prelates of Ireland , they had hitherto been appointed upon a principle of election , or rather of selection , and these appointments had for a long series of years been strictly domestic . No body of men had ever acted with more propriety than the Catholic Prelates of Ireland ; and he could ' confidently appeal on this heal to those noble lords who had administered the government of Ireland , and who had always found the assistance and influence of those Prelate is a most valuable resource . He had no doubt , and upon this point , he could not hesitate to give a solemn pledge to the House , that if the Irish Catholic bishops were called upon by a proper au thority for that purpose , they would have no difficulty in proposing an arrangement to obviate any objection to the interposition of a foreign power . They had not , on a late occasion , thought it right to volunteer any proposal for an arrangement of this nature ; but if now , or at a future period , their lordships should happily agree to enter into the consideration of the Catholic Petition , whenever the happy moment should arrive , that the prejudices against the Catholics should give way to the justice of their claims , then the Prelates , when called upon from authority , would be ready to propose an arrangement under which the appointments of the Catholic bishops should be effectually domestic , remaining of course for the spiritual investiture of the supreme head of the Catholic church . Such an arrangement would obviate ail objections , and he was convinced that if the legislature were disposed to concede the claims of the Catholic , there would be found in return , on the part of the Catholic bishops , every disposition in conciliation . His lordship then alluded to the Militia Interchange Bill , in progress in the House , and observed , with regret , that the Catholic soldiers of the Irish militia had been refused an enactment for the free exercise of their religion . He was aware that an order was to be issued by the Commander in Chief for that purpose ; but a similar order bad long existed in Ireland , and yet , 657 notwithstanding that order , a Catholic soldier , in the artillery , had been confined for refusing to attend the service of the Protestant church . Another order was then issued , but it was of little use issuing orders if they were not obeyed . A legislative enactment would have prevented the recurrence of any act of a similar nature . He did not mean to object to the Bill , it was a measure of strength , and he was disposed to support those measures , which gave strength to the government ,