MAXWELL . '' `` On the 2nd day of August , 1811 , the aforegoing attestation was duly sworn at Malta , where stamps are not used : —before me , `` CHA . EDW . FENTON , `` Notary Public . '' Notwithstanding the confession of the judge in open court thus attested , I remained unnoticed three days longer in the public jail , where , I now clearly saw that it was the intention of the judge to detain me until the packet had sailed for England , and probably until she returned to Malta with instructions . I therefore wrote to the governor , who , having consulted Messieurs Moncreiff , Forrest and Bowdler , three gentlemen of the law sent me their opinion , that his excellency should not interfere with a court , acting , as they were pleased to call it , under his Majesty 's authority , although in violation of the law . I addressed the president also , who said , that the courts of Malta could not interpose . Indeed , had it been otherwise , little good could have been , expected from an appeal to these courts , which are still governed by the iniquitous and oppressive Code of Rhoan , to the disgrace of all the ministers who have ruled , since the surrender of the Island to England . Sir , The Maltese stipulated then that a constitution securing property and rights should be granted , and trial by jury , but these have been denied , and examinations are still taken , and sentence pronounced with shut doors , by their judges whose appointments are during pleasure . I do not impute blame to his excellency the governor , for whom I have a high respect , yet I must say that the system of blending the military and civil authority can not fail to become oppressive . Ministers have no better excuse for this union of power contrary to the express stipulation of the inhabitants , of the island than a despicable petition signed by the dependents on government , and shamelessly transmitted ; and received as the voice of the people ! Being furnished with affidavit , that the judge did not intend to proceed in the matter on the next , court day , I resolved , as the door was locked and guarded , to get out by the window , which I accordingly effected ; and the following proclamation was issued for 1025 my apprehension , in which I am designated by as many names as if I had been a notorious thief . —I do not know whether the House expects me to reply to the questions which the noble lord has put to me , perfectly new as one appears to be ; but , as far as my information goes , I will give it , if the House thinks fit that I should do so . ( Hear , hear ! ) With respect to the privileges of the House , I know of no means of enforcing its privileges , but in the usual way , from time immemorial , by its own officers ; and I never knew one instance of any-officer having been sent across the seas at the instance of any member , on a complaint of insult offered to him 1026 personally ( Hear ! hear ! ) So much for the question of privilege . In the next place I never knew ah instance in which any member of parliament , properly before a court of justice , was at liberty to treat with impunity the proceedings of that court , or to say that what was done in respect to himself was done in contempt , or that could authorise him to say that the privileges of parliament were infringed in his person for such conduct . —Sir ; It was at first my intention , to have moved an address to the Prince Regent , to recall the Judge Registrar and Marshal , to answer for their conduct and proceedings , contrary to the ex-press words of