the cash payments of the Bank , was of great service to the proprietors , they should not have been permitted to vote on it ; and the same argument applied to the present case . Bank notes , which , it was said , had suffered an artificial depreciation , would , under the Bill lately introduced , be taken for their nominal value . Of course every stockholder had an interest in the authority of parliament being pledged , as it would be , if the Bill passed . He hoped the House would decide against permitting the votes of the directors to be taken , not from any hostile feeling against the Bank , for , if he could indulge in such a feeling , his utmost wishes , he was convinced , would be fulfilled by enacting the Bill then before them . He was an enemy to monopolies of every description ; and he would leave to the hon . gentleman opposite the monopoly of making personal attacks . But he could not held remarking the feeling which was manifested when the brother of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was mentioned . The noble lord ( King ) when he was censured , was not present to defend himself any more than the other noble person . But there was this distinction between the two cases , that the conduct of low King was in reference to his private concerns , while that of lord Arden , took place before a Committee of the House . Yet , because his hon . friend had taken that name which stood at the top of the paper , a feeling of indignation appeared to be raised . said , it I seemed from the explanation given of the introduction of the noble lord into the discussion , that nothing invidious was meant . He was merely selected as standing first on the list , and not at all as being brother to the person opposed to the hon . gentleman . The noble lord might certainly have been brought forward as a Bank-Proprietor , but why he should be mentioned as a person who had been examined by a Committee of that House , he was at a loss to conceive . With respect to the mention of lord King , he really thought , from the nature of the question , it was impossible the debate could have gone on without referring to him ; for the whole argument turned on the propriety of permitting or preventing him from pursuing a certain line of conduct . He did not think the same necessity existed for mentioning lord Arden . The hon . gentleman had , however , introduced him ; whether in a complimentary manner , or otherwise , he could not say ; and perhaps , it was no great matter which . He denied , that he had ever called lord King a Jew or a pedlar . AH lie had said was , that the noble lord was the first person in his exalted situation , who had acted on that principle , which none but Jews and pedlars had before recognised . With respect to the general question , he agreed with his right hon . friend , that every member who possessed Bank notes was as much interested as the proprietors and directors : for , if the Bank note was considered as only worth 16s . now , but that the passing of the Bill would raise it to 20s . there certainty must be an interest . opposed the measure . He considered it as one of general interest , and would think it hard to exclude any particular class of men from giving their votes upon it . As a merchant of thirty years standing , he gave his tribute of applause to the conduct of the Bank . Whether granting or refusing accommodation required of them , he had never during all that period heard their conduct arraigned . He adverted to the conduct of lord King , in considering which , he thought they ought never