. He had not , at that time , the confidence of that great man , to whose name and memory he believed he had shewn as much attachment as that noble lord or any other ; but some time afterwards , for several years , he had enjoyed that confidence , and he could say , that in many , many conversations with him on this particular subject , he had taken the opportunity of trying to learn from him what was the nature of the securities and safeguards which he had to provide in case of granting such claims , and of telling him that he could not shift his foot from the solid ground of the constitution , till he told him in what they consisted . He would aver upon his honour , with all due respect for that great man , that he never could tell him , what were , in his own opinion , those securities and 677 safeguards which he meant to provide for the Protestant establishment . ( A laugh ) . Noble lords might laugh if they pleased , but such was the fact . The objection he took was strengthened by a publication of the noble lord who spoke last ( lord Grenvills 's Letters ) in which there was much about the subject of safeguards : but he had never heard of any but one , and that was the Veto , without which it appeared the noble lord would not agree to the claims , and which the Catholics would not consent to grant . He had heard of no other . God forbid he should refuse to any class of his Majesty 's subjects privileges which it would be safe to concede to them . But it was quite different to discuss specific propositions , and , after such a debate as that , to go into a Committee upon general grounds , when they might only raise unfounded hopes , and excite groundless fears . He anxiously asked to know , what the safeguards consisted in ; then he should understand the matter better . When he looked into the law books , civil , canon , or otherwise , or into the common prayer-book , though on such a subject it might be sufficient for a reverend prelate , he , for his part , as a lawyer , could not take the opinion of Mr. Fox , for whose name he had much respect , or of Mr. Pitt , or of Mr. Burke , or of Mr. Windham , as conclusive on the subject . The Revolution of 1688 was founded on a belief that certain tenets existed which precluded persons holding them from power , and the existence of those tenets was now denied . We had therefore been guarding the constitution by various laws , and now we were told that supremacy meant nothing . He hardly could tell where he was ; he could not think himself in a British House of Lords , when he heard some things uttered that night . He had read something of archbishop Wake , having himself been , in early life , intended for the church , and he could quote him page by page with other noble lords . He could also quote Fenelon on some of these subjects . He could hear of nothing as a security but the rejected Veto . Was he too rush , in standing upon the constitution of England , and the principles of the Revolution , which united and knitted together a Protestant State and Constitution , and a Protestant church establishment , for the express purpose of handing them down together , with all their benefits , to our remotest posterity ? Would their lordships consent to alter the establishment 678 at the Revolution , by consenting to a motion , which could only create uneasiness and disappointments ? He might be called a bigot , and very likely a monk : but he had only in answer to this , to say , `` give me your distinct propositions , explain to