. While the investigation was going on , he always felt , that the evidence of such a woman as Mrs. Clarke ought to be left wholly out of their consideration , un-less when it was confirmed by other evidence . There were many strong points of the case , however , which were proved without the testimony of Mrs. Clarke . The case of Kennet did not at all stand on the evidence of Mrs. Clarke . It stood on the testimony of a witness of the highest character ( colonel Taylor ) and upon the duke 's own letters . The cases of general Clavering and Mr. Tonyn did not stand upon the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , but upon the Duke 's own hand-writing . If the case of Kennett were single and unaccompanied by any other , he was of opinion , that it would be sufficient to prove decided corruption , and to call for the censure of the House . It was corruption , though not strictly corruption in office . It was not upon this account the less criminal . Although the Duke might not have trafficked promotion in the army for money , yet if it appeared that he had trafficked the interest that his situation gave him for money , he was unfit to hold a high place in the state . He would venture to say , that if any one of his Majesty 's ministers had been detected in a transaction like that of Kennett 's case , in attempting for a sum of money to procure a place for any individual , that minister would be prosecuted for it with the utmost severity . The hon . gent . who spoke last , had said , that pecuniary distresses had urged the Duke to the very brink of criminal conduct . It was his opinion , that they had urged him beyond the brink , and involved him in practices actually criminal . For such practices as those , in a man in high trust , he thought it was no excuse at all to set up the weakness and frailty of human nature . 497 Men who had so large a portion of this weakness and frailty were not fit to hold high offices in the state . It might not indeed prevent them from being useful , nay almost respectable in private life , but utterly incapacitated them for the public service . For human frailty , considered as an object for punishment , he was willing to make every allowance that justice would warrant ; but the question at present was not what censure a delinquent should undergo , but whether it was prudent to entrust the command of the army to a person liable to such habitual weakness . The whole argument in favour of this re appointment seemed to proceed upon the assumption of some imaginary inherent right which the duke of York possessed to the office of Commander in Chief , and which could only be forfeited by a crime legally proved and the sentence of a criminal court , instead of being like every other subject of this realm , liable to be removed whenever upon any account it appeared that the public service might be promoted by any other disposition of that appointment . The House was not now to determine what degree of moral guilt attached to the Duke 's conduct , but whether it was wise to expose him to temptations , which he had already shewn he was unable to resist . Would it be contended that it was safe to place this high office in the hands of a person , who could , with a view `` to his own private advantage , recommend a person of infamous character for a situation of trust and confidence , who could permit a woman like Mrs. Clarke repeatedly and habitually to interfere in military promotions , and who was corrupt enough to sanction , or blind enough to overlook the traffic which she carried on . But it had been said , that the Duke had been