which you have applied the separate means of Great Britain to the financial relief of Ireland at the present moment ; and derives much satisfaction from perceiving that you have been able to accomplish this object with so little additional burthen upon the resources of this part of the United Kingdom . The manner in which you have taken into consideration the condition of the Irish revenue has met with his Royal Highness 's approbation ; and his Royal Highness commands us to add , that he looks with confidence to the advantage which may be derived from the attention of parliament having been given to this important subject . My Lords and Gentlemen , His Royal Highness commands us to congratulate you upon the reduction of the island of Mauritius . This last and most important colony of France has been obtained with , inconsiderable loss and its 1120 acquisition must materially contribute to the security of the British commerce and possessions in that quarter of the world . The successes which have crowned his Majesty 's arms during the present campaign , under the distinguished command of lieutenant-general lord viscount Wellington , are most important to the interests and glorious to the character of the country . His Royal Highness warmly participates in all the sentiments which have been excited by those successes , and concurs in the just applause which you have bestowed upon the skill , prudence and intrepidity so conspicuously displayed in obtaining them . `` It affords the greatest satisfaction to his Royal Highness to reflect that , should it please Divine Providence to restore his Majesty to the ardent prayers and wishes of his Royal Highness and of his Majesty 's people , his Royal Highness will be enabled to lay before his Majesty , in the-history of these great achievements of the British aims throughout a series of systematic operations , so satisfactory a proof that the national interests and the glory of the British name have been successfully maintained while his Royal Highness has conducted the government of the united kingdom . '' Then a Commission for proroguing the parliament was read . After which the Lord Chancellor said , `` My Lords and Gentlemen , `` By virtue of the commission under the Great Seal , to us and other lords directed , and now read , we do , in obedience to the commands of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent , in the name and on behalf of his Majesty , prorogue this parliament to Thursday the twenty-second day of August next , to be then here holden ; and this parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the twenty-second day of August next . '' The Commons withdrew from the Bar and the Lords Commissioners retired from the House . [ A List of the Public Acts passed during the Session will be found at p.cxxxviii , of the Appendix . ]