on the subject of the said Amendment , in the Painted Chamber . Accordingly a committee was appointed to manage the conference on the part of the House . Their lordships repaired to the Painted Chamber , and after an interval of a few minutes , they returned ; when earl Graham reported that the Conference had been duly held with the managers from the Commons , and that the Commons did not insist upon 774 their Amendments made to the Insolvent Debtors Bill . expressed his wish to postpone his motion for the second reading of his Gold Coin Bill , which stood for this day , till to-morrow , and his reason for doing so , he would freely stale to their lordships . He had staled in the outset , that a certain great landholder intended to require the rents recently due to him to be paid in gold . He had mentioned no names , but it since turned out that the landholder he alluded to was a member of that House , and from whom he had received a letter , expressing his desire , that the motion might be postponed till to-morrow ; he therefore thought it only justice to do so . His lordship then moved to renew the order for summoning their lordships on the above motion for to-morrow , which was ordered accordingly . declared it to be his intention , in the next session , once more to bring Mr. Palmer 's Claims under the consideration of parliament in the shape of a Bill , when he trusted that this subject would receive its final discussion and decision . after some prefatory observations , in which he said that he had received a letter from the under sheriff of Lincoln , declaring that Mr. Finnerty had offered money for other apartments ; as also a statement from a magistrate , in contradiction of what had been advanced by Mr. Finnerty , presented a Petition from Mr. Merryweather , the gaoler of Lincoln Castle , setting forth `` That a Petition having been presented to this House by Peter Finnerty , a prisoner in the said castle of Lincoln , containing gross and scandalous misrepresentations of the misdemeanor ward of the said prison , in which he is confined , and of the cruelty and oppression he labours under from the Petitioner and the visiting magistrates of the prison aforesaid , most humbly requests the House will make such enquiry into the conduct of the Petitioner towards the said Peter Finnerty as to their wisdom way seem meet ; the Peti- 775 tioner not having acted cruelly and oppressively towards the said Peter Finnerty , who was enjoying the unrestrained liberty of air and exercise in a part of the court yard and private garden of the Petitioner , of above three acres in extent , until the Petitioner discovered that the indulgence so granted him was abused by an attempt to seduce his upper turnkey from his duty , by offering him money to permit him to be criminally connected with a female convict in the said prison , and also , while taking exercise in the part before mentioned , offering money to three female prisoners employed in cleaning the County-hall , for them to let him come in at the window for the above improper purpose , and which more fully appears by the depositions of the parties . '' was glad that this Petition of the gaoler had come forward , as it contained a specification of the charge against Mr. Finnerty . But , supposing it true , it was not therefore proper that Mr. Finnerty should be kept five or six weeks from air and exercise , at the discretion of the gaoler . He had a letter from Mr. Finnerty , however , purporting that the turnkey had made the offer to him for a bribe , and on his refusal had told this story in order to be before hand with him . Then there was no answer given as to the stench in Mr. Finnerty 's cell . The hon . gent