inconveniences attendant on the present state of the currency of the country , those inconveniences were trifling as compared with the evils which must result from an abandonment of those efforts which the country was making in the common cause . protested against the proposed measure , as fraught with general calamity . The noble lord who had just spoken talked of the faith due to the national creditor . That faith no one would wish more strictly to observe than himself ; but what would the national creditor gain by the present Bill ? Would it give to bank notes an increased value ? would not its only effect be to place landholders in the same distressing situation ? For his part ( notwithstanding what had fallen from the noble and learned lord on the woolsack ) he never would believe , until it should be declared by the twelve Judges , that the payment-by a tenant into a court , of bank notes , would shelter him 880 from a distress , when the law distinctly declared that it should be paid `` in good and lawful money of the realm . '' Satisfied as he was , that the reverse was the case , he put it to the House to consider what would be the situation of the unfortunate tenant , after the passing of the Bill . From that period it would be illegal and impracticable for him to purchase guineas , and yet with guineas alone would his landlord be paid . Could any thing be conceived more likely to create the greatest calamities ? It was to incur all the evils of making bank notes a legal tender , without securing any of the advantages which might result from such a step . The present measure would have the effect , not of stopping , but of aggravating and increasing the evil . The law was to be limited in its operation to Great Britain , and was not to extend to Ireland . Why was this ? Had it never been heard that the rent of lands in that part of the kingdom had been demanded by the landlord in gold ? Was it known that this was common in the North of Ireland ? If this was an evil , how came it that a remedy was more necessary here than there ? Why were the people in Ireland to be more exposed to such demands than the landholders in England ? To this he believed no better answer could be given than that furnished by the old story of a person who was accused of cruelty in putting lobsters into cold water , and then boiling them to death . The reason given to justify this practice was , `` they were used to it ; '' and this he conceived , was all that could be said for thus neglecting the people of Ireland . He was astonished to hear the noble lord opposite contend that bank paper was not depreciated , and thought the arguments he had urged were far from proving what they were intended to prove ; and the arguments he had made use of to shew that the Orders in Council had done good , were only to be derived from the present distress of the country . The only remedy which could be supplied to the evils complained of , and those which would follow the adoption of the measure proposed , and those measures to which it must lead , was a return to payments in specie . He reminded their lordships of the assignats in France ; and then adverting to the affairs of the peninsula , declared that though he had concurred in the vote of thanks to lord Wellington , as he had really done more than he had expected he would be able to do , yet still it 881 was his firm opinion , if we made ourselves principals in the war , and attempted to contend with the whole military power of France on the continent , the consequences would be most ruinous to this country .