West India colonies , that Ceylon was a conquered but not a ceded island ; that a free person of colour by the English law was a competent witness ; had no hesitation in declaring that it ought to be rejected , even without hearing the opinions of others of more knowledge , which he should have other wise been inclined to have heard in the first place . Without presuming to follow his hon . and learned friend through every part of his speech , he would offer a few remarks to shew the little foundation there was for the clamour that had been raised for the British laws and constitution . His hon . and learned friend had first remarked upon the appointment of Mr. Smith , and upon the singular process in Downing street , for converting any lawyer caught up in Westminster hall into a gentleman learned in the laws of Spain , though he knew nothing of the law nor the language . But it was at least as ingenious a process by which his hon . and learned friend himself had , all at once , become so eminent a Spanish lawyer , as to speak of the most intricate points of the law with as much decision as if he had been an experienced Spanish alcalde . That one person should be the original judge , and also the judge of appeal , was , when boldly stated , inconsistent . But how stood the fact No criminal sentence by the Spanish law was valid till confirmed by the Audiencia of the Carraccas , This had become impossible to be got at , and it was absolutely , necessary to supply the defect ; and for this purpose these appointments had been united in Mr. Smith . To one of the situations , however , he had appointed a deputy , so that there was none of that inconsistency upon which his hon . and learned friend had dwelt . But , admitting that he actually exercised the functions of an original judge , and of a judge of appeal , what was that more than a revision or rehearing—a thing to which they were accustomed every day in this country . In the county palatine of Lancaster he himself had witnessed , not more than six weeks ago , an application to a judge at twelve o'clock for a new trial , upon the ground of a misdirection of his own to the jury , not two hours before . After a trial at bar the application for a new trial was to the same judges , and his hon . and learned friend could not but be aware that the appeals from Chancery to the House of Lords were decided by the lord chancellor , the same judge who decided the causes originally . 615 The hon . and learned gentlemen next defended the conduct of Mr. Smith , who was a man of great talents and humanity , towards those persons against whom this motion was directed . Mr. Smith 's conduct had been impeached , but the only instances in which it had been blamed consisted in the execution of those very laws which he had been appointed strictly to administer.—He next argued that the ordinance of 1789 was unquestionably a part of the Spanish law . It was an order of the King , conceived in the most distinct terms , and commanding the very council by which it was said it ought to be confirmed , to consider it as law , and administer it accordingly . It had been called by Mr. Smith an almost divine ordinance , and , comparatively speaking , it was so , for it afforded much greater protection to the slaves than any law of ours . The master and steward only were permitted to inflict a few lashes , not the driver ; and they were inflicted too only by way of punishment , and not to quicken the negroes hands by the effusion of his blood , as in our other West India colonies , where the British constitution