rested the denial of the Catholic claims upon a question of character , for he would allow , that when the Irish soldiers or sailors were called into action , they proved themselves to possess all the strength of which the human mind or the human body was capable . It had been said , that to refuse those claims was contrary to the canon of the Almighty ; if so , he did not see upon what ground the Catholics could be refused , if they were to apply for a participation of tythes , and a proportioning of the division according to their numbers . It was not upon the ground that the Catholics of Ireland were more rebelled subjects than any other that he would resist the motion , but upon the ground that the church establishment should be maintained in the whole kingdom , and not be endangered in any part of it . It had been asked , how this evil could happen , whether by force or by influence ; he would say that it might happen in consequence of the course in which the hon . gentlemen , on the other side , were proceeding when they sat in the situation which he and his colleagues at present tilled , by granting gradually until all was given away . Those gentlemen who had spoken so much of the Irish were not infallible . Dr. Milner had been the god of their idolatry . He soon became quite the contrary . The same thing happened in their declarations on the Veto . The Irish now would allow it , and now they would not . All this ought to generate some distrust in their knowledge . He loved Christian toleration , not the toleration of philosophy . The French tolerating philosophers were atrocious persecutors. , and they overturned all establishments . He thought that the more any great sects were brought to an equality of rights and honours , the nearer they were to a struggle . They ought to have subordination , to have peace . It was not to be supposed that 420 the Catholic Petition was more agreeable to the nation because the public voice was less loud against it than formerly . The reason was , the public fear was less active . When at a late period , dangerous measures were urged by the legislature , the cry of the nation rose against them . The origin of that cry was imputed to his artifice ; but the cry exhibited the feeling which would be roused again the first moment that the danger seemed probable . If he had not misunderstood the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) on a former occasion , when this question was agitated , he then declared that he would not have supported it but for the Veto . Now , he did not hear a word of the Veto , and this was of itself a sufficient reason for him , ( Mr. Perceval ) to oppose the motion , though he confessed he did not do so solely on this account . rose , and called on the right hon . gent , who was a friend to Christian toleration , and an admirer of the Gospel of Christ , to open that Gospel , and shew him where he could find the Church and State united together , and where he could find , though tithes were created by men , that they were designated by God , as the engine of political aggrandizement , or of individual or national oppression ? The right hon . gent . denied philosophical toleration ; Socrates was a philosopher , and Christ himself was the greatest philosopher that ever lived . Did the right hon . gent . recollect that these statutes against Popery were the emanations of perjury and lies—just like the cry raised by himself in 1807—just like lord George Gordon 's riots in the year 1780 , the right hon . gent , himself being now at the head of that or of a similar mob .