distressing case was then under consideration . agreed with the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that unless some practical relief was likely to result from the adoption of the motion , they would by agreeing to go into the Committee only excite expectations which would afterwards be disappointed . He for one should object to any relief by a grant of money . The distress was general amongst persons connected with the commerce of the country ; and if any enquiry was to be instituted at all , he thought that the Committee should be appointed to examine into the general system of the commerce of the country ; and to ascertain whether there was any thing radically wrong in that system to which the distresses of the manufacturing classes could be ascribed . This point had been adverted to in the petitions , where the distresses of the manufacturing classes were in part attributed to the state of our relations with America . The trade with America was that of which alone the enemy could not possibly have deprived this country . He should not , then , assert , whether it might not have been possible so to have regulated our politics , as to have maintained amicable relations and commercial intercourse with America ; but , certain he was , that the situation in which we stood with respect to America was that in which the enemy would most desire to see us placed . He thought , also , that if the enquiry could be entered into , 436 with any prospect that the House would sit long enough to allow of its being conducted to any beneficial result , the system of granting licences , which had been so much cried up , should at the same time be investigated . This was the only measure that could be looked to for any satisfactory consequence : but perceiving that the feelings of the House were in favour of going into the Committee , he should not press upon this point farther . thought , that , as the hon . brat , opposite had stated it as his opinion that it would be gratifying to the feelings of the petitioners to accede to this motion , that consideration alone ought to be sufficient to weigh with the House . He was decidedly of opinion , that any grant of money ought to be deprecated ; but he thought that the relief might be rendered effectual , if the manufacturers should be enabled to send the articles on their hands to a market not now accessible to them . He threw out this suggestion for the information of the House generally , because he knew that a measure of the description he alluded to had been successfully adopted in a case of similar distress in Ireland . At all events , by going into the Committee they would shew the petitioners , that they were ready to do every thing in their power for their relief . was fully aware of the danger of exciting , by agreeing to the motion , expectations which might afterwards be disappointed ; but there was one circumstance which made him of a decided opinion upon this occasion . He would agree to a going into the Committee , lest their motives should be misinterpreted—lest , if they refused to agree to , the motion , it should be supposed that they were not aware of the extent of the distress . The amount of that distress they could not so clearly ascertain without entering into a grave and solemn enquiry : and , if it should unfortunately , after such enquiry , be found , that no practicable mode of relief could be devised , he wished it , at all events , to be clearly understood by the sufferers , that every attention had been paid to their claims in that House ; and that the evil they complained of was not redressed solely because it was beyond the power of that House to remove it . He thought it particularly desirable , that