, as taught at Maynooth.—The opinions of the magistracy of the corporation of Liverpool , and of the principal beneficed ministers of the Established Church in the same town , are sufficiently expressed upon this subject , by their liberal contributions to the Catholic seminary of Ampleforth ; —a fact too much to the credit of those liberal-minded men , to be passed by , unnoticed , at a moment when we see the miserable policy of attempting to repress the salutary effects of those institutions , tending as they do to rescue the instruction of so large a proportion of our fellow-subjects from the influence of a foreign education , to which they are at this moment invited by the lures of the common enemy , and which , for the last two centuries and more , has been a standing opprobrium on the policy of our government . on the authority of three of the four Roman Catholic Vicars Apostolic , Drs . Douglas , Gibson , and Collingridge , contradicted a report that they had been offered , or had solicited , salaries of 500l . each from the crown . They conceived that such a report had been circulated to impose a belief that their acquiescence in the Resolution at the St. Albans , of the 1st of Feb. 1810 , had been influenced by such a temptation . They had distinctly avowed , that no offer whatever on the part of government , nor solicitations on their part , had been made . He had no authority to speak to the subject from Dr. Milner , who had himself made some declarations on the subject in one of the public prints . in adverting to the apprehensions expressed of the admission of Roman Catholics to seats in the legislature , observed that they had sat during four reigns since the reformation : but if danger was really to be apprehended from a preponderance in point of number of such members , which can not possibly be within any rational speculation , nevertheless , to remove the impression of such apprehensions in the most timid minds , however unsupported by any calculation founded On the existing state of population or influence , the proportion of Catholics sitting in parliament might possibly be regulated with a reference to the comparative Protestant population of the united kingdom . This was merely thrown out as a momentary impression ; but the regulation of the several treaties of the empire , from that of Passau to the peace of Westphalia , 404 would offer abundant precedents of such arrangements * . said that he was himself the last to feel distrust of the civil principles of his Catholic fellow-subjects ; yet if a Bill came into parliament , he should , at least wish not to leave it open to the will of a sovereign ( as little as it was probable that it ever would be exercised ) to appoint a Chancellor of the Roman Catholic communion . The office of chancellor must be considered , in some respects , as an ecclesiastical office ; he is , in contemplation of law , the keeper of the king 's conscience ; the dispenser of ecclesiastical benefices , and the visitor of the colleges of royal foundation . It was not sufficient to say that a Protestant sovereign would not appoint a Catholic chancellor ; the law should declare , that such could not be appointed . If the Catholic conceived it to be a hard restriction on the subject , he should consider , that the restriction on the first estate itself , is relatively harder : the King must conform to the established religion of the State , or he must forfeit his birth-right.† : after many other observations and details of facts , concluded by declaring his opinion to be in favour of the motion of his right hon . friend , though he could have wished that it had extended to a notification of such a Committee as he had himself alluded to . No member of the House was more zealously attached to the constitution