sterling . `` Was it to be believed that this could keep up Bank notes at a nominal value , depreciated as they undoubtedly were , compared with the price of gold . The noble Secretary of State had said on a former day , that the Bill was necessary for the protection of the tenantry—an observation which convinced him ( lord King ) of the ignorance of the noble lord upon the subject . How could the interests of the tenantry be protected , if protection was not given generally to the agricultural interests of the country , and how were the agricultural interests of the country to be protected , when , by this Bill , additional difficulties were thrown in the way of the adjustment of contracts between landlord and tenant , and those contracts were interfered with in a way most injurious to the interests of both : The only consequence must be , that landlords would refuse to grant leases to their tenants , for the performance of the conditions of which they could have no security . Their lordships were , in short , utterly wasting their time in the consideration of this Bill . It could by no possibility do good , nor could it achieve the object which , it professed to have in view . They must either repeal the Bank Restriction , or they must have two prices , a gold and a paper price . This it would be impossible by the Bill , or any such measure , to prevent . An instance had been stated relative to this subject , in which a person went to purchase 3 per cent , consols , he was told that they were at 64 or 65 ; his answer was , that he came with 1,000 guineas in his pocket . That immediately altered the case , and he was told that he might buy with gold at a much lower price . This must necessarily be the case with respect to every commodity unless they returned to payments in specie . It was in vain for their lordships to pass this Bill ; it could not effect the object those who had adapted it professed to have in view , it could not retard the depreciation of Bank notes , nor could it prevent the two prices in gold and paper , the natural effect of that depreciation . felt it his duty to State the impression upon his mind with respect to this Bill . At the period of 1797 , when the restriction on the Bank of England was first proposed , he was an humble adviser of the government ; and if a noble lord near him would condescend to recollect 850 his opinions upon that occasion , that noble lord must recollect that he was then trembling with doubts as to the effect of interfering with the contracts between man and man . He did not recollect how far the opinion of that noble lord went , upon that occasion ; but he was certain that he ( the Lord Chancellor ) had then more doubts upon the subject than some of the ministers . That act having interfered with the contracts with individuals , so far as to say that the debtor should not be arrested , if he tendered the debt in bank-notes , was it now to be said that a tenant should have his goods or stock seized , because he could not procure gold , which was not to be obtained ? It had been said that the tenant was bound to pay in good and lawful money of the realm , but so was every man who owed money upon any account whatever , unless there were special conditions to the contrary covenanted between the parties . What was the case between the obligor and obligee—in a bond between the holder of a bill of exchange and the acceptor , did not the same circumstances equally apply ? was not the obligation of payment equally the same ? When therefore the landlord had left to him is action of