being submitted to Parliament , humbly praying the substitution of some equivalent , but less onerous provision for the ministers of the Established Church . It being also our decided conviction , that there is no act to which the legislature can recur , which will so essentially contribute to promote the industry and to preserve the peace of this part of the United Kingdom ; none which can so strongly deserve the gratitude and conciliate the affections of the people . '' The county of Kerry have stated in their petition to this House , `` That impressed with a strong sense of the evils resulting from the mode of levying tythes , which , whilst they impede agriculture and improvement , afford the clergyman and lay impropriator a provision the most unsatisfactory in its nature , from the odium attendant upon it , they submit to the House the expediency of providing for them an equivalent , which shall be more consistent with the wishes of the nation , and the interests of the Church . '' The Queen 's county , in their petition , say , `` That the impolicy and grievance of the present system of tythes are universally known and acknowledged . That we are of opinion that the legislature can adopt no measure so well calculated to secure the good order and quiet which now prevail throughout Ireland , and to defeat any attempt of invasion , as a commutation of tythes . '' The grand jury of the county of Wicklow have 574 resolved , `` That when a legislative union was proposed between this country and Great Britain , it was publicly held out in Parliament by the minister of England , that some mode would be adopted for relieving the lower orders in this country from the pressure of tythes , which , ac-cording to his expression , operate in many instances as a great practical evil . '' The grand jury of the county of Armagh have declared `` We sec , with much concern , the exorbitant demands made by some of the clergy and their proctors in certain ; parishes in this county , in collecting tythes , to the very great oppression of their parishioners , and tending , at this time in particular , to detach the minds of his Majesty 's subjects from their loyalty and attachment to the happy constitution of this country . '' And the grand jury of the King 's county , at the last assizes , have made this declaration : `` We think it expedient to express our unanimous conviction , that the interference of the legislature upon the subject of tythes , is absolutely essential to the tranquillity and prosperity of Ireland . '' I can not conceive , Sir , that a more sufficient ground could exist to induce the House to examine this subject than the unanimous opinion of these seven very extensive counties declaring tythes to be a great grievance , and that the interference of the legislature was absolutely necessary . But these counties speak the opinion of all Ireland . If the other counties had thought proper to come forward with the same zeal for the public good , and with the same energy in protecting their own most important interests and rights , I do not hesitate to say , that everyone of them would have spoken the same language . I say this in the hearing of those who are able to set me right if I am incorrect in what I say , but I venture to foretell , that in the course of this debate , no Irish member will rise in his place and deny the accuracy of my assertion . But besides the unanimous conviction that prevails in Ireland that , the legislature ought to interfere , ministers themselves have afforded a very good ground to justify me in making the motion I am about to make . In the session in which the first petitions on this subject were presented to the House , I was induced to postpone calling its attention to them ,