without the aid and interference of the law . announced it as his determination to oppose the Bill in every stage . He complained of the absurd provisions made by one of its clauses which went to exclude Ireland from the pretended benefits of the Bill , though the evil it professed to remedy existed to so much greater an extent in that country than in any other part of the united kingdom . would not oppose the first reading of the Bill , as he did not object to its introduction to the House , although in its passage through , there were parts of it which he might feel it his duty strongly to object to . expressed his surprise , that after the very able speech of his hon . and learned friend , none of the right honourable gentlemen opposite should have thought it necessary to say something in answer to the objections which had been so strongly urged against their own measure—for as such he should consider it . He thought that the right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer had indulged in observations which were by no means warranted by the conduct of the noble lord upon whom they were intended to bear so hard . That noble lord bad done nothing more than he was justified in doing , both in law and in equity . He thought , too , that the insinuations which were so invidiously thrown out by the right hon . gentleman against another noble 891 lord ( Grenville ) were equally inapplicable , and , considering the quarter whence they came , peculiarly unfortunate . The right hon . gentleman had accused that noble lord of affecting the monopoly of all the talents of the country . He would not stop seriously to refute so ridiculous a charge ; but when he accused that noble lord of exacting the submission due from inferior to abler statesmen , he was charging him with a crime of which that right hon . gentleman had not long ago vainly tempted that noble lord to be guilty . The right hon . gentleman had himself acknowledged lord Grenville to be what he now accused him of falsely aspiring to be . He had knelt to that noble lord—he had bowed to his acknowledged superiority , and avowed himself willing to go below him , and act under that noble lord , as first lord of the treasury . The accusation therefore , groundless as it undoubtedly was , was still more unfortunate as coming from the right hon . gentleman , who had himself given his personal testimony , that whether lord Grenville had any such pretensions to such superiority or not , that still , in the opinion of the right hon . gentleman , they were well founded . It had been said , or rather insinuated , that in the projection of the restriction act , Mr. Pitt had some such measure as this , or one still stronger—going even so far as to make Bank notes a legal tender—that he had then some such measure in contemplation . He could not receive the doubtful insinuations of the right hon . gentleman as greater authority than the decided testimony of lord Grenville , the bosom-friend and counsellor of Mr. Pitt . That noble lord had declared his belief that Mr. Pitt had never adopted the measure of restriction but as a temporary expedient ; and with a magnanimity that , in his opinion , did that noble lord immortal honour , he had expressed his regret for having supported the first extension of the Bill , when it was about to expire ; and subsequently he gave the proposal for the second extension of the restriction act , an energetic though ineffectual opposition . The noble lord had never approved of it originally , but as a mere temporary expedient , and now that it was meant to be made permanent , he looked upon it as a fatal measure . And what were they now going to do in passing the present Bill—to take a step which must