was not making them a legal tender . The passing of this bill declared to the world that the Bank of England could not goon without support . After the passing of this Bill , Bank notes would not be the notes of the Bank of England but of parliament . The Bank had been spoken of as a body of independent merchants trading on their Own capital , but it was now well known 980 and generally understood , that the Bank of England was , to a certain extent , a mere instrument in the hands of the Chan cellor of the Exchequer . He should trouble the House no further , but conclude with avowing it as his solemn opinion , that the present measure was pregnant with the most mischievous consequences to the ) country . said he should postpone his Resolution to another stage of the Bill , as pressing it at that late hour might be productive of inconvenience . ( Hear ! ) , after some observations on the necessity which would be imposed on parliament before the prorogation , to adopt measures for the relief of the suffering manufacturers in various parts of the kingdom , particularly at Nottingham moved as an amendment , that the Bill be committed on that day se'nnight . The amendment was negatived without a division , and the original motion was put and carried . moved the order of the day for resuming the adjourned debate on his Resolutions relative to a proposed Circulating Medium . [ See p . 908 . ] His lordship observed , that he should be trespassing on their lordships ' patience , and insulting their understandings , if he were to adduce any argument to shew the importance of the subject , as without a circulating medium the taxes could not be paid , the public creditor could not be paid , nor could our army or navy receive any pay . He was perfectly aware that the Bill which had passed that House would not of itself be sufficient ; and that if that Bill passed into a law , there would be a necessity , as the law would then stand , for further measures , with the view of establishing a fit and proper Circulating Medium . He admitted , that that Bill was only a coat for a humpy ; and that it was adapted to a distorted state of things . He had brought it forward as an immediate remedy for a pressing evil , but without having any idea that that alone would be sufficient . By that Bill , under the clause very properly , added to 981 it by the noble lords on the other side , landlords insisting upon their rent in gold could not distrain upon their tenants—so far was undoubtedly proper . But then other remedies were still left to them , a landlord insisting upon his rent in gold , might say to his tenant who urged the impossibility of procuring gold , `` then you must turn out . '' The tenant might urge his compliance with all the terms of his covenants , and his having laid out a large sum of money on his landlord 's property , but still the landlord might say— '' If you do n't pay me in gold you must turn out . '' He did not know how far a court of equity might interfere in such a case ; there was an instance in the last war in which the court of chancery had refused to allow a mortgagee , under the circumstances of the times , to foreclose a mortgage . Whether this was right or not he did not pretend to say ; —suppose , however , the tenant should endeavour to procure gold for any part of his stock ; suppose he should bring malt or hops for instance , to a brewer , take any brewer in a large way or a little way , —brewer Whitbread for instance , —he tells Mr. Whitbread he has brought some excellent malt or hops , but