coin . did not object to the Speaker leaving the chair , but took occasion to state his opinion , that a resolution of the merchants to receive and pay Bank notes at their nominal value , as was done on the 26th of September , 1745 , would have been sufficient to remedy the threatened evil , and have completely superseded the necessity of this Bill . As a temporary measure only , he gave it his support ' . entertained such an insuperable objection to the principle of the Bill , that he was persuaded no modification of that principle in a Committer would render it an expedient , or even a harmless measure . He would avail himself of the present opportunity to ask some few questions respecting the non-descript currency that had recently been issued by the Bank . He understood that it had been coined at the national mint . Was that the fact ? If so , by whom was the expence defrayed The nominal value of these tokens was three shillings . What was their real value ? Certainly they were not worth three shillings . How were they debased ? Was it by the introduction of alloy , or by the diminution of weight ? Why not affix two , shillings and sixpence to them as the nominal price , and then procure an Act of parliament to make them pass for three shillings ? This would be to put them on a footing with the notes. , It was well known that there had been a great want of change all over the kingdom , and no 1014 where more than in the metropolis . Bankers had been obliged to go into the market for it . The undepreciated Bank note of one pound could not , it seemed , be exchanged for twenty even of the base and depreciated shillings current . A hundred and four of these pound notes had been frequently given for a hundred pounds worth of silver . Had this circumstance been adverted to in the late Bank issue ? If not , if the tokens had been made too large , they also would soon be sold at a premium . The Bill before the House was defective in every respect . It was so constructed , notwithstanding all the attention given to it by the crown lawyers , that it would make the punishment of the crime which it enacted , different in England and Scotland . In England it would be a misdemeanor , subjecting the offender to fine and imprisonment ; in Scotland it might be a misdemeanor , which the judge might punish at his own discretion , with fine , imprisonment , or transportation . To shew that this was a discretion which ought not to be trusted to the Scots Courts , he instanced the case of a barrister of the most respectable character and most eminent talents , who , having been convicted in Scotland of the misdemeanor of lending Paine 's Rights of Man to a friend , was sentenced by the judge to fourteen years transportation to Mew South Wales . in reply to some of the questions of the hon . gentleman , stated that the three shilling Bank token weighed nine pennyweights and eleven grains ; and that at the present price of silver , it was worth two shillings and nine-pence halfpenny . These tokens had been issued by the Bank , solely for the convenience of the public . It had been said in another place , and by a high authority , that the Bank had made great sums by their issues of coin . Now , what was the fact ? Four millions of dollars had been issued since 1804 . When the Bank raised their nominal value to five shillings and sixpence , there might be three millions in circulation ( one million having probably been melted ) , in which there would therefore be a loss of 75,000l . The price of silver of late years had been so high that it was impossible to coin the currency