that Bank-notes should be convertible into money was the offspring of barbarous times . He was anxious to know how this could be made out ; and he was there fore desirous that ministers should have an opportunity of bringing out the present Bill in the most perfect way they could devise . He conceived this to be a most important measure . When originally proposed by his noble friend , ministers were pleased to represent it as one wholly unnecessary , and it was only from what had followed , coming from the side of the House on which he sat , that ministers had thought the measure either necessary , or at all worthy of their support . What opinion was this holding out to the country , of themselves ? Was it not to say , `` We have no opinion as to what is good or had for the country , and can form it , only from what you say on the subject . That the country should , at such a moment as the 843 present , be reduced to such a state from the want of all mind in its ministers , he could not consider but as truly deplorable . That ministers should now support a measure which they deemed wholly unnecessary , merely because it met with the disapprobation of those who were in general opposed to them , he confessed himself utterly at a loss to reconcile to any principle either of utility or of sound policy . He was decidedly of opinion , from what he could collect from the experience of every other part of the globe , that the only remedy which remained was the restoring of payments in cash . He hoped , therefore , that ministers would ponder before they gave effect to a measure which , as had already been found in France , could not be resorted to without the danger of ruin . If they persevered in the present measure , he should esteem himself called on to resist it more than any other which could be devised , conceiving it to be most pregnant with mischief . , alluding to what had fallen from the noble earl on a former night , said , if the notes of the Bank of England were depreciated , and those of the Bank of Scotland were not , how did it happen that the rate of exchange was not turned against England , which was not the case ? It was agreed , that if the notes of the Bank of England alone were taken into consideration , there was no depreciation ; and that the depreciation only arose from the country Bank-notes . It was , therefore , at any time in the power of the House to apply a remedy , by limiting the issue of country Bank-notes . Supposing , therefore , that the Bank-restriction act had never taken place , the country might still have been in the same situation from the excess of country Bank-notes . rose to put himself right with the House He contended that he was accurate as to what he had said relative to Scotland , and that there the Banks were liable to pay in specie , in the same manner as they were previous to the year 1797 . So much as to matter of fact , there being no clause in the Bank Restriction . Bill , which could be construed to extend to the Bank of Scotland . As to the question , how it was to be accounted for , that no depreciation of the rate of exchange had thus been produced against England , he could only suppose this to have proceeded from the circumstance , that no landlord had made a demand of payment in gold till this year . 844 He himself had long seen that it was in the power of any man , if he chose it , to , make all the Banks in Scotland stop payment . He had known 500 guineas received in due payment , from a Bank in Scotland ,