, is , in fact , the true character of your expectations ; nothing less than that the Author of the Universe should subvert his laws , to ratify your statutes , and disturb the settled course of nature—to confirm the weak , the wicked expedients of man . What says the decalogue ? Honour the father . What says the penal law ? Take away his estate . Again says the decalogue , Do not steal . The law , on the contrary , proclaims you may rob a Catholic . In truth , the great error of all your policy towards the Catholics is , that it presuppose ? , that the original rights of our nature may be violated with impunity , in imagining that a transgression of natural law can be punished only hereafter . But there is an immediate as well as a future retribution , and a remedy provided by natural causes for this obstruction of natural justice . The early effect of the promulgation of the penal code in Ireland , was to confound tyrant and slave , Protestant and Catholic , in one common mass of misery and insignificance. , A new law against English Catholics was made in the reign of George 2 , and mark the result ! When a militia . 379 force of 6,000 was wanted , it could not be raised . The duke of Cumberland , son of George the 2nd , would not allow a man to be recruited in Ireland , except perhaps , a weaver from the north could be procured . And what was the consequence ? We met our own laws at Fon-tenoy . The victorious troops of England were stopped in their career of triumph by that Irish brigade which the folly of the penal laws had shut cut from the ranks of the British army . A little attention will be enough to shew us that in the same proportion as we have conceded to the Catholics we have grown strong and powerful by our indulgence , and that we have been the blind instruments of our own misfortunes , and of inflicting judgment on ourselves by refusing justice to our fellow subjects . If it be contended that to support the Church it is expedient to continue these disabilities , I dissent from that opinion . If that could-indeed be proved , I should say that you bad acted in defiance of all the principles of Iranian justice and freedom , in haying taken away their church from the Irish , in order to establish your own , and in afterwards attempting to secure that establishment by disqualifying the people , and compelling them at the same time to pay for its support . This is to fly directly in the face of the plainest canons of the Almighty . For the benefit of eleven hundred beneficed Protestant clergymen , to disqualify four or five millions , is the insolent effort of bigotry , not the benignant precept of Christianity : and all this not for the preservation of their property , for that was secured ; but for bigotry , for intolerance , for avarice , for a vile , abominable , illegitimate , and atrocious usurpation . The laws of God cry out against it , the spirit of Christianity cries out against it , the laws of England and the spirit and principles of its constitution cry out against such a system . It may no doubt be said , that , if the Catholics were to be admitted to their rights , it would lead to the overthrow of the existing establishments . But the Catholics were not to be punished for crimes existing only in imagination . The Catholics bad sworn to preserve the establishments , and the oaths of the Catholics were better than the imagination of the Protestants . If the question were , whether the Church was to be established by the ruin of the civil liberties of the people of Ireland , I say that you have no right to make the attempt ; you will fail 380 in