the noble earl 's view differed entirely from that of the noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) who delivered his sentiments early in the debate . That noble and learned lord had stated a circumstance which made it necessary for him to trouble the House at present . He had told their lordships that a great statesman , now no more , had not quitted his situation on the grounds upon which the public generally believed he had quitted it , and which he must take the liberty to say , were not only believed by the public , but by those with whom that great man had been several years in office , of whom he unworthily was one . He had been six years connected with that person , and whatever share of his confidence might be enjoyed by the noble and learned lord , he thought it would not be presumption in himself 674 to state , that he was in a situation to have so much of his confidence as to be able distinctly to declare , that this was not only the opinion of the public , but the opinion of his colleagues . He had also the strongest reason to believe that the grounds assigned for his leaving office were the only grounds for his doing so ; and it was on these grounds that he had thought proper to join with him at that time . It was of little consequence , indeed , what were the motives and what the conduct of himself at that period ; but he could not help feeling a regard for the memory of that illustrious statesman , with whom though he had at some times differed on some material points , it was the greatest honour of his life to have been connected . This was the true ground of the resignation of that great statesman ; and he could not help thinking that , except for a cause of such importance , he would not have been justified in leaving his Majesty 's service at that critical moment.—He thought ha should not have done his duty if he had not noticed the statement of the noble and learned lord , which differed entirely from what was his own understanding of the matter . He would appeal to a noble earl who had come in since the declaration alluded to , ( earl Camden , ) whether the grounds which he had stated as those by which Mr. Pitt was actuated at the period of his resignation were not the real grounds of that resignation.—He did not wish to enter into the consideration of the Catholic question , to which he felt himself unable to do justice ; but as a reference had been frequently made , in the course of this and former debates , to the measure of the Union , and to the pledges then supposed to be given to the Catholics , he would say that undoubtedly those who were concerned in that measure , did contemplate a greater facility in the Union of the two countries for the admission of the Catholic claims , than while they remained separate . He did not say that any distinct pledge had been given to the Catholics ; but that was the conviction which he , for one , entertained at the time , and entertaining such a conviction , he was bound to profess it . On this subject differences did indeed exist in his Majesty 's councils ; but all along it had been his opinion , that the difficulties in the way of the Irish Catholics would be greater when not united with this country , and that the great measure in their favour would be much easier carried through in ft united than in separate parliaments . explained what he had I said respecting Mr. Pitt 's opinions , and mentioned that Mr. Pitt , in conversation on this subject , admitted the difficulties to be so numerous , that he did not see how to provide the means of accomplishing his object . corroborated the statement of earl