render a benefit to the dissenters in general , by instituting a measure intended to promote the honour , the dignity , and the sanctity of religion . The noble viscount concluded by moving . That the Bill be now read a second time . said , after the Bill had received the sanction of the leaders of the different sects , as stated by the noble viscount who brought it in , it was with extreme surprize that he saw the flood of petitions against it , which had that night been poured into their lordships ' House . With respect to the difference of opinions on religious subjects in the Christian Church , he observed , that the basis of that religion was the Bible ; and he held those to be the most orthodox Christians , who adhered the most strictly to the doctrines laid down in that sacred volume . To explain it was the duty of all mankind , and its interpretation was confined to no particular sect . To use coercion in compelling uniformity , was not only impolitic , but while man was constituted as man , it would be impracticable . The very basis of toleration depended on abstaining from the attempt . That basis would never be infringed by the Church of England , if that Church endured in its existing form . But were it overturned , history afforded them many melancholy examples of the direction which religious toleration might take . This was all he should suggest to their lordships on co delicate a point of his subject . As for the Bill under their view , 243 it appeared to him to embrace two very important considerations , of extreme interest to society and the religious establishments of the country . These objects were , 1st , To unite and give uniformity to the three acts already in existence ; and , 2ndly , To render the dissenters more respectable , by precluding from their body those , who were unworthy to belong to any class of religious instructors . Of both of these objects he approved , as they must be of the utmost utility to the community , and highly beneficial to the country . But as the dissenters , who at first approved of the Bill , it now appeared , differed from it , he considered it to be unwise and impolitic to press it against their inclination or consent , who , it must be allowed , were the best judges of what they considered to be for their own interests . observed , that the numerous petitions presented this evening against the Bill , were only a few of the immense number ( to the amount of ten times as many ) that would be received , were an opportunity afforded for their transmission from remote parts , by any postponement of the discussion on this subject . But no Such postponement was necessary ; and he was in hopes he should be able in a few minutes to lay such grounds before their lordships , as would induce even the noble mover himself , to acknowledge that he was justified in proposing the Amendment , with which it was his intention to Conclude ; namely , that the second reading of the Bill should stand for this day six months . From what had fallen from the noble mover , their lordships would suppose this Bill to be a bill of regulation to explain that , which had been justly called the palladium of religious liberty , the Toleration Act . Bat instead of that , he would shew that it was a declaratory act , directly repugnant to the spirit and letter of that in Valuable act . The preamble , he contended , was a direct repeal of the most important parts of the Toleration Act , which for 120 years had been administered without any difference of opinion or doubt in the breast of any justice or other individual . After the very recital of the Toleration Act , `` that persons in holy orders , or pretended