religion , and dangerous to the existence of any government , that this should be countenanced . explained , by declaring it to be his opinion , that though every one of the numerous subscriber '' to the petitions on the table might not be fully acquainted with every minute bearing of the measure against which the petitions were presented , yet , there was not one of them who was not aware of the general tendency of the measure , and that it was injuriously calculated to restrain them in the exercise of their religious doctrines . As to the statement attributed to him by his noble friend who spoke last , that in his opinion , every person who chose it , ought to be allowed to preach in the mode he thought best , he had not gone exactly that length , He had said , and he still maintained , that the cause of religion would be promoted by allowing all those who thought that they had a call to preach the gospel , to do so to those who liked their doctrine , without disability or restraint of any kind . said , that nothing he had heard in support of this Bill had at all shaken his opinion as to its impropriety . He could truly state , that after listening to the various arguments both for and against the measure , he was more and more convinced that it would be a gross infringement upon religious toleration . He was an enemy to the principle of this Bill , which , if carried into execution , would have the effect of increasing that evil , which it professedly was intended to remedy . Civil and religious liberty guaranteed the subject in the performance of those acts , which were not hurtful or disadvantageous to the state . But he would draw this line of distinction between them—that , when an alteration was about to be made in the latter , the proofs and facts which rendered it necessary , should be stated , if possible , more distinctly and clearly , than if the alteration referred to the former . His reason for this was , that where an interference was attempted in matters of religion , a system of persecution might be introduced . The noble viscount had stated that , under the present system the evils and inconveniences were very great : but he would be glad to learn what were those evils ? He supposed they must be either both or one of these ; namely , persons procuring certain immunities , under pretence of teaching the word of God , which they were incapable of doing , or the persons themselves suffering great inconveniencies from the uncertainty of the law . With respect to the first of these points , he must observe , that there was no opportunity of procuring exemptions improperly ; as by the 42d of his Majesty , no person was entitled to them , unless he was the minister of a separate congregation . Nor was that alone sufficient . The party applying was restricted from following any trade , that of a school-master excepted . These regulations were most minutely adhered to , both in the general and local militia ; and much as he objected to the Bill , he would be content to withdraw his objections , if the noble viscount could shew him a single instance , since the Act of 1802 , where exemption had been obtained improperly by a dissenter . He did not believe the slightest necessity existed for enacting any declaratory law on the subject . They had been told that the persons applying for licences had increased ; and he believed they had . But he would ask , did that increase during the last few years render it necessary to introduce the 254 present measure . He thought , by a recurrence to papers then on their lordships ' table , the contrary would appear . According to those documents , the whole number of persons , who had been licensed for the last