record of all sub-sequent proceedings had thereupon . should not have been surprised at the motion of the noble lord , if he had imputed to those who carried on the prosecution against De Yonge any unnecessary delay , or improper conduct in bringing it on for trial ; not having so done , he could not see on what grounds he desired the papers . He had not imputed blame to any one , and with respect to the delay which had necessarily taken 883 place , that did not depend on the prosecutors . It arose from circumstances which could not be avoided . In some cases the judges decided immediately ; in others , involving like the present a question of much importance , they wished for further time for consideration . They had heard , not as the noble lord supposed , incomplete arguments , but arguments proceeding from the minds of some of the most learned men at the bar . Wishing to hear further arguments , they delayed their decision until those doubts which were considerable , were entirely removed . They then gave their opinion in favour of an acquittal . He saw no reason for the motion , and should oppose it . admitted that great learning , and much research had been displayed in the arguments . He did not mean by stating that the arguments were incomplete to impute a defect , but to shew that the judges were not satisfied with them . said , before he moved the first reading of the Bill brought from the Lords , he wished to make a few observations respecting it , both as to its provisions , and to the circumstances by which he was induced to give it his support . It was with a sentiment of deep regret that he could even come to parliament for the purpose of recommending such a Bill , but this sentiment became much stronger from a consideration of the advanced period of the session , and the limited attendance that could be expected on a discussion of such peculiar importance . The regret that he felt in the first place was founded on the recollection that for the last fourteen years the paper of the Bank of England had been able to uphold itself in public estimation . During those fourteen years , trials and exertions had been undergone by the country of the severest and most extensive nature , difficulties of unexampled magnitude had been encountered , and yet the circulating paper had maintained its credit . Through this long period of danger and of exertion , while the military operations of the country abroad were carried on upon a scale the most extensive , bank notes had retained their current value , and the prosperity and strength of the , country , had flourished without diminution or decay . It was , then , not our , great and glorious 884 expeditions , it was not our extended and powerful establishments , it was not the continued and unabated exertions of the country against a foreign enemy , and in support of its liberties and its existence , that had created the necessity of having recourse to any measure of this description . An imperious necessity did , however , now exist for its adoption , and he begged leave to state in what manner that necessity had originated , and the reason why that necessity had only become recently apparent . This would serve to explain why ministers had not deemed it necessary to propose any similar Bill at an earlier period , and why they felt it their duty to the country to give it their support at the present late period of the session . A noble-man of high rank and great political distinction and large landed property , had thought it proper and advisable , after having hitherto received the rents of his estates in the ordinary currency of the country , to give a general notice to his tenants , that from the period of that notice , issued immediately before the usual period of half