he now brought them forward when probably there was not another business day remaining of the session . The hon . mover desired of the House to take all upon trust . He did not even tell them to what extent or under what limitations he wished his proposition to be adopted . In the colonies there were infinite and important varieties in the legal proceedings . He did not tell them whether he wished for the British constitution as in force in Jamaica , in St. Kitts , or in Barbadoes . He first wished to disarm the government of all powers in relation to the management of the island , and then to leave it to the Regent to exercise his discretion.—He had for twenty five years been acquainted with the West Indies , but he had heard things to night concerning evidence received in those Islands , of which , till now , he had been ignorant . The hon . mover had said , that ministers were determined to govern this island by an arbitrary system . This he denied . They had not , indeed , determined that it should be governed on the same system with the other West India islands , but that any alterations in its existing law should be made gradually , and that they should be such as the colony was capable of receiving . What his hon . friend , on the other hand , proposed , was , that the House should accede to the wishes of 517 white inhabitants in opposition to the wishes of a population of 22,000 . There certainly was no application before the House on the part of the people of colour ; but how did this happen ? Finding that a canvass was going on among the white inhabitants 619 as to the nature of the constitution for I which they should petition , the people of colour presented a memorial to governor Hislop , who was the head of the faction on behalf of whom his hon . friend now applied , praying that they , too , might have liberty to approach his majesty , and to inform him that he had other subjects in the island of Trinidad besides the white inhabitants . This right , however , though requested in the most submissive terms , the governor dared to refuse to the people of colour , and such was the awe in which they stood of the formidable oligarchy of the island , that they did not presume farther to complain.—To prove the hardships under which the people of colour laboured , and that sound policy called for an alteration of the system , which was less oppressive in the Spanish and Portuguese islands than in any other , the hon . and learned gentleman proceeded to read extracts from several authors on the subject . The Spanish law was the law of the island at the time of the capture , and its continuance was guaranteed to the inhabitants . The present was an attempt to take the management of the island from under the observation of the legislature of this country , that the planters might be enabled to carry , on the slave trade with impunity . This was what the House would not countenance , notwithstanding the statement of his hon . friend.—He proceeded to state that the printer alluded to , and who was said to have been sent to a dungeon , had been guilty of exciting mutiny ; and that the faction of whom he had already spoken , finding that they could not overcome the constancy of the chief judge in his resolution to do his duty , took on themselves to seize on the sovereign authority , and to abrogate the judge 's office , in consequence of which he was now on his way to this country , where he hoped he would soon have an opportunity of meeting his enemies in a court of justice . The Spanish Schedula , to which reference had been made , he had no hesitation in declaring , had received the