do lie on the table , and stated , that he heartily concurred in the object of the prayer , and that his opinion was as strong as it had ever been , confirmed , not weakened by reflection and experience , that there was no chance of salvation to the political interests of the country , except through a Reform in Parliament . did not mean to oppose the petition being received , although he had some doubts in his own mind as to the legality of the meeting at which it had been agreed to . The high sheriff had convened a meeting of the inhabitants of Kent only—by which means a 566 number of persons who were freeholders , though not inhabitants , were prevented from attending at Maidstone , where the meeting was held . Therefore , he conceived , that this petition did not speak the sense of the great body of Kentish freeholders . He certainly had been at that meeting—but his hon . colleague ( Mr. Honywood ) was debarred , by illness , from attending . His son , however , had , on be-half of his father , expressed his willingness to present the Petition . He need not state , particularly , what had occurred at that meeting , as the newspapers gave a full and accurate account . He again observed , that although he did not mean to object to the Petition , still he denied that , it contained the sentiments of the majority of the Kentish freeholders . observed , that the meeting was one of the inhabitants , not the freeholders exclusively of the county of Kent ; and on this account he had himself felt some scruple at attending , in consequence of his not being a resident in the county . He had read the report of the proceedings , and in it he conceived there were some excellent speeches in favour of reform , and others , as he conceived , not so excellent , against it . In looking at the signatures to the Petition , he saw also the names of many , to his own knowledge , most respectable persons , and was satisfied that the prevailing sentiment in the county accorded with his own , that a reform was essential to the best interests of the country . declared himself happy to see this Petition presented to the House , because it sought for a constitutional object in a constitutional manner , and was drawn up in the most proper and decorous language . These were the true means of recovering for the people their undoubted rights . Much difference of opinion had unquestionably prevailed among those who were the most anxious for the accomplishment of this great end ; but he could say , that any difference which might have occurred between himself and others on this subject arose from his having modelled his ideas by the standard of the constitution , rather than by any theoretical doctrines of original or primitive rights . If , however , the sense of the counties and the opinions of the inhabitants of the kingdom at large , was not so decisive and unequivocal as he believed it to be in favour of parliamentary reform , still he conceived it to be the 567 bounden duty of the House , when a great evil was pointed out , the existence of which was not to be disputed , the existence of which was not to be disputed , to take measures for its removal . It was their duty , whether petitioned or not by the people , to do what was no less necessary to their own honour than the people 's rights . He was filled with a conviction that a reform was indispensible , and that the future prosperity of the empire was deeply involved in its adoption . He had risen , however , principally for the purpose of mentioning the circumstances that had induced him to decline pressing the motion of which he had given notice , this session already approaching to a close .