the substance of which was , that a person of large landed property in the country , from some motives or other , had given notice to certain of his tenants to pay him their rents , now due , at Midsummer , in gold ; but he further heard , that this person had either insinuated or expressed , that if he should take Bank notes in such payment , he should only take them at the rate of 16 shillings in the pound ! But if it were for 19 shillings and sixpence , or any deterioration or depreciation , it could not be of much importance with respect to the principle . What might be the consequence of such a procedure ? In the first place , it would be a gross injustice towards the tenants . Suppose one of these owed him 400l . sterling , would it be just to call on him to pay , 500l . in the shape of Bank notes ? For such might be the effect . But he would go farther , and ask , if such landlord received notes in that 763 way , what was he to do with them ? Suppose he owed his coach-maker the sum of five hundred pounds , would he pay those notes at the rate of sixteen shillings in the pound , and so put 100l . in the coachmaker 's pocket ? Money which he had just taken out of the pocket of his tenant ! Suppose the example of the person to whom he alluded , were to be followed to any extent during the recess of parliament , what a series of calamities must ensue ! And this at a period when the legislature could not interfere . Evils which it would be beyond its power subsequently to remedy . Cases like those of the French assignats might occur ; evils , he repeated , might ensue , which it would be beyond the power of parliament to relieve or rectify . The plan which he submitted on a former evening would have obviated all such evils as he contemplated , and by establishing a system of transfer , the principle of a legal tender might safely be adopted . But , when once paper was depreciated , it would be impracticable to restore it to its original value . Let the great cases of America and France be looked to for the illustration . The national paper of America was at one time at a loss of 97 percent , verifying the simile of Tom Paine , who said , that when Congress first issued its paper , it was like a very large snow-ball , but which from the very warm hands it passed through , returned to them no bigger than a nut . But in the case of France , the hands the national paper went through were much warmer , as their paper , at one time , could be purchased at the rate of 7s , per cent. ! We should look with care and caution to our own national paper . To speak figuratively , he regarded the Bank of England at one of the bottom planks of the ship of England ; if we permitted it to be bored through , we risked the whole vessel . The Bill he was about to propose , would guard against such an evil . He hoped when ministers came to consider his measure , they would know better what to do when it should come to a second reading . He begged leave to observe , that when a person proposed any thing , it generally became a consideration , whether or not he had any interest in what he recommended . With respect to himself , there were several malicious lies afloat . It was reported he was in debt 100,000l . and that if what he adverted to were to take place , it would operate to his injury . Fortunately , he owed nothing to any body . It was also 764 said of him , that he intended