his 156 decided opposition . He then referred to a book which bad been often quoted in the course of this discussion , and of which he thought most highly , that of the earl of Liverpool on coins . His lordship in one passage seemed to have foreseen the system which was now supported . He says that some persons fancy they have discovered that the gold and silver might safely be sent out of the country , and a paper currency substituted . This practice , however , went directly to encourage over trading , and to the exercise of unworthy artifices to support the credit of ruined adventurers . In every commercial country , capital was absolutely necessary , and coins should be made and kept as perfectly as possible to the standard . Lord Liver pool seemed in this publication to have foreseen that a time would come when persons would contend that the way to carry on wars was to send the gold out of the country , and in the place of it to adopt a , paper circulation . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to state his Amendment , which was in substance , `` That it was highly important that the Bank restriction should be removed at as early a period as possible , and that during the continuaiion of it , it was the duty of the Directors to regulate their issues , on the principles upon which they were governed , while they were obliged to make cash payments . '' He should certainly object to naming a day upon which the Bank should be obliged to resume its payments , but he wished to lay down some principles by which he Bank might understand the meaning of the House . He thought it if the House now laid down such a principle , they would do all that was at present necessary to be done . He believed that a gentle hint would be quite sufficient to the Bank Directors . Hitherto , they were warranted it conceiving that it was the wish of parliament that they should make abundant issues . Since the restriction , the public had borrowed from them two separate sums of three millions each , without interest . What could the Bank judge from this , but that it was expected that they should make abundant issues ? Before the restriction , they conducted themselves on the sound , honest principles of banking ; and refused an advance of money to Mr. Pitt , even in his plenitude of power , although he stated it to be absolutely necessary for some operations in the Austrian war . At that time , the necessary care of their own interests obliged them to refuse 157 him ; and he hoped that they would again return to the sound principles of banking , and no longer suppose , that it was understood , that government and themselves were to participate in all the advantages which could be made of forcing a paper currency upon this country , in the place of the lawful money of the realm . Such a declaration as he had stated in the Amendment he had read , would in his opinion lay the foundation of retracing our steps , and recovering from the evils which were obvious , and which were confessed by all sides . This course he conceived better than fixing a day for the resumption of cash payments , and much better than the set of Resolutions submitted by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) , who proposed no remedy at all . The right hon . gent . concluded by moving the Amendment which he had stated in his speech . rose and said : I should not probably have troubled the House at so late a period of the discussion , after the doctrines contained in the Bullion Report , had been so ably refuted by several respectable members , had I not been personally alluded to in the course of these debates , by an hon . gent .