his Bill related to probationers . He had , on that point , proposed that six persons should sign their belief of the sober and exemplary life , of the capacity , & c. of the individual . What test could be more moderate ? His object was to follow up the principles of the toleration laws , which never meant , that any person should assume to himself the privilege of a preacher and teacher , and exercise such important functions without some attestations . Any person under the Bill might then be chosen , nay , he might be said even to choose himself , if he procured such attestations . He confessed he did , confidently , but as he had found , vainly , expect that he should have had the consent of all sects and descriptions , who felt what was due to the purity , sanctity , and dignity of religion . All he was apprehensive of was , that some friends to , the established Church might think the Bill would be inefficient for what was requisite ; but he never thought that any-Protestant Dissenter would consider it inconsistent with the wise and just enactments of the toleration laws . He learned that in the customs of dissenters , probation was necessary for the proof of the gifts requisite for the ministerial office . Therefore he had merely proposed that three Dissenting Preachers should sign a testimony in the probationer 's favour . In our own Church , by our Ecclesiastical laws , there were certain probations and attestations to 240 be made . A deacon must have the testimonials , of three clergymen to his life , gifts , & c. His name must also be read three times in church . He did not mean to say that this always prevented improper introductions , but that such were the precautions that were observed by law.—Though he had received much information on the subject , no man should be placed by him in an unpleasant situation '' by his stating his name , though there were noble lords present who knew what in-formation he had received . From the Itinerant Methodists , of whom he did not wish to speak disrespectfully , he had grounds on which he expected their approbation . He had formed his opinion from those of magistrates and respectable gentlemen of various descriptions . Objections had been started at first by his noble friend , for whom he had much respect ( lord Holland ) who seemed to think that any man had a right to take on him-self the office of teacher on making the Declarations , & c. and that it was not a question for the legislature to take up . He would say that this opinion was utterly inconsistent with the meaning of the Toleration Act . That Act , right wrong , was a measure of condition . He never could agree to those broad principles . But in some respects , he thought those laws intolerant ; where for instance they limited religious doctrines . His noble friend had called the Toleration Act the palladium of religious liberty . What did he admire in it ? Its beneficent effects , he had said , in its providing freedom of worship . Could he deny that it was differently acted upon in different counties ? In proportion to his admiration of it , his wish should be to render its operation universal . It was not so at present '' . There was no case , wherein , when ; the licence had been refused , the party had , at least for many years , resorted to the court of King's-bench . He went to another county . Thus , there was a different interpretation in counties bordering upon each other : let the benefit , therefore , be made universal . If this measure were improper , come at once to the assertion of the broad principle , and try to alter the laws in that way . That broad principle had never existed in any age or in any country