to make , from making any legal tender . `` Bank notes can not , by act of parliament , be made a legal tender , without the most manifest injustice ; for a man who might be perfectly willing to accept a bank note for a debt due to him , may very fairly object to any individual note ( especially if a worn note ) from the impossibility of his being certain that it is not a forged one . `` My grand object , though not the only one , is , to establish a mode of making payments , which shall enable parliament , when they shall think fit , to enact a new species of legal tender . `` First , I propose that the bank of Eng-land shall , as is the case in Scotland , have many branches , in various parts of the country and of the metropolis . `` Secondly , That the bank shall cause books to be opened in all those places . `` Thirdly , That persons , possessed of bank notes , shall be intitled upon depositing such notes , to have a credit in the bank book , at the place where such deposit is made , equal to the value of the said notes . 741 `` Fourthly , That every person having such credit , so entered to his account , in any one place , as aforesaid , shall be entitled to transfer the whole of such sum , or any part thereof , to his own account , or to that of any other person , at any place , where any such bank book is kept . `` Fifthly , As , under proper management such entries and transfers can not ever be forged ; there would be no injustice , if such a transfer were , by law , to be made a legal tender . `` The rapidity of such transfers with out any danger of loss , from the mail being robbed , or from insurrections , or other consequences of an invasion , must be felt by your lordship as a great additional recommendation of this plan . I have the honour to be with great respect , my lord , & c STANHOPE . '' thought that the three shilling tokens being so near in value to half crowns would be scarcely distinguishable from them , and that some confusion would thence arise . stated , that these tokens were rendered wholly different in their appearance from half crowns , and might be easily distinguished from them . rose to make some observations respecting the Petition of Mr. Finnerty , which had been presented to the House on Friday . The hon . gentleman said he rose for the purpose of vindicating the magistracy of the county of Lincoln from any imputations which the allegations contained in that Petition might have a tendency to excite . He spoke , then , generally of them as a body of gentlemen every way worthy of the trust reposed in them . He next adverted to the severe and cruel treatment which Mr. Finnerty complained of having received from the gaoler . He affirmed , on the contrary , that the treatment had been most kind and indulgent , till the impropriety of Mr. Finnerty 's conduct had rendered a more rigorous sort of treatment absolutely necessary . As to the apartment of which so much had been said , he had been in it . It was a room 22 feet by 11 , and 16 feet high . There was one window of 4 feet by 4½ feet ; and when ht was there , he did not perceive 742 any offensive smell . He upon that occasion saw Mr. Finnerty in the court-yard . ; and he then understood , that until Mr. Finnerty had forfeited all title to any indulgence by the impropriety of his conduct , he not only had free access to the court-yard , but was allowed to walk in the gaoler 's garden , and had liberty to read in the