Militia officer would feel , that , to the attainment of so grand a national object , all personal , and therefore , inferior , objects of convenience ought to yield . There should , in his opinion , be no more distinction between England and Ireland than between Lincoln and York . thought the length of the war had already rendered the militia service irksome , but the present measure would make it disgusting . He did not know if ministers were prepared to do away qualifications entirely , but he was satisfied that the present measure would go far to render that necessary . thought that here a temporary evil was to be endured when likely to produce a permanent good . objected to the present Bill , as giving to his Majesty the right of sending a whole regiment over to Ireland without any officer whatever above a Serjeant ; in which case , he asked , could it any longer be considered as a regiment of militia ? If this species of force was only to retain the name , and to lose the essence , all the advantages resulting from it must fall to the ground . The alternative was by this put to every officer in the militia , either to go to Ireland when called on , or to resign . He must protest against this measure as being the last step in the conversion of the militia force of the country into one of a very different description . He hoped the right hon . Secretary of State would not hurry the Bill through the House , and that he would not move for its being committed before that day se'nnight , in order that the officers of the Militia might have time to peruse the Bill . expected no advantage would be found to result from its being so long postponed . He thought the House would be as well prepared to decide on the merits of the case by Monday , as by the time proposed . The more it was canvassed and considered , the more he was confident , it would be approved . It might be satisfactory to the House to know that he had in his possession offers from 295 various regiments to serve in Ireland . One objection started to the measure was , that it would expose the officers to greater expences than they would otherwise be liable to bear . This was not correct . Whether they took the case of an officer leaving his family at home , and being in consequence obliged to sustain the expence of visiting them , or that of an officer being at the charge of taking his family with him , still it would be found , that the expence and inconveniences to which they would be exposed , were less than those which they already experienced , as the law now stood , and the distance which they would be taken from their homes less than that to which they were at present liable to be marched . The only inconvenience ( if there were any inconvenience at all ) , was the few hours sail which they must have on their way from the one country to the other . Leave of absence would be then as easily obtained as now , and the discipline of the Militia would not be likely to suffer by the alteration . It had been said on a former night , that the Irish Militia in England were to be exactly in the same situation as they were in Ireland . The Bill , however , contained one clause which legally be construed into a provision of the nature required . Even that , though , he contended was not necessary , because the situation of the Militias , interchanged by a Bill of this sort , would ( unless provision were made to the contrary ) be the same as if they had remained at home . Under all the circumstances , it was not his intention to introduce any provisions of the nature recommended , for