the case , he thought it his duty not to loss a moment in coming down to the House , to give a notice on the subject ; and he had only brought forward the case of Taylor as an instance that something was necessary to be done . Finding , however , that the case of a Local Militia-man did not perhaps sufficiently apply to the case of the general adoption of the punishment of Flogging throughout the main body of the army , he had given up that case , and thought it best to proceed on the motion which he should have the honour , before he sat down , to submit to the House , There were other reasons which urged him much to come forward with it . The press had been treated with uncommon-severity on account of mentioning the disgraceful punishment of flogging our soldiers . Very severe sentences had been passed on two public writers for having said that these degrading punishments in our army had— spoke to order , and Was proceeding to comment on the speech of sir Francis Burdett , when spoke to order , and said , that if the hon . baronet who spoke last was allowed to proceed in that way , he would move that the debate be adjourned . said , that sir M. Wood had not shewn that the hon . baronet whom he had interrupted , was out of order ; he must do that , and not comment on the hon . baronet 's speech . then moved that the gallery be cleared . then gave notice that he would constantly move an adjournment so long as sir M. Wood persisted in excluding strangers . [ The gallery was then ordered to be cleared ; but when most of the strangers had withdrawn they were readmitted . ] ( on our readmission into the gallery ) was speaking . In the view that he took of this subject he was sanctioned by the opinions of many general officers , and persons who had eminently distinguished themselves in the service of their country . Many of those officers not only agreed with him in theory , but had proved in practice , and in the discipline of their own corps , that the system of flogging was not essential to the discipline of the English army , and that it was as unnecessary as it was cruel and disgraceful . Among the many bright examples of officers who knew how to maintain proper discipline in their regiments without flogging , he thought it would be injustice not to mention the illustrious name of his royal highness the duke of Gloucester , who far the last three years had kept his regiment in a high state of discipline without having recourse to flogging ; and it appeared to him that his conduct in this respect did equal credit to his abilities as an officer , as it did to the amiable qualities of his heart . He was sorry to be obliged to state another most remarkable instance of the inefficacy of pursuing an opposite line of conduct . He must say that the 15th regiment of dragoons was a regiment long distinguished for its efficiency in the field , and for its peaceable , modest , and proper demeanour in every respect , before his royal highness the duke of Cumberland got the command of it . Until that time , punishments of this nature had seldom been known in it ; and it was a melancholy fact to state , that more cruel punishments had taken place within . a very few months after the duke of Cumberland was appointed to the command , than had taken place in that re- 700 giment ever since the period of the seven years ' war , down to the time in which he had got the command of it . The excellent pamphlet of sir Robert Wilson upon this subject , was , as he supposed , in the hands of every member ; and therefore he should content himself with stating , generally