free to confess , that if he had been a juryman on those trials , he thought that he should have given the same verdict on the evidence produced at those trials ; but was that to wash away , and carry to the grave , all that immense mass of evidence , and the many written documents which were produced at the bar of the House ? Was there any proof then given , that any person on whose testimony those charges had mainly been supported was unworthy of credit in a court of justice ? He could see no reason to change the opinion which he had then formed , and therefore , he should not now change his vote . He conceived that a vote in favour of the conduct of ministers upon the present occasion would be hurtful to the constitution , and disgraceful to the House of Commons . It was generally understood at the time , that a vote of censure was only suspended by the resignation of his royal highness . Under these circumstances it was hardly to be conceived that ministers would have been hardy enough to have proposed his re-appointment . thought it necessary for him to take his share of responsibility upon this occasion , and state shortly his reasons for advising the reappointment . Much labour , however , had been spared him by what had fallen from his right hon . friend , ( Mr. Bathurst ) . His right hon . friend had truly stated , that no resolutions which passed the House , or which had any chance of being agreed to , implied that the duke of York was never at any future time to return to an official situation . It had , indeed , been expressly stated by the right hon . gent . at that time , that 494 if his royal highness could be advised at that time to retire from office , it would afford a facility for his return to it at a future time . The hon . gentleman who spoke last had stated , that no circumstances had occurred since that investigation which ought to change the judgment of the House . He believed , however , that not only the opinions in that House , but the impression on the public mind , had been very materially changed upon the subject since that time . If the evidence had been delivered upon oath at that bar , he would have a right to say that the cause was supported by subornation of perjury . Such was the language of a noble lord ( Ellenborough ) who tried the actions ; and who added , that if the evidence had been on oath , an indictment for subornation of perjury would he against the person `` ho so suborned the witnesses . His opinion was not altered , for he never had believed a single word of what came from the infamous witnesses , unless when confirmed by other evidence . He was sure the public must have changed their sentiments on that subject , and that the re-appointment of the duke of York would be hailed by the country at large with satisfaction . Of this he was absolutely certain , that there was one portion of the public , he meant the army , who would be highly pleased at his return to power ; and yet it was the array that would have been degraded and injured by the corrupt practices imputed , if such practices had really existed . The right hon . gent , then read the evidence of lord Wellington in support of the merits of the duke of York as Commander-in-Chief . When it was necessary , then , to select a Commander-in-Chief , the most able to keep the army in the highest state of efficiency , he knew no person who could be a candidate for that high office whose claims would bear any comparison with those of his royal highness . He was ready to allow , that upon general principles , it would be more advisable