the profits of the said Bank , after defraying its expences and paying to the Proprietors of Bank Stock an annual dividend not exceeding such rate on their respective shares as , shall not be divided among the said `` proprietors , but shall accumulate as a fund for the security of their creditors , '' or subject to such future arrangement as shall on full consideration of the subject seem just and expedient . `` —His lordship gave notice , that if the Rider was adopted he should propose to fill up the blank either by the words— '' No . 1.—Was declared by the court in the two years preceding the year 1797 . '' Or , `` No . 2.—Was declared at the last meeting of the Court of Proprietors . '' said , that many observations had been made on the impropriety of producing this measure at so late a period of the session ; but as ministers were not the original authors of the Bill , the censure could not be fairly applied to them . When the noble lord first introduced the Bill , although be had supported 874 it with arguments , and had urged considerations which were highly deserving of attention , yet he must confess he did not feel persuaded of the policy of adopting-it . When for the last fourteen years the instance of the noble lord ( King ) was the only one in which bank-notes were refused to be taken at their nominal value , he did not perceive at first the necessity of taking so serious a step for the purpose of preventing that example from being followed . That noble lord 's motives might be good , but he conceived that there was a lex non scripta sed nata , which would lead men in general to decline imitating such a conduct . However that conduct had been extolled by the friends and supporters of that noble lord , they themselves had been hitherto content with praising it . As to the question of depreciation , he agreed in the definition given by a noble lord , that it was a fall of price , the word price being a relative term . He believed that two prices had not existed in this country prior to the recent discussions ; and there was a perfect equality between gold and paper , except with a view of melting or exportation . Although the banks of Scotland issued paper , which was convertible into gold , bad that paper risen to a premium above that of the Bank of England ? It was not extremely logical , in his judgment , to admit in the first instance , the operation of a variety of causes in producing a depreciation of the paper below the gold , and immediately to argue on the assumption that such a depreciation could arise only either from excess or discredit . With respect to the general rise of prices , taxes , he conceived , must be allowed to have a considerable effect . There were some , which perhaps had not that sort of tendency , such , for instance , as the income-tax , which had , probably , a contrary effect . The increasing , wealth of the country must have also greatly conduced to the general rise of prices . He held a table of prices in his hand , which he had reason to believe was correctly drawn up , and by which it appeared , that on the scale of the several last years , no regular proportion subsisted between the alterations in the prices of gold and of other commodities . There was one part of the question , which was generally admitted to be in the highest degree problematical , and involved ft point that could not be accurately ascertained , and that was the degree in which the velocity of circulation augmented or 875 diminished the whole amount requisite for circulation . So various and conflicting , indeed , were the opinions entertained , and particularly with respect to the remedy , on the