must know constitutionally what had passed in a former session of parliament ; and at any rate it was the duty of ministers to be acquainted with , these proceedings , and be guided in the advice they gave accordingly . It was also their duty to guard against any possibility of a dissension between the two Houses ; of which , if they fell short , they would be deserving of censure , instead of the commendation which , in his opinion , they merited for their conduct in this instance . The hon . gent . then alluded to his motions for Addresses on the subject of the grant of Places in Reversion , which he argued was not a case in any way parallel to the present , as the consent of the Crown would have rendered it complete without the Lords , and also as it was only a temporary measure . The present 353 was a case in which it was for ministers to exercise their discretion , and they had well done so . The Answer was gracious in respect to the House , and only made use of a necessary and prudent reserve , which , as faithful stewards , they were bound to use . Considering also the assertion of the `` sufficiency '' of the House of Commons , in the motion , to be untrue and completely unfounded , he would give his decided vote against it . with all the desire which he sincerely had to concur in the motion of his hon . friend , still found himself unable to do so , because the conviction which established custom had fixed upon his mind , remained unshaken . When he differed from his hon . friend on this subject , he still was firm on the point of preserving their privileges in case they should be attacked . Those privileges were given them for the benefit of the people : they were the safe-guard of the country ; and that House was bound to return them in safety to their representatives ; they should preserve them unshaken by the crown , unimpaired by the House of Lords , unencroached on even by the blind fury of the people themselves . If his hon . friend thought that ministers were attempting to tamper with those privileges , he ought not to have allowed a single day to interfere between the breach and the accusation . As to the precedents which had been adduced , if they were allowed to have any weight , they would go to affirm that the House of Commons would have a right to vote money bills altogether , without the check or control of the House of Lords . Three precedents had been quoted , which were founded in the reign of queen Anne . It was true , indeed , that the sums therein alluded to had been voted by a communication between the queen and the House of Commons , but the reason of this was obvious ; no application was necessary from the crown to the House of Lords for the grant of money , because the grant must constitutionally originate with the House of Commons.—Having delivered his opinion on the parliamentary law of the subject , he must also beg leave to give his judgment on the conduct of ministers . He could not help thinking that the right hon . gent . would have acted much more wisely , if he had lent a furthering hand to the decision of the House of Commons , when they had agreed that the money ought to be granted , instead of giving , as he had done , every possible opposition to 354 its effect . If such a principle was to be acted on , it must come to this : that the voles of the House would be considered omnipotent when they were given in support of the minister , and of no effect whatever when given against him . felt himself in a singular predicament ; because having formerly voted against the grant to Mr. Palmer , he