the execution , and the effort would endanger rather than support the establishment . The Church establishment was not intended for the King , because the people were not to be of his religion , but he was to be of the religion of the people . It was not for the court , or for fashionable persons exclusively , but for the people . It was upon this conviction that the kirk had been established in Scotland . If you were to attempt to introduce a church establishment upon any other ground , you could not possibly succeed ; you could not call it Christianity : it would be a church of ambition , of avarice , of bigotry , and intolerance ; a church baptized in the iniquities of mankind , and wickedly apostatising from God ; a church bearing the vices and the policy of man in one hand , and the people and God in the other . In a political sense , the Irish hold every thing by the same tenure as their fellow-subject in England ; the landlord and tenant claim equally by virtue of Act of Settlement . If the government of England chose to say that the church of Ireland is not to be secured by law—by the allegiance of the people—by the coincidence between the people and their liberties , but by the title of right and claim of conquest—if they so chose to blaspheme their title , they must then come to this—they must pause to consider between the laws of God and the policy of man ; they must put their own wisdom into one scale , and in the other , to be weighed against it , place the Almighty ! For the reasons which I have stated , therefore , and upon all these various considerations , I submit it to the good sense and justice of the House , that such remaining penalties and incapacities , as attach upon the Catholics , shall be removed , that we may unite them with ourselves in a common feeling in a common cause . I freely admit that if there should recur a period when a French pope might occupy the pontifical chair , it would be necessary to guard against the exercise of his influence in the nomination of bishops . This , however , is an additional reason , I conceive , to induce the House to go into a Committee , in which this particular I branch of the constitution may be fairly discussed . I shall ever be as earnest as any man in my wishes and exertions to prevent the chaos and horrors of foreign invasion , or foreign domination . It has been asserted , that what the Catholics 381 claim is of little value . This is a poor argument against acceding to it . If one person robbed another , would it be any defence of his honesty to urge that what he had stolen was of little value to the owner ? I know there were some , who are for entering into certain stipulations with the Catholics—this is foolish . You can never gain any thing with a people by conditions : it is the silliest thing on earth to think of conciliating men by merchandizing their claims . Many there are , too , I know , who imagine that the Irish Catholic is indifferent as to the fate of these demands . That is , however , not the question—you have no right to ask them whether they desire , but ask yourselves whether it is justice to grant . If you really think them so careless on the subject , all you have established by the argument is this , `` We , by our bad government , have so debilitated you , so broken your hearts and debased your spirits , that even liberty has become of no account amongst yon ! '' Will this be a matter of boast to England ? But liberty is not to be made the creature of circumstance or condition . England ought to know this . What