be no doubt of the disposition of government to thank lord Wellington for his achievements ; of which he was certain , that noble commander was perfectly acquainted . No thanks voted to General Beresford could interfere with the honour so justly due to lord Wellington . expressed his sincere and hearty concurrence in the testimony to the valour , skill , and perseverance displayed by general sir W. Beresford and his army . Their thanks he should have considered most worthily earned , had the battle been merely a grand assertion of the valour and dignity of the British name and character . On the general subject of the thanks of Parliament , of which he thought the value could not be kept up too high , he observe , that it had of late come too much into practice to exercise too great a latitude . There was a danger in this , because ministers might make use of them to gain parliamentary approbation of expeditions of their own , which were rash and improvident , though the officers employed displayed all those merits , which , as far as they were concerned , deserved a grateful return . In the present instance , however , there were no grounds of this nature on which suspicion could rest . It was another victory , which shewed to the world that the gallant officers and soldiers of our army were the worthy comrades of those who , on every sea , had proclaimed our naval glories . He was happy to see that cordiality as well as steady bravery , in the Spaniards ; which cordiality , from some causes or other , had , unfortunately , not been displayed on any former occasion . He trusted it would lead to farther proofs of its efficacy ; and that the excellent opportunities it must afford would not be lost , now that the war was , in fact , beginning daily to assume a more important appearance . It was with regret he alluded to our not having taken more effectual steps at an earlier period , to conciliate the Spanish mint ! , and to infuse into it a greater degree of confidence in us . agreed with the noble earl who spoke last , that great and extraordinary services , when frequently repeated , became less striking . There was nothing however in the present proceeding that could possibly have such an effect , as that alluded to with respect to lord Wellington : 515 and it was unnecessary for him to say that be most cordially supported the motion of his noble friend . said , after what had been so ably stated , he could have but little to add . In all that was said in the way of unqualified praise , he most cordially concurred . But there was one point , more especially , upon which the illustrious officer in question deserved the applause of the country . He alluded to the high degree of improvement in discipline to which the Portuguese troops had arrived under his auspices . Of this part of the subject he had some knowledge , from his own personal experience . He was aware of the difficulties he had to encounter , and he knew better than some of their lordships the state in which general Beresford must have found the troops of that country . It was impossible he could adequately express his sense of that officer 's merits on this head , or what the country owed to him for such an essential service . He hailed this striking improvement in the discipline and conduct of the Portuguese troops as a most auspicious omen for the Peninsula at large , and for the common cause . He felt it must operate as a most beneficial example to the Spaniards . He could not speak in terms of sufficient praise of the general conduct of the action at Albuera , either with respect to the skill , gallantry or spirit , displayed by every individual engaged on the occasion . He was bold to say that