principles that had governed their conduct in all legislative enactments ? In the first place , a most scrupulous and sacred regard for the rights of property , an invariable abstinence from all interference in private concerns , or contracts of every sort formed between individuals , inviolable preservation of good faith , and constant attention to avoid giving to laws any retrospective operation . The measure before the House proceeded in defiance of all those principles , indeed actually subverted them all . It infringed the just and legitimate rights of property . It violated the obligation of all contracts entered into between debtors and creditors , and its operation was altogether retrospective . The Bill provided , in the first clause , that persons being in possession of the legal coin of the realm should not be permitted to part with it at its real value ; that such property should not be suffered to find its true level ; in the next place , that persons being possessed of the notes or bills of the Bank should not part with them in such manner as they thought most conducive to their own interests ; in other words , that Bank-notes should not be paid or received for less than their nominal value , and that guineas should not be paid or received for more than their nominal value , when exchanged with such notes . Independent of the gross injustice of thus invading the right of the people to dispose of their property as they think fit , was there any thing so preposterous as to attempt , by an act of parliament , to determine the value of a promissory note , or any other paper security ? That value could alone depend upon the opinion of mankind , and the confidence reposed in the promise expressed upon the face of such note . The paper had no intrinsic value in itself ; its value was in the belief entertained by the people that the Bank , which issued such securities , were willing and able to make good its promises . Not less absurd was it to pretend to enact , that gold should not find its true value . No human power could prevent it paper 1081 notes and gold would find their level , in spite of all the acts of parliament that could be passed . This Bill was said to be introduced in consequence of an opinion declared , that Bank-notes did not now possess a real value equal to their nominal , and a demand therefore made by a creditor to be paid , pursuant to his contract , in the legal coin of the realm , or in Bank-notes equal in real value to the sum due in such good and lawful money . In considering the provisions of this Bill , he would weve for a moment the dispute about the value of Bank-notes , and would ask the gentlemen opposite whether they would not admit that it was at least possible that Bank-notes might be depreciated ; that their real value might sink below their nominal ? He was sure they could not do otherwise than admit the possibility of such a case , and he would therefore suppose such an event to have actually happened . He would suppose an excessive depreciation to have taken place , such as rendered the fact indisputable , manifest to all the world , allowed equally by debtors and creditors ; in such a situation of things , he would suppose , what was not very improbable , an amicable agreement to be entered into between debtors and creditors , and the debtors willing to pay their creditors ( in the absence of gold coin ) depreciated Bank-notes according to their real value , so as to make an equivalent for the sum they owed in the legal coin of the country . He would then put it to the right hon . gentlemen opposite , and he would put it to the House , to consider whether it could be really their intention to pass an act of parliament