give , therefore , to the Catholic Militia-man , when in this country , only the same privileges as he possesses in Ireland , was to leave him subject to a punishment by law for refusing to attend the service of the established church . He endeavoured to remove this great injustice by the amendment which he proposed to the Mutiny Bill , when last before this House ; the reasons for adopting a clause such as he now proposed , were still stronger than any which 366 be could urge in favour of that amendment . By this Bill Catholics are compelled by the ballot to serve in the Irish Militia , and those who may be hereafter admitted into the militia are compelled to serve in England . All persons entering into the army by enlistment did so with their eyes open , and knowing the restraints to which they would be subject.—But this Bill was one which compelled the service of the Irish Catholics in England . Was it not then but just to make provision in such a Bill that he should at least enjoy , in reward for his service , the unquestionable right of exercising his religion according to the ceremonies of his own church.—But the House should observe , that the Catholic soldier would not enjoy the same protection under a general order of the commander in chief in this country as he does in Ireland . Ireland being a Catholic country , he had there every facility of attending the places of Catholic worship . He was also sure of protection and redress in case the orders of the commander in chief were isolated . Here , on the contrary , places of Catholic worship were but few , and if a commanding officer thought proper to disregard the general order , there would be no chance of his injuries being known or redressed . Besides , proceeding by a general order was very objectionable , as it was an Act dispensing with the law of the land . The Mutiny Act makes it legal to punish the soldier for refusing to attend the Protestant church service . The general order says , that pars of the law shall not be enforced . What was this but to dispense with an act of parliament and to violate the Bill of Rights ? It was also to be objected to this way of proceeding , that there was no probability that it would afford the Catholic a permanent and effectual security . The repetition of these orders proved their failure to do that which they were designed to do . In Ireland there had been four general orders of commanders of the forces since 1S07 . Each successive order referred to the violation of the preceding one , and thus proved their inefficacy . An hon . bart . ( sir J. C. Hippesley ) who was absent through indisposition , had authorised him to say , that in the western district of this kingdom , four successive orders had been issued at his instance , and each of them had failed to give the Catholic protection.—Under all these circumstances , therefore , he should submit the following clause to the House , as the only way by which 367 complete security could be given to the Catholic for the full and free exercise of his religion . `` And be it further enacted , that it shall and may be lawful for all persons professing the Roman Catholic religion , serving as commissioned and non-commissioned officers , drummers and private men , in any regiment , battalion or corps of Irish Militia , which shall be called upon to serve in Great Britain , to attend the celebration of divine service , according to the ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church , in as foil and free a manner as Protestants ( being officers or soldiers ) are now permitted to attend the celebration of divine service according to the rites of the Church of England.—And that no such commissioned , or non-commissioned officer , or private man in any regiment ,