appointing Catholic chaplains to the regiments . contended , that the Catholic soldier had been protected in the exercise of his faith , in consequence of the order of the commander in chief . was of opinion , the Catholics could not exercise their form of worship in many of the counties of England for want of Priests . He believed that the regiment of Tipperary , composed as they were , nine-tenths of Catholics , would not be secure in their worship . having the honour to command the regiment alluded to , wished to state , that he had communicated with the officers of his regiment upon the subject , and desired them to state , for the information of the soldiers , the debates upon the measure . The result of that communication was an unanimous desire , on the part of the regiment , to extend their services to England , satisfied that they would experience protection in their worship in the fullest degree . supported the clause . considered that the religion of the Catholics was perfectly secure without the clause of the hon . gent . which would not , if adopted , give any additional security . insisted , that the Bill being compulsory , parliament were bound to insure protection to their religious rights , which the order of the commander in chief did not insure , because that order was revocable at pleasure . denied that the Bill provided for the exercise of worship by an order of the commander in chief otherwise than as acted upon in Ireland . The right hon . gent . stated , that five or six other regiments , in addition to the Tipperary , had offered their services , convinced that in England they should be perfectly secure . supported the clause , and Mr. Bankes opposed it . contended , that the object of the proposed Clause was not the appointment of Roman Catholic chaplains to the several Irish regiments , as was apprehended , but to secure to the Roman Catholic soldier the free exercise of his religious opinions , not only by the permission of attendance , at reasonable times , at the service of his own communion , but to secure him also from a compulsive attendance at the service of the Established Church ; and this latter provision he pressed most seriously on the attention of the House , as it militated much stronger against the feelings of Catholics to be compelled to attend such a service , than to be prevented from assisting at their own . The canons of their church ; the reserpts of sovereign pontiffs , and the injunctions of their bishops and pastors , were uniformly opposed to their appearance at places of worship of another communion , and these regulations are enforced by the practical censures of their church . If it be contended that Catholics do not complain to their commanding officers , it does not follow that they do not . feel : —complaint on the part of the private soldier , we must be aware , might often expose him to serious difficulties.—The clause moved by his hon . friend was in fact a part of the memorable bill introduced in 1807 , by a noble earl ( Grey ) who now enjoyed a seat in another House , and we know that the only avowed objection taken to that bill was the unlimited extent of a provision to empower his Majesty to grant military 457 commissions to any of his Majesty 's liege subjects , who should take and subscribe to the proposed oath and declaration . The enactment in favour of religious freedom of worship was proposed to be secured , not only by permission to the soldier , of whatever religious communion , dissenting from the church of England , to attend , at seasonable times , the public service of his own communion , but also that he should not be compelled to attend the religious service of the establishment ; and those provisions were likewise secured by exposing any commissioned officer acting in violation of