in instruction : `` That if any question should be raised about the Act of Settlement , and limiting the succession of the Crown to the Protestant line : Dr. Hussey will not permit that sub- 400 ject to be discussed , because we acknowledge no authority to interfere with the succession of our kings , but the law of the land , the authority of which law we have already solemnly acknowledged by our oath of allegiance . '' The original entries of the proceedings of the Committee were in the hands of Mr. Butler , and with whom Sir J. H. said he had himself carefully examined them , and though again naming that gentleman , —he thought it scarcely necessary to pronounce his eulogy in the presence of so many of his professional friends , —who had long known and esteemed his high character in the profession and as a man . Nevertheless the name and character of Mr. Butler , had been most wantonly and injuriously held out to the public in a recent publication of Dr. Milner , entitled `` A Letter to a Roman Catholic Prelate of Ireland . '' The right honourable Civilian ( Dr. Duigenan , ) would not be displeased at Sir J. H. 's animadversions on the conduct of Dr. Milner , whom , on a former occasion , he had defended , and he should be still as ready to defend him when injuriously attacked , as he had then been by the right honourable civilian himself , on the subject of a work of the soundest argument , and ' which was calculated to appease as much as Dr. M. 's late productions tended to inflame , the prejudices of the public , as applicable to this great question of sound national wisdom and policy . proceeded to remark more particularly on the late publication of Dr. Milner , as contrasted to his former declarations on the subject of the Veto , —referring to his correspondence with cardinal Borgia , when at the head of the college of Propaganda fide , who had expressly admitted , as Dr. M. had avowed , the principle of the negaive interference of the crown . Sir J. H. referred also to his own communications on the same subject , as he had before stated in the debate of last year , on the same question . The principle of the royal negative had been universally acted upon , in every state on the continent , where the actual nomination of the sovereign was not in practice . It had been said that there were no instances were the sovereigns of states , not Catholic , interfered in the appointments of the Prelacy , or other clergy of the Roman church , in their respective dominions ; except where great temporal fiefs passed with this appointment ; the assertion was un- 401 true . In Russia , where the Catholic prelates were expressly nominated by the sovereign , the coadjutor bishops , who respectively succeeded to the bishoprics , derived no support , but from , salaries from the crown . But on this part of the subject he would remind the House of what had been before stated in the debate of last year , and of the documents , which , in consequence , had been laid before the public * —The principle of the interference of the crown , in a wider extent than it could be desirable to exercise it , it was well known had been fully admitted by the four Roman Catholic metropolitan and six senior Irish bishops in the year 1799 . `` It was just ( say they ) , and ought to be agreed to . '' In the resolution of the synod in Dublin , in 1808 , they declared only that it was then `` inexpedient to introduce any alteration . '' That inexpediency was explained by their Primate , archbishop Reilly , to I have related only to `` existing circumstances , and of a `` temporary nature . '' In 1810 , the Irish Catholic bishops again met in