and laws Were not established as in this country . Another regulation in this ordinance , was , that no one but the master or his steward should be entitled to execute the sentence . Not even in the presence of the master could any beyond a certain number of lashes be imposed ; and even the degree of force was limited . No contusion or effusion of blood was tolerated ; if any such took place , that was esteemed a misdemeanour ; and if repeated , the slave was taken from under the controul and protection of his master . Such was the ordinance to which Mr. Smith applied the epithet of an almost divine code . He ( Mr. Brougham ) had only one objection to it , it was too mild—too near perfection—he was afraid it was scarcely human—and he doubted if it was in human nature always to stop short in punishment , so as to avoid even a contusion . It was enough for his argument , however , and it went to tear up by the roots the argument of his hon . and learned friend . This being the state of the law in the Spanish colonies , it was now proposed to change this law , and to introduce a different system , by which a brother slave was to scourge his fellow , and to give him any number of lashes not exceeding two hundred . There was one case mentioned in the papers before the House , at the very idea of which every 616 person must recoil , and must shudder to think that he belonged to the same race with the being who inflicted the punishment ; not only was he not the master or the driver , but he was the brother to the unfortunate victim ! Was it for this that the House were Called on to give up the Schedula which Mr. Smith admired ? Were they to depart from this model of perfection , and in its place to adopt that under which Mr. Huggins scourged to death this miserable being , and was acquitted on evidence which could not have proved satisfactory to any but to the twelve slave drivers by whom he was tried and was acquitted . When we talked of English law , we talked of it by reference to English judges , to English juries , and to English feeling and principles . He could not allow this man who could inflict such a punishment to be an Englishman . It was a mockery to talk of transplanting the English law to the West Indies when only the name was carried thither , and all the true English feeling was left behind . Then the law of England served only as the engine of fraud and oppression , rendered doubly disgraceful , because carried on under the pretence of law and justice . This was under the pretence of justice to the whites , to load the other miserable wretches with oppression unbounded . His hon . and learned friend talked as if men of colour were allowed to be witnesses in our West India colonies . His hon . and learned friend might by some of those magical changes of which he himself talked , have become a Spanish lawyer , but he could tell him he was mistaken as to the law of evidence in the British colonies . If the law in this respect were to be judged of from the way in which it existed in Jamaica , in Barbadoes , & c. he could tell his hon . and learned friend , that there men of colour were not admitted as witnesses . The proposition of his hon . and learned friend went really to this—to substitute oppression and injustice for benevolence . The British constitution was to be found in no other part of the world but in this country . His hon . and learned friend seemed to think that it was to be found in greater perfection in the island of Jamaica because the House of Assembly had no need