that members of the royal family should not hold official situations ; and he had therefore voted against the duke of York 's appointment to be one of her Majesty 's council , as it would subject him to be examined at the bar of that House , and the duties might be performed fully as well by another ; but as to his appointment to the head of the army , that was for the public good , and the country might bless the day on which he first took the command . said , that the question , whether sufficient responsibilty did or did not attach to persons of the elevated rank of his royal highness , was a question foreign to the present business , and which should now be dismissed from the consideration of the House . His hon . friend ( Mr. Whit-bread ) had argued with still more than his usual force on the injustice that humble individuals would sustain from having the return to power shut against them when it was open to a royal duke under circumstances precisely similar . There certainly could not , on the other hand , be any reason why injustice should be done to the duke of York , because justice was not always done to others . He felt perfectly convinced , that if any other person was presented to the consideration of the House under the very same circumstances that the duke of York stood , he should vote for his re-appointment . He believed that the noble mover had , as he expressed it , felt this a very painful task . A painful task had devolved upon them all ; and he could not , without great pain , reflect upon the violent proceedings against the duke of York , and upon the votes which he had himself been persuaded to give . He had at that time voted on a conviction that was then strong in his mind , that a more complete investigation of the charges was necessary . If he had , however , then been called upon to say , `` guilty , or not guilty , '' —not withstanding the many suspicions , and unexplained circumstances in these transactions—notwithstanding it appeared that pecuniary embarrassments had urged him to the very brink of criminality , yet be should have said , `` not guilty . '' He certainly then wished that the duke should be removed from his office ; and he did not know , but that the fear that ministers intended to retain him , might have induced him to stronger votes than he otherwise would have concurred in . He conceived that the duke had been very hardly dealt with ; he had been run down by a public cry , and charged with peculation , when , in fact , the crime which he had really committed , was one not of public cognizance , and such a crime as no other man had been removed from an high situation for committing . As to what was the opinion of the House formerly , he thought there could be no better mode of ascertaining it , than hearing what was now the opinion of the same House of Commons upon that question . The opinion '' of gentlemen at that time might be 496 ascertained by their feelings now . He could positively say , that for himself he never intended by any vote he gave to preclude himself from giving an opinion at a future time of the propriety of the return of his royal highness to office . said he had not seen any thing in the circumstances which had been so often alluded to , to make him at all change that opinion which he formerly expressed by his vote . A right hon . gent , had stated , that the conspiracy which had since been proved , had thrown a shade over the whole of the case , and deprived the witnesses of any title to credit . He could not . at all view the subject in that light