such a principle with wisdom in its administration or with safety to the people . If the people were subject to another power , or connected with another power , or in a state of half allegiance , such a principle of government might be acted upon ; but when applied to a population as much the subjects of the British government as the Protestants of Ireland or the people of this country , the principle is wholly , utterly , and absolutely inadmissible . With respect to the general principles of all government , I shall assume certain propositions which I am persuaded no hon . gentleman will venture to deny . I shall assume that no government has a right to make partial laws—that no government has a right to make arbitrary laws , that is to say , laws without reason—that no government has a right to establish an inquisition into the thoughts of men , for every man has a right of perfect dominion over his own thoughts—that no government has the right to punish a man for religion—purely for religion . No government or legislature can arrogate to itself the power to depose God Almighty by forcing upon man any tenets of religion according to a particular creed . I presume it will not be arrogated on the part of the British Legislature , that his Majesty by and with the advice of the Lords spiritual and temporal , & c. can enact , that he will appoint and constitute a new religion for the people of this empire ; or , that by an order in council , the consciences and creeds of his subjects may be suspended any more than it will be contended that any authoritative or legislative measure can alter the law of the by pothenuse . Whatever belongs to the authority of God , or to the laws of nature , is necessarily beyond the province and sphere of human institution and government . The Roman Catholic , when you disqualify him on the ground of his religion , may , with great justice , tell you that you are not God , that he can not mould or fashion his faith by your decrees . You may inflict penalties , and he may suffer them in silence ; but if parliament will assume the prerogative of Heaven and enact laws to impose upon the people a particular religion , the people will not obey such laws . If you pass an act to im- 375 pose a tax or regulate a duty , the people can go to the roll to learn what are the provisions of the law . But whenever you take upon yourselves to legislate for God , though there may be truth in your enactments , you have no authority to enforce them . In such a case the people will not go to the Roll of Parliament , but to the Bible , the Testament of God 's will upon earth , to ascertain his law and their duty . When once man goes out of his sphere , and says that he will legislate for God , he in fact makes himself God . But this I do not charge upon the Parliament , because in none of the Penal Acts has the parliament imposed a religious creed . It is not to be traced in the qualification oath , nor in the declaration required . The qualifying oath , as to the great number of offices , and to seats in parliament , scrupulously evades religious distinctions—a Dissenter of any class may take it—a Deist , an Atheist may likewise take it . The Catholics are alone excepted , and for what reason ? Certainly not because the internal character of the Catholic Religion is inherently vicious—not because it necessarily incapacitates those who profess it to make laws for their fellow citizens . If a Deist be fit to sit in parliament , it can hardly be urged that a Christian is unfit . If an Atheist be competent to legislate for his country , surely this privilege can not be denied