that the judge of the court of Admiralty can not include more vessels than one in each monition , as the provisions of the 45th clause of the 45th George 3d , chap . 72d , applies only to small armed vessels of the enemy ; next , he says , `` they could not by the practice of the court be entitled to that beneficial regulation '' and yet his 4th inclosure furnishes us with the names of two vessels , though not armed , which were condemned in one monition : The fact will appear that they were not of sufficient value to pay the gentlemen of Doctors Commons for separate monitions , and though not an universal rule , that was the only reason . Sir , I have passed nearly 20 years in the navy , and having been constantly employed until lately , I have had full opportunity to be acquainted with the feelings of those with whom I have mixed , and I believe that unless the laws and regulations made to guide the courts of Admiralty are reformed , captures will soon cease to be made . Were that done , the enemy would then suffer the loss of all the trade which I have before staled to be of such importance to France and her 992 dependant states . Two thirds of our present naval establishment would be quite , sufficient for the purposes of blockade , and all others ; nay , I am clearly of opinion , that if the courts were reformed ; it would be a benefit to our country if one third of our ships were convened into firewood . I am sure that the first lord of the Admiralty would not vote against the production of papers and full investigation , if he knew the extent of the evil : , He has however no means personally to become acquainted with the facts , and there are but few who will venture to in form him ; his disposition to do justice , evidenced in the recent appointment of that , gallant and persecuted officer , sir Robert Calder , is sufficient to warrant this conclusion . I shall say nothing at present on the subject of the vice-admiralty courts abroad , except that they are nefariously conducted , and that their exertions are as destructive of energy abroad as the conduct of these in the proctor 's office is of exertion at home . At Malta the acts of parliament are set in defiance ; the table of fees , which could legally be made by the , king in council alone , was manufactured , and remanufactured by themselves , kept five years in a drawer , and when at last brought out it was affixed , not as the act directs , in open court , but on the back of a door in a private room , where the members of the court eat , drank and put on their wigs . This table had a minute in the hand writing and bearing the signature of the judge , authorising the receipt of additional fees , although by the 45th of his present Majesty this is punishable under the statute of frauds . Enforce the old laws in their spirit ; it will not be necessary to make new ones . Suffer them not to be evaded by the quibbles which the lawyers have introduced . Do this and rescind the order in council of 1779 , constituting a single procurator for the whole navy , in direct opposition to the opinion of the great law authorities who were consulted on the subject by queen Anne , and thus restore to the navy that inestimable privilege which the pettiest privateers possess , of choosing their own counsel . Surely the officers of the navy merit as much confidence as those who usually navigate such vessels , especially , such as sally forth from Malta and Gibraltar . I shall not trespass longer than to express a hope that the right honourable treasurer will inform us why the answer 993 explanatory of the