prove if an enquiry should take place . Another instance he had to state of severity of punishment took place at Gibraltar ; two men had been so harrassed and disgusted with the service , that to get rid of it they chopped off , each of them , one of their hands . Instead of gaining their object , and getting rid of the service , they first receded a severe punishment for this offence ; and after they had so received their punishments , they were condemned to eke out the remainder of their lives in servile employments , and no soldier was allowed to speak to them . He must , however , ask , upon this case , what must have been the disgust which those men had received , to induce them even to cut their own hands off , and how harrassing must that service have been , which they would take such methods of endeavouring to free themselves from ? There was another case of a soldier of 70 years of age , and who had served for upward of 50 years with great credit and an excellent character . 702 He unfortunately got a little in liquor , and was sentenced to be flogged . In vain he stated his length of service , his never , having been before sentenced to any ignominious punishment , his wounds , and his age . The answer to him was , that his age and his length of service should have made him know better ; and he was accordingly flogged . The very same day , another soldier , a young lad of 16 , was condemned for some impropriety of conduct . He pleaded his youth and inexperience : but he was answered , that on that very account he must be made to learn his duty ; so that youth or age , inexperience or long and faithful services , were urged equally to no purpose , as a mitigation of the severity of punishment.—The hon . bart . said , that when he was confined in the Tower , he was unfortunately an eye-witness of the-severity of the punishments that were inflicted on very old men for trivial offences , One of those whom he saw flogged had been 30 years in the army , and had received no fewer than seventeen wounds in the service of his country . It was , indeed , a most heart-rending sight to see an old man , whose breast was scarred with honourable wounds , having his back lacerated with ignominious stripes for some petty offence . He saw another old soldier flogged , who had been 27 years in the service . As to the severity and cruelty of the punishments , he could not have had an idea of it if he had not been an eye-wit '' ness . Great as the corporeal suffering must be in such cases , he thought the shame and disgrace of it was still worse . There were but few persons who knew what a severe instrument of torture the cat o'nine tails was . Every lash inflicted by it was , more properly speaking , nine lashes . These were pieces of whipcord , not such as gentlemen used to their horse-whips , but each of them as thick as a quill , and knotted . This dreadful engine of torture was frequently applied by the strength of fresh men relieving each other , until human nature could bear no more suffering ; and then , if pains were taken to recover the unhappy sufferer , it was only to enable him to undergo fresh agony and farther pain . What appeared to him be the most disgusting thing in the whole transaction , was the attendance of the surgeon , whose business appeared principally to detect any lingering principle of life which could enable the man to undergo more torture ; and his art and knowledge , with an al- 703 most impious profanation of the healing art , was exercised principally for the purpose of renewing the fatuity to bear