's Treatise on the Coins , an account is given of the different treasons against the pound sterling which have been committed at different 810 their acceding to the leases . In all the leases which he had granted subsequent to 1797 , the tenant had a right to conceive he was to pay in paper , and not in gold , and therefore he ought to have told the tenant he would insist on having his rent times ; a brief summary of which may be usefully inserted : s. d. 1 . In the 28th year of his reign , Edw . 1. coined 1lb weight of silver into 20 3 2 . — 18th — Edw . 3 . — — 22 2 3 . — 20th — Edw . 3 . — — 22 6 4 . — 27th — Edw . 3 . — — 25 0 5 . — 13th — Hen . 4 . — — 30 0 6 . — 4th — Edw . 4 . — — 37 6 7 . — 18th — Hen . 8 — — 45 0 8 2d year of her reign . E1izabeth — — 60 0 9 . — 43d — Elizabeth — — 62 0 `` The reformation of the coin ( in those times the only circulating medium ) seems to have formed no inconsiderable part of the grievances for which parliaments attempted to obtain redress from those sovereigns , who , urged by their necessities , had degraded the coin for the purpose of defrauding their subjects . `` Since the establishment of a more regular government acting by general rules in the administration of the national affairs , according to the well understood interests both of the government and people , no sovereign of England , since the reign of Elizabeth , has had recourse to the expedient of making further innovation in the standard of the currency . The legal standard has remained unaltered ever since the time when queen Elizabeth made the last alteration in the silver coinage , and gold has since been made the only legal tender in all payments above 25l . in value . `` The use of the second table is to shew , by inspection , the real quantity of gold which the current paper-money was able to purchase in any given year , that quantity , or the weight of the number of guineas in the 3d column , being , according to the spirit of the contract , the equitable payment of 105l . ; the 4th column shews the value of the weight of gold equal to the number of guineas contained in the third column , at the price of 4l . 14s . per ounce ; the 5th and last column shews the further depreciation of paper money for every hundred pound since the date of the contract . `` It would have been a much easier and shorter method to have paid the difference of the value of Bank-notes by an addition to the nominal sum equivalent to the depreciation ; but this practice would hive exposed the fact to daily view , and would 811 paid in gold . The noble lord had stated , that in those cases where the leases had been granted within the last two years , he had made no alteration ; and that all that he asked for was an indemnification for the alterations which had taken plate in the value of the currency since the restriction act . What sort of a principle was that , he would ask , which was not the same at all limes ? But the truth was , he did receive an indemnification by the increase of rent at the granting of every new lease , if a long lease were granted a greater rent was required than for a short one . The sum required for a lease of 7 years , was greater than that for a lease of 4 ; the sum for a 14. years lease was greater than for one of 7 ; and for 21 years