infraction of justice extended to other descriptions of men : let them enjoy their rights in their fullest extent ; the wrong we sustain must be so manifest to all mankind , that in process of time , relief may be granted to us ; but if a common measure of injustice be extended to all other members of the community , then we shall be entirely forgotten , and finally afford to mankind another example of the fate that awaits those who enter into engagements , in which right is on one side , and power on the other . But let me now examine the conduct of lord King , which has been as much condemned by the public in general , as within the walls of the House . After the most deliberate and sober reflection , I solemnly declare , that in my judgment , he merits the thanks of the public , rather than its censure . I do not hesitate to avow , that for the last three years , during which depreciation has been going on , I have very 1054 often deliberated on demanding payment of debts in metallic money ; and if I have been deterred from doing so , it has not been from any doubt of the justice of the measure : but being totally unconnected with party , and fully sensible of my own insignificance , I did not find in myself courage to brave the clamour which I foresaw would be raised by the many persons interested in the continuance of the present system of things . By this declaration , I trust I shall not be deemed to brave public opinion . He who affects to place himself above the opinion of mankind , is more or less than man ; but entertaining these sentiments , I will not , while I am conscious of their rectitude , shrink from the avowal of them , because they may be unpopular . What is the spirit of the contract between a landlord and his tenant ? —That the landlord shall receive a monied rent equal to a certain proportion of the produce of the soil ; —and if a monied rent paid in notes , actually depreciated , no longer represents that proportion of the produce , is it unjust or unfair to require payment in metallic currency , which more nearly represents that proportion ? Suppose the noble lord to have let , in 1780 , a field capable of producing four quarters of wheat , worth on an average of the last 15 years 180 shillings ; and to have allowed 135 shillings for the labour and stock of the tenant , and reserved to himself a rent of 45 shillings of metallic money , or one quarter of the pro '' duce . Suppose the same field still to produce four quarters , which , on an average of five years , sells for 85 shillings per quarter , or 340 shillings , in paper currency . The sum necessary to compensate the labour and replace the stock of the tenant will be 225 or ¾ of the produce , every article necesary to cultivation having advanced in cost in the same proportion ; but if he can acquit himself of his rent by 45 shillings of the same currency , he will be a gainer of 40 shillings ; the share of the landlord , which , in the contemplation of the parties when the contract was made , amounted to 17/68 , will be reduced to 9/68 ; and the farmer , who looked to 51/68 will receive 59/68 . Repayment is not demanded of the 8/68 or 40s . thus lost by the landlord , and gained unexpectedly by the tenant . Lord King was aware of the natural depreciation of money in a rich and flourishing country , and is content that his tenant shall enjoy a very large portion of the gain . He requires only that his contract shall be executed in , the terms in which it 1055 is conceived ; —45 shillings formerly contained about 9