committee . in a short speech , supported the motion : he said that in all that had been urged that night by the noble lords who opposed it , he had not heard one new objection started , and in the old ones that had been repeated , not one argument . It had been said by one noble lord that the Irish Catholics were not generally anxious for the object now claimed in their behalf . He knew not why their own Petitions should not be admitted as evidence of their sincere and constant wish upon that subject ? but , independent of that evidence , was it to be pretended that it was in human nature to be indifferent to persecution , unless , indeed , noble lords would argue as did a fox-hunter , in whose company he once heard an argument against the cruelty of hunting . The fox-hunter admitted that the hunting of hare or deer was cruel , but that of foxes was not so , because , in his judgment , the fox liked to be hunted . He denied the necessity of that previous stipulation on the part of the Catholics which had been contended for ; the Catholics came before their lordships , not as Catholics but as British subjects , to claim their 683 share in British rights , and the burden of proving them unfit for such share lay on those who opposed their claim to it . The Act of Toleration had been relied upon ; but what was that act but a recognition of right . Another objection had been made to the time . He thought that the work of conciliation could not be entered upon too early . It was too of all things desirable , if the claims of the Catholics were to be acceded to , that they should be granted as the gift of our justice rather than as extorted from our necessities . As to any danger to be apprehended from those concessions to the Established Church , he thought that such an apprehension was , of all others , the most idle . He looked upon the Established Church as holding forth the best standard of religious freedom ; and he , as a sincere admirer of that establishment , would be the last man to support what he conceived to be likely , in its remotest consequence , to injure , much less endanger it . The motion of his noble friend should therefore have his most cordial support . said that he was confident their lordships would acquit him of any intention at that late hour , and after such a debate as they had heard , of rising to add any thing to the reasoning or observations which had been urged in support of the present motion . He rose for no such purpose . All that ha might have originally intended to have urged that night had been so completely forestalled by the most convincing and eloquent speech of his noble friend who had opened the debate , and by those noble lords who followed on the same side , that there was nothing new left to him , but to re-assert his entire concurrence in their sentiments . He differed from the observations of the noble lord on the woolsack , respecting the Revolution . He denied that the principle of that glorious event was one of mere exclusion , on the ground of religious jealousies , or establishing upon any such narrow ground the connection between church and state ; the grand principle was equal rights and privileges to all their fellow subjects . Mr. Pitt 's name and authority had been resorted to frequently in the course of the debate ; he thought that some of he noble lords who had appeared most anxious to support the memory of their deceased friend , had not been very happy in their manner of doing so . One noble lord had slated , that the public motive generally assigned for Mr. Pitt 's 684 retirement from office in 1801 , was not the private