defend . '' moved , That the Petition of his Majesty 's Catholic subjects , whose names are thereunto subscribed , as well for themselves as others his Majesty 's subjects professing the Catholic faith in Ireland , which was presented upon the 20th day of this instant May , might be read ; and the same was read . He also moved , That the Resolutions of the House of the 28th day of March last , giving the Thanks of the House to lieutenant general Thomas Graham and the army under his command , for the brilliant victory obtained on the heights of Barrosa , might be read ; and the same were read . He also moved , That the Resolutions of the House of the 26th day of April last , giving the thanks of the House to lieutenant general lord viscount Wellington , and the army in Portugal , might be read : and the same being read : again rose and spoke to the following effect : Sir , in desiring that these several votes of the thanks of Parliament should be read , my object was , that this House may be reminded of the grievances , which we are called upon to redress , and that the petitioners may have the benefit of such approbation of the conduct of 370 Catholic soldiers , that the people may enjoy the full advantage of the recorded opinions of this House in favour of their allegiance . We are now going to consider whether it be just or expedient that the existing system of penal laws to which the Catholics are subject , should any longer continue . I call them penal , for what else is the qualifying law ? A law inflicting penalties in the most objectionable form , that is , under the disguise of an oath ; an oath of the worst kind , by which they are called upon to make God the witness of their disability ; to make religion a crime , and perjury a qualification . On this occasion the House is to try a whole nation ; to judge a great people , the people of Ireland , and on the testimony published by some of themselves . We have to try them upon separate charges ; upon charges against the religion they profess and the political principles upon which they have acted . The testimony against them , I am sorry to say , is that of their countrymen and their fellow-subjects . Upon such evidence the charges against the religion of the Catholics are constantly rested ; but the evidence of individuals against a people is not evidence of compatibility to be admitted . That the persons who make the charges , however , might believe them founded in conscience and truth , I will not deny ; but I think them prejudiced , and therefore destitute of credibility . In fact , those individuals who make such charges , testify not alone against the Catholics , or the Catholic religion , but against the truth of the Christian religion ; because , if their charges be well-founded , they make the great body of Christians worse than idolators ; they go to prove that the Messiah has failed ; that the Revelation is not of divine origin , but a vain experiment . To adopt such charges would be to say , that the Christian religion is not of divine authority ; to abandon ourselves to the heated opinions of vehement writers of vehement times , and to enforce the intolerant doctrines of courts . But the religion of courts is power ; the religion of theologians , in all times , bigotry ; and the combination of both intolerance . Against the charges thus urged against the Catholics , we have evidence indisputable ; we have the explicit declaration of the six greatest Catholic universities of Europe ; the best test of their religion , disclaiming any doctrine incompatible with the strongest attachment to the civil government of every country . The opi- 371 nions of these universities shewed what was the