and professing to act under an appointment for John Locker , sinecure registrar , and further against the illegal endeavours to execute the warrant by John Chapman , deputy auctioneer , acting for and on behalf of—Wood , late private secretary to lord Castlereagth , a non resident , enjoying an income of about seven thousand pounds sterling per annum , derived from the sale of prizes , and the goods of merchants trading to Malta , but calling himself deputy marshal of the vice admiralty court , and professing to art under in appointment from John Jackson , proctor and marshal , contrary to law ; and farther against all acts of the said John Jackson , in the capacity of marshal , by himself or his deputy and against John Locker , sinecure registrar , and William Stevens , calling himself deputy registrar ; John Locker having , under the signature of William Stevens , taxed bills of fees and expences of the court of vice admiralty , wherein the fees of the said John Locker and William Stevens in their capacity of 1023 registrar , deputy registrar , examiner , interpreter , & . & . & . are made and examined by themselves , and in which various illegal charges were allowed and suffered to be made by John Jackson , as proctor , for attending , feeing , consulting , and instructing himself as marshal ; in which double capacity he acts , in defiance of the 41st and of the 45th Geo . 3rd , chapter 72 . '' And further , I solemnly protested against John Sewell , styling himself judge of the aforesaid court , for refusing by letter dated the 13th of January , 1811 , to order satisfaction to be given by the said John Jackson , referring to him a judge in his own cause ; and likewise for not having given any answers to official letters delivered to him , bearing date the 19th and 20th of February , 1811 , on the same subject . And further I protested against the said John Sewell , for not complying with the Act of Parliament , which directs , `` That a table of fees shall be suspended in some conspicuous part of the court , in which the several judges of the court of vice admiralty hold their sittings . '' Sir , the judge at first refused to receive any protest , but afterwards did so ; and afterwards I was re-committed to prison , not for contempt of court , but for the old accusation of not having complied with certain warrants addressed to a person styled deputy marshal , who never had an authority to act as such . That no proof existed of my having taken the table of fees , will appear by the following affidavit of commodore Rowley , commissioner Fraser , and captain Murray Maxwell of the navy : `` Be it known to all persons to whomsoever it may concern , that on the 2nd day of March , in the year of our Lord 1811 personally came and appeared before me the undersigned notary public Percy Fraser , com-missioner of his Majesty 's navy , resident in the island of Malta , Charles Rowley , esq . captain of his Majesty 's ship Eagle , and Murray Maxwell , esq . captain of his Majesty 's ship Alceste , and solemnly made oath that on the aforesaid 2nd day of March , whilst the court of vice admiralty of the said island of Malta was sitting , they severally and distinctly heard John Sewell , L. L. D , the judge thereof , and whilst sitting in his judicial chair , admit in open court , and in the presence of divers persons there assembled , to the right honourable lord Cochrane , that there existed no proof in the aforesaid court of his said lordship 's having taken down the paper in 1024 question , by the judge aforesaid called the table of fees . ( Signed ) `` PERCY FRASER , `` C. ROWLEY , `` MURRAY