of liberality and justice , as well to England as to Ireland , for she was the main limb of the empire . The right hon . gentleman had talked of the liberty of the press , of informations filed by the Attorney General , of sending persons to distant prisons , of the unconstitutional caprice of the judges , & c. ; but the right hon . gentleman should weigh well the use of words before he uttered them . 315 He could not justly charge the judges with being actuated by caprice in passing the sentence of the law upon offenders . There never was a time when the administration of justice was so pure—when the judges were so uncorrupt . If the right hon . gentleman would reconsider his words , he would find that he had been too hasty , and that there was no foundation for any one of his charges . in explanation said , that when punishment arose from caprice , the law could not justify it , and therefore he should take this opportunity of giving notice , that he would next session move for the repeal of that law which related to Ex-officio Informations . supported the motion . He thought the hon . gent . who had observed that Ireland was a burden to this country , rather deserved the thanks than the reprobation of the gentlemen of that country , as he had shewn the necessity of some remedy being adopted for the evil . It must be acknowledged that that country was in difficulty , which could not pay the interest of its own debt , but must accept 4½ millions for its service . In this instance , however , the right hon . gent . was imposing an unjust tax , as it was contrary to the spirit of the union ; and although it might not tend to destroy the liberty of the press , yet it enabled government to shewn an unjust partiality , and to create dissatisfaction in that country , which they ought to use every exertion to conciliate . said that he could not admit the construction of the act of union that had been given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . If those parts of the 7th article which pointed out the application of the revenues of Ireland , and the manner in which the proportions of contribution were to be provided were taken together , it appeared to him that no article could be taxed higher in Ireland than it was in England . Taxation for the purpose of providing for the proportion of contribution being necessarily by that article a proceeding following taxation for providing for the interest of the debt , which formed a separate charge , the true purport of the clause directing , that no article should be taxed higher in Ireland than in England for the purpose of providing the proportion , was to prevent any article from being so taxed for any purpose whatever . Whatever the tax on any article might be for the purpose of defraying the 316 separate charge , no such addition could be made to it for defraying the joint charge as would make it altogether higher than it was in England . It was however no wonder that difficulties should arise in ascertaining the precise meaning of this article . It had now been the subject of discussion for some weeks before the Irish Finance Committee , and as yet the only opinion the Committee had been able to form of it was , that it was almost wholly unintelligible . But in regard to the question of issue , a noble member of that Committee , the framer of the article , had so lately as yesterday declared that Ireland was secured by it from the imposition of a higher duty on any article than that article was liable to in England . In respect to the duty on advertisements , he must contend that it was grievous to the editors of the public papers , and had a tendency to destroy the liberty of