all the words after the word , `` That , '' for the purpose of inserting those Resolutions . asked the right hon . gent . opposite , whether in the mention which he made in his first Resolution of `` the right of establishing and regulating the legal money of the kingdom , having been at all times a royal prerogative , '' he intended to imply that the prerogative was entire and unlimited ? replied , that his Resolution had been drawn in compliance with the precedent stated in lord Liverpool 's work and founded on the authority of sir Matthew Hale and others . adverted to the 14 of the King , chapters 70 and 92 , regulating the weight and fineness of the coin of the realm . observed , that his Resolution did not trench on that act ; and repeated that observation in answer to some similar remarks from Mr. Huskisson . maintained , that his right hon . friend 's Resolution was not at all contrary to the spirit of the act alluded to . called the attention of the House to the danger of passing this Resolution . It affirmed , that it had always been the right of the crown to mix the proportions of pure metal and alloy in the coin at its pleasure , and to make it represent what value it pleased . This he denied . There had always been a standard , and in proof of this he referred to the statute of Edward 3 . That the crown possessed , and had exercised a right which was nearly equivalent in effect , namely , the right of altering the denomination of the coin , was true . Some of our kings had adopted this method of cheating their subjects , but as lord Liverpool had said , that was an expedient which in the end had never been profitable or honourable to the 144 crown . But the prerogatives of the crown were a trust for the benefit of the people , and he beseeched their representatives to consider what it would be to say , that the crown had the power of establishing whatever base money it pleased as the coin of this country . This part of the Resolution was besides unnecessary , because it had no necessary bearing on the question under discussion . The Resolution further stated , that the crown had often exercised this prerogative in concurrence with the States of the Realm . This was a contradiction in terms , for the meaning of a prerogative was , that it might be exercised by the crown without the intervention of parliament . This alleged prerogative was at least sufficiently doubtful to require the House to pause before they passed such a Resolution . If they did pass it , whatever might be their own judgment as to their conduct , no lawyer nor man of sense in the kingdom would approve of it in this instance . on the other hand , maintained that the Resolution was perfectly correct , and easily to be comprehended . followed on the same side . thought the Resolution erroneously expressed . was decidedly of opinion , that the declarations respecting the royal prerogative on this subject in his right hon . friend 's Resolution , and the Resolution of the hon . and learned gent . were equivalent to each other . In both was expressed what in common law was the prerogative , and the way in which that prerogative was limited by statute . The indulgence with which the gentlemen opposite overlooked this in the hon . and learned gentleman 's Resolution , and the acuteness with which they detected it in his right hon . friend 's , was a proof of ingenuity rather than of candour . hoped the House would come gravely to a decision on this most important point , without reference to the merits of either set of Resolutions . If his Resolutions contained precisely the same import as his right hon . friend 's , why had the right hon . gent . voted