in order to give the noble lord an opportunity of making good his charges . When a person standing forward in the light of a public accuser , brought on charges , which were answered , and notwithstanding that answer , repeated the charges , it was in common justice due to that person , to afford him the means of grounding a mo- 999 tion for a committee to inquire into the truth of what he had stated . had never heard a more preposterous doctrine than that advanced by the hon . gentleman who spoke last . What , because the ground upon which the charges of the noble lord were built , was taken from him , that , therefore the House was bound to grant the motion . It was a proceeding that could not be tolerated . The king 's proctor had been charged without due notice given to him of the charges ; for all that was known on the subject previous to bringing it forward , was a notice on the book of the table , `` for papers relating to ships taken by the Fisguard . '' In this notice was there any tittle of evidence or charge of bribery against the king 's proctor , so that it could be met ! Was there , indeed , any misconduct imputed to that officer ? Yet in the statement of the noble lord he very broadly charged corruption in every instance in the office of the king 's proctor , and promised , if a committee was granted , that he would prove his charges . The answer which had been given by his right hon . friend to the charge relative to captain Skene , would condemn the noble lord in the first instance , and in any charges which he might make in the next session . Was it to be endured , that because the noble lord chose to invest himself with the delightful office of public accuser , and to desire that he might be allowed to keep charges hanging over the heads of meritorious and honourable public officers all the vacation , that he should have his desire ? Did the House think , that next session , judging from past experience of the noble lord 's motions , that he would be prepared to make good his charges ? Was it possible , on such a statement as that he had now made , the House could grant an inquiry ? He had talked of bringing forward a bill to amend the law . That he might do , and if any thing was found wrong in the present laws on the subject , to be sure the noble lord 's suggestion , which he was justified in making from his known experience , would be attended to ; but he could not suffer this House , merely at the request of the noble lord , to be turned into a channel for libel and slander to aim their course against any individual . The House he thought would do well to reject such motions , which , brought forward as they were at the end of a session , prefaced with inflammatory speeches , could be productive of no public benefit . in justice to the kings proctor , stated , that in the prosecution of all cases from abroad , ' he had found that officer as honourable a man as ever existed . after the honourable acquittal which , in the judgment of the House must be pronounced , would not have troubled them with any observations , but for the pertinaciousness of the noble lord , who still maintained that he could prove his charges . The noble lord had no right to say , that if the papers were produced , they would prove his charges to be correct . When he stated that the officers of the navy had been defrauded of 30 percent , he inculpated all the officers of the court of admiralty , not even omitting the right hon . and learned judge . The noble lord