turned aside , and proceeded so far out of his way to vaunt of the growing prosperity of Ireland , and even to panegyrize himself , his colleagues in office , and the English part of the House of Commons , for their uniform attention and devotion to the interests and welfare of Ireland , then did he feel himself called upon , in the name of his countrymen , to protest against any such claim , and utterly to deny it , as being not only unfounded in fact , but in direct contradiction of it . This he stated of his own knowledge . As to the general plan of taxation , he had one vital objection to it , namely , that those were in general its objects of taxation who were least able to bear it . The right hon . gent , appeared to him to seek , in general , for taxes where little could be got , and not even that little without much and severe oppression . If the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer came in a manly way to the discharge of his public duty , be could find more fit and more productive objects for taxation than those which he had as yet selected . Of the tax upon tobacco he disapproved , because he thought it would be at once harsh and unequable in its operation and scanty in its produce . To the tax on timber he had two objections ; the first , which was perhaps , the lighter one , was , that it would have the fleet of impeding tide peasantry in the general improvement of their habitations . It was certainly a most desirable object to diffase amongst , the labouring classes of the peasantry that relish for the substantial comforts of neat and well-ordered dwelling-houses , which could not be long maintained without teaching the virtues of a sober , systematic industry , and giving the peasant a consciousness in that property which must be to him , of all others , the most cheering and consolatory—that of the poor man 's home . This tax , however , by raising the price of American timber , must raise the price of all other kinds of timber , and of course very considerably obstruct , if not totally defeat , the progress of so desirable an improvement in the condition of the Irish peasant.—But hit second objection 231 was yet more serious . At a period in which our relations with America were so critically circumstanced , he thought that the imposition of such a tax as this must be looked upon by that government with considerable jealousy , they might consider it as almost amounting to a declaration of war . This , therefore , he thought to be the moment at which , above all others , the imposition of such a tax was most objectionable . With respect to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for England , he was willing to acknowledge his attention to Ireland in that one instance , and was not indisposed to augur well from it . He hailed it as the beginning of his ministerial attempts for her prosperity , and hoped it would soon cease to be the solitary instance of his good will towards Ireland . Thus much he said freely , but more he could not say . He could not go beyond that night . He repeated his declaration , which he had made of his own knowledge , that down to that night , nothing had been done to justify the claim which had been put in upon the gratitude of Ireland . For what was she to be grateful ? Not surely because they had so repeatedly refused to redress her wrongs ; not because they had been so long deaf to her complaints and indifferent to her interests ? I should be sorry ( said Mr. Hutchinson ) to say any thing offensive to the House , and should be more sorry if truth could offend them . My charge is one which ,