the unfavourable state of exchange , which enables our merchants to dispose of their goods at or even under prime cost , and yet derive an advantage of from 25 to 33 per cent . out of the pockets of their countrymen , simply by carrying the bullion which they thus collect , to the English commissaries who furnish them with bills , on government , at that ruinous discount . The unfavourable state of the exchange against England could be altered only by reducing our military establishments in foreign countries , which might be effected , with advantage to our allies and ourselves , simply by suffering the people in whose behalf we pretend to be contending , to feel an interest in the cause we call their own , instead of wasting our means , and lavishing our treasure in support of their despicable and tottering governments , which will inevitably fall the moment we withdraw our military forces . He said that the profligate waste of our means was in no instance mare glaring than in the maintenance of an army under the pretence of defending Sicily against the French , but in reality to keep the people in subjection to the most weak , wicked and oppressive tyranny which existed under Heaven , whose absurd imposts rendered a whole people wretched and poor , in the midst of the most fertile country , 1091 once the granary of Rome , but now , owing to the corn laws , scarcely producing food for its thinly scattered inhabitants . The expence of our troops he said was not the only drain which carried our treasure to Sicily , to which nearly half a million went annually under the title of a subsidy , and under the pretence of paying for services not one of which were performed , as his Majesty 's minister had thought proper to deliver our money into the hands of the Neapolitan counsellors , who govern the queen and betray our interests to the enemy . He could not help remarking upon the extraordinary nature of the assistance we afforded , by defending I Sicily against the will of its government , and the government against the will of the people , by both of which parties we had made ourselves so detested , that each was ready to receive the French as their deliverers . What reason , he asked , could be given for pursuing such a line of conduct ? Did ministers imagine that their administration of affairs would benefit by a comparison with the corrupt government which they were struggling to uphold . The tyranny and vices of the Sicilian government , however , were so abominable that it would— —Does the noble lord conceive , that an inquiry into the errors of the Sicilian government can be justly said to bear on the present question , according to the known usages of the debate ? I was unwilling to interfere as long as the noble lord was pleased to keep within the widest limits prescribed by the ordinary rules of debate . said , that he should wave the farther explanation he was about to give of the internal state of Sicily , which certainly was no farther connected with the question , than by occasioning enormous expence to us , instead of making it worth the people 's while to defend their own island and government ; in doing so , be presumed , however , that it was not intended that he should abstain from mentioning , that in addition to the treasure sent to . Sicily , for the purposes he had already mentioned , one item alone of the extraordinary expence of our army amounted last year to 180,000l. , he meant the repair , equipment , and pay of gun-boats at Messina , which the Sicilian government was bound to furnish out of the subsidy ; a fact which he thought would scarcely be credited , when the . House should learn that we actually paid rent for the royal arse- 1092 nal , to refit them in at our own cost !