holy orders , or pretending to holy orders , '' should be free from the penal enactments it contained ; this Bill went to leave all those classes , except the first ( those in holy orders ) excluded from these exemptions , and to be provided for by future clauses , to be introduced by the 244 noble viscount ; or put to other tests , narrowing those established by the Toleration Act , and granted by their fathers at the glorious are of the Revolution . Could their lordships , under these circumstances , even permit that Bill to go into a Committee , which in its preamble declared that to be law , which was not law ? He most cordially agreed with the right rev . prelate who so liberally and excellently delivered sentiments well becoming the head of the English Church , that the Bible was the work of God , the foundation of the Christion Religion , and that he was the best Christian who best observed its precepts ; and , above all , that it was the office of man to interpret that sacred volume . It was against this natural office that the tyrannical laws existing previous to the passing of the Toleration Act were directed , and religious liberty put down , till that act , of which a right exposition had not been made by the noble viscount.—He then noticed two acts against preachers and teachers in unlawful assemblies , subjecting them to heavy penalties , which he severely condemned . It was the intention of the Saviour of the World that his doctrines should be propagated , not by the high and learned , but by the humble and lowly . Not that they were to preach according to this or that liturgy , but as God enlightened their conscience for the purpose of enabling them to express their feelings to their fellow men . He then turned to the Toleration Act itself , and argued that the noble viscount had confounded several section '' in it which were altogether independent of each other . The 8th section exempted four orders of the dissenters from certain penalties upon their qualifying themselves in a particular manner , but the preamble repealed this section , except with regard to teachers . Could their lordships do this , or suffer the Bill to go to a committee ? It also went to to repeal the 10th and 11th sections , the former applying to Anabaptists and Quakers , and the latter exempting from parochial duties . Supposing the 9th of the King had never passed at all , this preamble could not be admitted , but since that act it was still more inadmissible , as it thrust three out of the four orders enumerated , out of the pale , and proceeded not to leave them the toleration they enjoyed , but to give them toleration on the noble viscount 's own terms . They did not want a penalty , as proposed by the noble viscount , to keep a man from in- 245 culcating blasphemy . A Dissenter or a Churchman uttering such language , might be indicted and punished , as Mr. Winter-bottom had been , to whom he must say rather a hard measure had been dealt out . They wanted no aids of this new Bill , nor sureties of six householders to save them from this . The declaration of his Majesty on his accession to the throne , had filled the hearts of his subjects with delight , and the act of the 19th of his reign had in some measure fulfilled their expectations . It was to relieve those whose scruples of conscience precluded them from taking the benefit of the Toleration Act by subscribing to the tests ; and it was impossible that this act , which had for its object the further relief of the Protestants , should be construed as it had been by the noble viscount , into any thing like a repeal of any part of the Toleration Act . That act stood where it was ,