a more aggravated instance of military delinquency than the one to which he had just called the attention of the House . admitted , that the case of this individual was not one of peculiar severity , but at the same time contended that it by no means operated against the argument for the abolition of flogging . Since the last discussion on this subject , he had received a letter , which to him appeared practically conclusive upon it . It was from a person having the chief '' command of the recruiting parties in a district of the country in which the temptations to recruits to act in a manner meriting punishment were peculiarly strong . This officer , however , declared in his letter , in the most emphatic language , that he found corporeal punishment to be completely unnecessary , and that the triangles , if there were any in his district , were mouldering away in a garret . stated , that the motion of which his hon . friend , who was not then present , had given notice for the next session of parliament , was not founded on any particular instance of severity , but would proceed on the general question of the expediency of corporeal punishments in the army . expressed his firm conviction that there were cases in which severe corporeal punishment in a regiment was indispensable , unless indeed death in such cases was to be uniformly resorted to . As to solitary imprisonment , that he was persuaded was in few instances practicable . The hon . baronet was proceeding to explain his views of the subject , when interposed , and suggested the propriety of abstaining from any general discussion , there being no question before the House . observed , that as the House was unoccupied at that moment , he hoped he might be indulged with saying a few words , which it was otherwise his intention to have offered to their notice on the question of adjournment . His object in rising was to give the right hon . gent . opposite , or any other of his Majesty 's ministers , an 778 opportunity of making an avowal , similar to that which he understood had been made in another place by marquis Wellesley , on a subject intimately involving the character of the British government , and the welfare and safety of every individual of the royal family . The House would be aware that he alluded to the horrible doctrines which had recently been promulgated by a part of the press respecting Assassination . That had been preached up as a duty under certain circumstances , which no circumstances could justify . Were the writers to whom he alluded aware that they led to the perpetration of crime on the innocent and meritorious , by the arguments in which they recommended the perpetration of crime , on one—certainly not innocent—certainly not meritorious—but of whom they were not to set themselves up as the judges and the punishers . When these persons held out the examples of antiquity for the perpetration of such crimes , or such deeds , as be presumed they would call them—when they described the individuals of former ages , by whom those examples had been afforded , as the benefactors of man kind , and as having ever since been so estimated , he supposed it would be in vain for him to suggest to them the great change which had taken place in moral duly by the Christian system of religion . It would be in vain , he presumed , for him to point out to their consideration , that by the mild doctrines of that religion an eye was no longer demanded for an eye , or a tooth for a tooth . To the persons to whom he alluded , such an appeal would , in all probability , be fruitless . But he would call on the advocates of assassination to show a single instance in which the crime had been successful , or had been followed by the advantages anticipated by