not being seconded by any hon . member , fell to the ground . The noble lord then stated his intention of making this the subject of discussion in the course of the next session . rose , for the purpose of submitting to the House a Re-solution for disallowing the votes of certain members in the further stages of the Gold coin Bill . Previous to which , he desired 1002 the clerk might read the extract from the Journals respecting the Loyalty Loan of 1797.— [ The clerk accordingly read the extract , which consisted of a motion for disallowing the votes of George Rose and William Huskisson , esqrs on the loyalty loan bill , they being interested as subscribers . Those gentlemen having been heard , and stated that they declined any interest , withdrew , and the House rejected the motion ] . The hon . gent . ob served , that he did not object to any thing done on that occasion , because the two members were allowed to vote ; the real state of the case was , that Mr. Pitt had given them bonusses on the loan of that day , and they , upon the objection to their votes being taken , stated that they had parted with their interest , and therefore the House allowed them to vote on the bill . The case was different with another hon . member , he did not know whether he was now a member of the House or not , but his name was Manning . On , that occasion Mr. Manning stated how he was situated , that he held some of the loan , and took , the advice of the then Speaker how he was to act . The Speaker decided , that if he possessed any interest in the loan , that was a disqualification for voting , and Mr. Manning accordingly withdrew and did not vote . The other case was that of a bill for incorporating a bread company , consisting of fifty pound shares . Some of the members were part of that community , and the Speaker decided , that they bearing an interest , were not entitled to vote . These were cases which were in point with the present . He held in his hand a list of Bank proprietors , in number 45 , who , as he should contend , possessing from their situations an interest in the present bill for legalising the tender of Bank notes , were consequently disqualified , and ought not to vote . In order to shew the interest these forty-five persons had , it was only necessary for him to refer to the act of 1797 , restricting the issue of gold by the Bank of England . By this act the company were restrained by law from paying their legal creditors in cash , in consequence of which , having before the period of passing the act issued notes to the amount of eleven millions , and supposing that sum to be for their capital , they did , after the passing of the act , increase their issues to twenty-one millions . The effect of the act was this , that there accrued to them a great increase of interest—that in the way 1003 of bonus they had in the 14 years subsequent to 1797 , divided among themselves the enormous sum of six millions sterling ; that they had increased their dividends from seven to ten per cent , and that the rise in the price of their stock was almost unparalleled , it being at that time only 11 8 , and now 230 . All these benefits had been produced by the bill of 1797 , and he would ask , what greater interest could they have than in their being invested with the power of coining ? Could the case before alluded to be put in comparison with this power ? Would it be contended by any one that it was right for the House to permit them to double their fortunes ? With respect to the