He was surprised at the statement which had been made of the prosperous state of our affairs , and regarded it as a delusion , which , if given into , would render it impossible for us to survive our present difficulties . If the bill before the House were carried , it would go to make the bank note a legal tender , and that must lead to its farther depreciation . He was anxious to give the supporters of the measure a timely warning before they proceeded too far , as he was confident no victory would gratify our enemy so much , or so strongly prove the complete success of his endeavours to injure this country , as the passing of an act subversive of the ancient rights of the constitution . thought it would be unbecoming to pass the bill , under all the circumstances of the case , without having first the opinions of the judges . He would therefore move as an amendment , that after the word `` That , '' words should be inserted summoning the judges to attend that House to-morrow . spoke in favour of the amendment , as after what had fallen from the noble and learned lord in the course of debate , their opinions were necessary to explain the bill . in explanation , repeated that the law of the country would remain the same after the passing of the act as at present in cases of execution , and said that the landlord who took a note must take it for the sum specified in it and when distraining must submit to have such a note so offered to him . rose to move for certain papers , upon the subject of the prosecution against a man of the name of De Yonge , convicted of selling guineas . To this motion he understood 882 there was no objection , and , he should therefore call for copies of the indictment , under which the prosecution was carried on twelve months since . The case of this man was , in his opinion , a peculiarly hard one : he had been prosecuted under an obsolete statute passed in the reign of Edward the 6th , which provided a punishment for what was thereby constituted a crime . Upon that prosecution he was convicted , but a point of law was urged by his counsel , and reserved by the Judge who tried him for the opinion of the twelve judges . The question for consideration was , whether the act imputed to the defendant was a crime or not . Tue noble lord saw nothing but hardship in the case , for De Yonge had done nothing more than what bankers and merchants were constantly in the habit of doing and of course were amenable for it under the statute alluded to , namely , paying a premium for gold and silver , not certainly for any unjust uses , but to carry their business on . The act imposed a punishment both on buyer and seller . When persons of such great consequence in the state were amenable , it was rather hard to select an unknown individual like De Yonge for prosecution . When the arguments came on , the decision was delayed from term to term on account of their not being complete ; and it was not until the expiration of twelve months that De Yonge was enabled to obtain a decision , which was in his favour , and he was acquitted by the opinion of the twelve judges , they being of opinion that no prosecution could lie . Under these circumstances , he wished to bring the matter before the House , in order that some remedy might be applied to prevent a recurrence of the evil , De Yonge having been put to great expence in defending himself , and to much inconvenience , by the great delay before the decision was known . The noble lord then moved for a copy of the Indictment found against De Yonge for selling guineas ; and also of the