it to a final issue . But even if he were to be so wanting in consistency , there are others who would undertake the duty . The depreciation of paper is become manifest to the whole world ; the loss is no longer inconsiderable ; it now amounts to twenty per cent . nearly ; and as the law has not yet rendered it compulsory in the acquittal of obligations , men owe it to them-selves , men owe it to their country to appeal to those laws which are stilt in existence for the protection of individuals , and for a fair and just fulfilment of contracts . This therefore is no other than a prefatory measure , to render bank-notes ' a legal tender . The Chancellor of the ; Exchequer , with that fairness , and I will-add with that courage , which belongs to him , has distinctly stated his purpose . He has distinctly announced , that unless wear content to receive bank-notes in all payments , unless we are content to forego , the rights we derive from the law ; he with propose to parliament , to render them a legal tender . I now therefore implore , the House gravely to consider what in every country has been the effect of such a mea- 1045 sure . Has it not universally been attended with the ruin of the public creditor , and with the subversion of private property ? And by what delusion , by what infatuation is it supposed , that to us alone belongs an exemption from calamities , which have ensued among all other nations ? Great offence is taken by gentlemen , when , tracing the progress of this measure , among other nations , it is said : you will proceed from legal tender to a maximum , and by a maximum cause a total stoppage of all pursuits of trade and agriculture . I am willing to allow , that in the present state of men 's minds , it seems impossible we should ever be brought to enact laws of this nature ; but how gradually do the necessities resulting from our own improvidence , and the difficulty of tracing back our steps , alter our opinions , and induce our assent to measures formerly regarded with the utmost reprobation ! In fact is not this very law a law of maximum in respect of gold and paper currency , which must aggravate the evil it is designed to remedy , by banishing from the market an article no longer permitted to find its own value ? And is it not supported by a minister , who first recommended himself to public favour , by minutely tracing the progress of similar measures among our enemy ? Before we give sanction to the roost oppressive laws ever adopted in any country , to support a depreciated currency , it is not necessary for us to depart further from our present opinions , than we have already departed from the maxims of our ancestors , when we listen with complacency to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , suggesting the future necessity of paper currency becoming legal tender , and a director of the Bank proposing the immediate adoption of such a resolution . How little are we now conscious of the pride and exultation with which we once repeated to ourselves the well-known words of Mr. Burke , `` our paper has a value in commerce , because in law it has none—it is powerful on Change , because in Westminster Hall it is impotent ! '' Then it was the just boast of an Englishman , that a creditor might refuse all the paper of the Bank of England in payment of a debt of twenty shillings . Now we overwhelm with reproach the individual who has been found to exercise the right . I am not disposed to exaggerate the gloom which such changes of opinion , and such measures , inspire ; and since it is 1046 offensive to so many gentlemen to designate Bank-notes by the term of assignats , I will