any such disposition . said , he had no wish to spoil the jokes of the right hon . gent , but would remind him that the Bill itself positively prohibited any person from giving his Bank note for less than it was worth . did not think the bestowing money for charitable purposes could be called throwing it away . The hon . and learned gent , had not fairly interpreted his last observation , and might have recollected , that Swift 1110 had pronounced nothing to be more arbitrary , than for a man to make himself ridiculous , and then be angry at others for laughing . replied , that he perfectly agreed in the doctrine of dean Swift ; and it was under its influence , that when he heard the right hon . gent , enter into a discussion of the expediency of preventing the keepers of turnpikes from collecting silver , or becoming petty traders in silver bullion , he had not been able to keep his countenance . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration the Amendments made by the Commons to this Bill ; and they having been read and agreed to , his lordship moved , that a message be sent to the Commons , informing them that the House had agreed to the said Amendments . then rose , and took a review of the circumstances under which this Bill had originated , and the whole subject connected with it . His lordship attributed the adoption of the Bill by ministers , not to the notice given by lord King , but to the decision of the Judges in the case of De Yonge , and was of opinion that the real object of the Bill , as altered by ministers , was to give redress ( if he might use the term upon this subject ) against the decision of the Judges . The question as to the depreciation of Bank-notes , was one which certainly required the most deliberate investigation , and perhaps was a subject which rather `` ought to be written upon than debated . There were , however , certain facts , which it was quite impossible to controvert , and which must , in his opinion , clearly demonstrate the depreciation . The gold coin of the country was not admissible in circulation , except it was of the standard weight and fineness . Five pennyweights eleven grains was the standard weight of the guinea , and it was gold of this standard weight that Bank notes promised to pay , or fractional parts in silver , of a fixed standard , if , therefore , the Bank note was convertible into gold , and the price of gold rose , the value of the Bank note must rise in the same proportion . If a 1111 Bank note promised to pay a yard of cloth of a certain breadth and fineness , and there was no difficulty in procuring the yard of cloth to discharge the note , if the price of the cloth rose , the value of the note would rise also . But if the cloth could not be produced in discharge of the note , then the note would become depreciated so , if the gold was not forth-coming to pay the note , the latter must also become depreciated . The price of gold having risen above the expressed value of the note , was complete evidence of the depreciation of the latter . The Bank note was of no value in itself but only of value from its representing a certain quantity of gold . It was impossible in any other manner to affix a value to it . Those who argued on the other side had a notion that the Bank notes represented certain commercial transactions , and that they were issued upon the credit of certain commodities . But if this were the case , the Bank note issued upon the security of any one commodity would fluctuate in value , according as the price of that commodity rose or fell .