expression of `` pedlaring and smuggling , '' he had merely said , `` that he did not believe that in any case but in transactions of that description , any person could be found to have adopted the mode of proceeding recommended by the noble lord . '' The change of opinion which had been spoken of , had only occurred when it was found that there was a large party disposed to encourage , countenance , and patronize such conduct , though no one had avowed an intention of following it . When that was found to be the case , the measure was thought to be necessary to guard against interested persons taking advantage of the opportunity afforded and encouraged by the applause bestowed on the noble lord . moved that the Bill be read a second time on Monday . moved as an Amendment , `` That the House be called over on Monday se'nnight . thought the motion unnecessary , and took an opportunity of explaining what had fallen from him early in the evening on the subject of making bank paper a legal tender . He had said if the present measure did not succeed , ( and it might not if a combination were formed against it ) the same necessity which had imposed this , might drive him to the measure of which he had spoken . He hoped this would prove effectual , but at the same time , if it did not , justice might require that they should go further , and make bank paper a legal tender . said , the right hon . gent . in objecting to the motion , seemed to think that what fell from a person of his eminence in debate , was not enough to render it necessary to take any particular step , and justify the enforcing of the proposed call of the House . He could however recall to his memory one instance in which Mr. Pitt had taken such a step on such an occasion . In consequence of some opinion expressed by Mr. Fox , Mr. Pitt thought it right to persuade the House to stop in their proceedings , and come to a decision on that opinion before they did any thing else . What was the origin of the present Bill ? When it was brought in by lord Stanhope it was thought unnecessary , but in consequence of what had come out in debate , ministers had changed their opinion . The right hon . gentleman had now , in the course of debate , said that on the subject of making Bank-paper 3 legal tender , which called for the most serious consideration , and therefore he thought the House ought to be called over . A division took place , when the numbers were—For the Motion 20 ; Against it 63 ; Majority 43 . Some conversation next took place , on the motion of Mr. Tierney , for the appointment of a Committee of Secrecy , to inquire into the effects of the Orders in Council of the 27th of February , 1797 . After a short discussion the House again divided , said he felt it his duty to bring forward some further propositions respecting this important subject . What he had proposed already , what their lordships had clone in consequence , and what , he trusted , the House of Commons would do before the close of the session , was by no means sufficient for the attainment of the object he had in view . This would be found so , The Bill which he had proposed , he , from the beginning , had expressed his wish to be understood so , was only an incipient , an introductory measure , and something farther was essentially necessary to follow upon it . In effect , if he might be allowed to speak figuratively , what he had proposed was no more than a palliative remedy—a plaister for the wound ; nay , a plaister merely calculated to keep the wasps and flies from the wound until the