at a time when they judged it ought to be rejected after full investigation and living evidence ? He saw some gentlemen opposite very ardently supporting this claim , which , convinced in his conscience he was , had it been brought forward by government , they would without hesitation have pronounced to be one of the most flagrant and abominable jobs that ever originated with a minister . The case was this : Mr. Palmer had for his invention received an office , connected with the faithful discharge of which he was to have a pecuniary remuneration . He had by gross misconduct proved himself unworthy of his office , and of course his emolument ceased . Yet on his dismissal he had received 3,000l . a year ; and with this , in his opinion , he ought to be content and grateful . The right hon . gent . here read the correspondence of Mr. Palmer to prove his misconduct when in office ; and from a review of this , he had no hesitation in pronouncing him guilty of a conspiracy with those beneath him , for the purpose of frustrating the object for which he was appointed ; namely , the acceleration of the distribution of letters . Having gone through the matter of the claim , be must now refer to the manner in which it was attempted to be carried ; and this he must call most unconstitutional . They were to address the Prince Regent to advance the money , and to promise that parliament 265 would make it good . From what was he to advance it , or what right had they to promise that parliament would make it good ? Why should they promise for the House of Lords , and that in a matter in which they were doing all they could to frustrate their decision ? In his opinion , neither the merits nor mode of this claim could be justly supported . said , he was particularly desirous to make a few observations on what had fallen from the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , for a more unconstitutional doctrine he had never heard delivered in that House . He believed the right hon . gent . was the first Chancellor of the Exchequer who had ever thought it necessary to appeal to the House of Lords in a case which related to the disposal of the public money . If his doctrine were true , how came it that the land and malt tax was always voted , and the money advanced upon it , long before a Bill was brought in to that House ; and where had been the instance in which the Lords had signified any opposition to it : If such a thing could be supposed , the Bank would act very idly in advancing the money before the Bill had passed both Houses . With respect to the argument of not renewing the application after the year 1797 , during the life time of Mr. Pitt , he thought there was a very good reason to be given ; Mr. Pitt was as persevering a man as Mr. Palmer , with rather more power at his command ; but though Mr. Palmer did not actually bring forward his case before parliament , he never ceased to keep up his claim in the memory of his friends , and to apply to them for advice how to act ; and they were all of opinion that to bring it forward again during Mr. Pitt 's administration , would be at least fruitless . Mr. Sheridan said , he had it in his power to speak very decidedly on this subject , because the plan had first been shewn to him when Secretary to the Treasury during the administration of the duke of Portland ; and when that administration went out , he told Mr. Pitt what had been the intention of that noble duke and lord John Cavendish ; which was to give a salary of a certain sum for life , and a percentage .