in small parties , and some of those at night rather intoxicated . The clamour against the bread was kept up by these people ; and loaves were found kicked about the streets , a proof that there was no attempt to try the bread . After this , the words , `` sour bread , '' and other insulting expressions , were chalked upon the wails—placards were hung up—the officers were hissed down the parade—and still the ringleader could not be found . The officers , however , were anxious that something should be done ; the spirit was too dangerous to be passed over , and it was important to find out who was the exciter of the spirit . Taylor wrote the song of which so much had been said , and exhibited himself as a prominent parson . He was punished ; not for the song , as was absurdly said , but for the part which he had taken . His punishment was partially inflicted , and he acknowledged its leniency in the presence of the surgeon . Some of Taylor 's comrades had come into the room and were reproaching him with faint hearted-ness . Taylor told them , and repeated it to the surgeon , that he now was satisfied that without discipline , subordination could not exist ; that the sentence was merciful , and his punishment lenient . So much with regard to the cruelty . As to the other statements of the hon . baronet , he hoped they were exaggerated . Some of those cases arose from regimental courts martial , which of course could not come within his cognizance ; but they might be examined into . A few days ago , the Duke of York directed , that a regular return should be made of the sentences of regimental courts martial . The statement of the desertions was exaggerated . The hon . baronet had apparently concluded , that the whole number of 879 desertions implied so many individuals . This was a mistake , for the same individual sometimes deserted five or six times before he could be finally prevented . There were some parts of the hon . baronet 's statement which he had heard with great regret . Such were those expressions , that the '' state of the British soldier was looked upon with horror by other troops . It was the first time such an idea had been 707 started . The practice which had been lately adopted , of bringing military subjects before the House in all cases , was mischievous . Much mischief must be done by its growing into a custom . If parliament made itself a court of military appeal , it would soon find that it had taken upon it an excessive burthen . It was unfounded to attribute the perfection of our discipline to any thing but the mutual respect of officer and soldier . This was not meant to cut off the appeal to the authority of the House in matters of extensive military policy , but to make that application customary would unhinge the whole frame of discipline . The source of the late glorious successes of our soldiers was not numbers , they were always inferior ; nor exclusive courage , for it would be a calumny to suppose all other nations cowards . The system would be broken down by this habit of appeals to parliament . If the army were accustomed to make those appeals , some trifling abuses might be corrected , but the army would be gone . Where was the substitute for the present system ; Imprisonment was now part of it . Capital punishment might be used ; but was it to be said that there was to be no punishment , except capital , for the higher offences ? regretted that the actual statement of the hon . baronet seemed to have totally escaped the hon . member , whose speech was much more like a prepared anticipation of a speech expected , than an answer to one made . The cases which his hon .