the clerk as the servant of their lordships generally , and not solely of the noble and learned lord on the woolsack.—The noble earl went through a variety of particulars respecting the general subject , and appealed to a memorial sent eleven years ago , by Sir Alexander Cochrane , complaining of the practice of employing one sole proctor in causes and frequently in appeals . The Appeals in that House , in 1810 , were two hundred 784 and nine , and only four judgments were given . This was contrary to those true principles of the constitution he had learned , and hoped to hand down . It was contrary to the provisions of Magna Charta . He then moved for sundry accounts of Prize Money paid and due ; and another motion for the number of Appeals at the beginning of the present session , with the number of judgments thereon , and the number of those withdrawn , distinguishing such as come from England , Scotland , or Ireland . He expressed his intention of following up those motions , if agreed to , in the course of the next session . moved the order of the day for the second reading of this Bill . The Bill being read by the clerk , his lordship said , he was extremely happy to see around him on this occasion several noble lords who were not present before when he brought the matter forward , as it afforded hint an opportunity of explaining the object he had in view by this Bill . But before he told them what the Bill was , he would tell them what it was not . It was not , as it had by some been erroneously supposed to be , a Bill to make Bank-notes a legal tender ; and indeed it would be highly improper that such a Bill should pass ; because the person who might refuse a Bank-note on the ground of supposing it to be forged , might be by this means brought into an unpleasant dilemma . He would now state what the Bill was , and his reasons for proposing it ; and , in the first place , he would examine if his foundation was good , and then explain the nature of the superstructure it was his design to raise upon it . His Bill went simply to this , that it should not be legal to give more than 21s . for a guinea , or less for a Bank-note than the amount for which it purported to be payable . The idea of offering this Bill originated to him on the bringing up of the Bank Token Bill from the other House ; the nature of which Bill was to facilitate the introduction of a new circulating medium . On that occasion he had pointed out to their lordships the necessity of establishing some legal tender throughout the country , other than that which it was now impossible to procure . To illustrate the necessity for this , he would suppose that a person agreed to purchase an estate for one hundred thou- 785 sand pounds , that the title was good , and that no object stood in the way of the completion of the bargain . But suppose , when the price stipulated came to be paid , that the seller should say , `` I expect to be paid in guineas , and will not transfer the estate unless I am so paid ; '' would their lordships think the purchaser fairly or justly dealt with ? Would they not rather consider it to be wrong to require him to perform a physical impossibility , by procuring so many guineas ? Yet the law , as it stood , did not afford him any remedy against this unreasonable demand . This was precisely the state of the case , and he would now state the principles on which he maintained that the plan he proposed ought to be adopted It had been his peculiar good fortune in life to be acquainted with many great and eminent men