, without any unjust loss to any debtor on that account . 2 . `` That it is most highly expedient that such internal circulating medium and 910 legal measure of the relative value of different commodities and things , be so contrived as not to be unsteady , fluctuating , and variable ; but to be fixed and invariable , so far as the nature of things can possibly admit . 3 . `` That two or more circulating mediums , which , under any given circumstances whatsoever , can vary considerably in their relative value when compared to each other , can not , under such given circumstances , exist together , so as to form together a fixed , invariable , and proper circulating medium , and a proper legal measure of the relative value of different commodities and things . 4 . `` That it is , therefore , highly expedient , that whenever ( for the sake of more convenience ) different internal circulating mediums shall be by law either established or allowed , some one only of them be made the permanent legal standard measure of the relative value of different commodities and things . 5 . `` That it is therefore expedient that such permanent legal standard measure as aforesaid be so contrived as to be divisible into such parts as may bear to each other any requirable proportion , in order not only that all round sums , but likewise that all fractional sums whatsoever , may be paid and satisfied by means thereof . 6 . `` That is it moreover expedient that such permanent legal standard measure , and circulating medium as aforesaid , be so contrived as to be easily , rapidly , and safely transferable , without expense , from , any one person to any other person , and from any one part of the country to another , either for the use and benefit of the same individual , or of any other individual , free from any depreciation , defalcation , or discount , and free from any loss by forgery , or by wear and tear , and also free from any danger of loss that might arise from housebreakers , highway robbers , mobs , insurrections , or even from foreign invasion in any particular district , and likewise free from any loss that might arise from the accidental or intentional destruction of any dwelling-house , banking-house , or other building , by fire or otherwise ; and , moreover , free from any loss of interest on any quantity , however considerable , of circulating medium , which shall or may hereafter exist , and be transferable in any of the various ways above-mentioned , and ( above all things ) free from being affected by the course of all or any of the foreign exchanges . 911 7 . `` That neither gold nor silver ever did possess , or ever can possess , the various important and requisite qualities which are above particularly specified ; and that , not only each of those precious metals ( technically so called ) , but likewise every one of the other articles of merchandize , by means of which British debts to foreign nations can be discharged , is ( from the irremediable fluctuability of their value , arising from the necessary fluctuability of the course of foreign exchanges ) an improper and an unfit legal standard to serve as a fixed , invariable , and permanent measure of the relative value of different commodities and things within the country itself , which is the grand and essential end and object of an internal circulating medium , whether the same be imperiously wanted for the use of individuals within this realm , in order for them to purchase from each other , either the objects of luxury , or even the necessaries of life , or whether such internal circulating medium be required for the indispensible services of the state . 8 . `` That the want of gold in circulation , in this country at present , prevent bankers and other persons