estimation ? '' If the Resolution had purported merely that by law the guinea could pass for no more than twenty-one shillings , perhaps the right hon . gent . may have the law on his side . But this proposition he had the sagacity to see would not answer his purpose . It would do nothing for the Bank note . It would settle the proportion between gold and silver coin ; but not between either of those metals and Bank paper . Bank papery until it is made the paper of the state , and a legal tender ( which as yet happily it is not ) , must depend upon confidence for its value ; and I am afraid that confidence may rather be impaired than restored by such a Resolution as the right hon . gentleman 's . There is , however , yet one addition , which qualifies the right hon . gentleman 's proposition . Bank notes are not only `` equivalent to legal coin , '' it seems , but are `` generally accepted as such ; '' which to be sure it is natural to expect they should be , if equivalent . They are so accepted , however , not in all transactions . No , —only in `` transactions to which such coin is legally applicable . '' There are transactions then , it seems , in which they are not accepted as equivalent ? Yes , —but those transactions are not legal ones . Is the purchase of gold bullion a legal transactions I presume it is . A lb . : of gold bullion is at this moment worth about 58l . 16s . in Bank notes : 58l . 16s . in guineas , according to their current value , makes fifty six guineas . Now forty-four and a half of these guineas , we know 111 weigh exactly lib . The right hon . gent. , therefore , means gravely to affirm that there exist persons who will with equal readiness give 58l . 16s . in Bank notes , or fifty-six golden guineas , in payment for a commodity which is intrinsically worth exactly forty-four guineas and a half . It warms one 's heart to hear such heroic in stances of more than Roman virtue : but I must be permitted to doubt whether they can be ; truly stated to be as `` general '' as the right hon . gentleman supposes . I doubt whether even the patriotic lottery-man from whom the right hon . gent , has borrowed his third Resolution , would make such a sacrifice as this to the laws of his country . I doubt whether the right hon . gent , himself does not stand the single in-stance of such striking self devotion : and would again submit to him , therefore , whether his third Resolution , instead of affirming any thing about the public , ought not to run singly in his own name . But after all , is the right hon . gent , sure that he is prepared to define exactly , at this moment , the legality or illegality of interchanging guineas and Bank notes , at any other than the nominal current value ? What cognizance does the law take of the rate at which Bank notes shall pass ? Is there any law which touches this matter ? If any body had such a fancy for Bank notes , and differed so entirely from the Bullion Committee , and from the right hon . gent. , as to think them not only not depreciated in respect to coin , but as worth being bought up in coin at a premium ; is there any law which would prevent him from gratifying his taste in this particular ? If for more , might be not also buy them for less than their nominal value ? If there any law to prevent that ? The man who has been convicted and is how expecting judgment for buying guineas at a premium , might be not justly aver that he had only