, that the hon . member had met with a just rebuke , not only from the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer , but from the English Chancellor of the Exchequer also . again interfered , begging of the hon . general to spare such remarks as by the rules of the House were forbidden . again expressed his pleasure at the check the honourable member had received . asked if it was the pleasure of the House that the orders should be acted up to ? This being answered by calls of Chair ! chair ! from every part of the House , the Speaker then informed 587 the hon . general , that by the usage of the House , such reflections as he had made were forbidden ; on which the hon . member sat down . declared it had never been his practice or his inclination to talk disrespectfully of an individual , still more of a whole nation . He had looked into the financial situation of Ireland ; and it was a thorough conviction of the dilapidated state of its finances which had induced him to make the observations which had given offence to the hon . general . His experience since that time , however , had confirmed rather than removed the impressions he then felt . As to the hon . member , he had always felt and expressed himself towards him with respect . With regard to the affairs of Ireland , it would be to the advantage of that country , of other gentlemen belonging to England had attended to them as he ( Mr . B . ) had done . declared himself satisfied with the explanation . said , it was for the hon . general to have explained . thought he had already done so . observed , that he was much obliged to the hon . gent . for having brought the question before the House . He could not agree with the learned doctor , that tythes were as much the property of the clergy , as the land was to the landholder . He knew of forty acres of potatoe ground , in the diocese of Cashel , where the landholder had to pay five pound an acre tythes . Would it be said that this was not a great evil ; and why , then , should not the House pledge themselves to investigate the subject in the next session ? It appeared to him to be the old story ; for whether it was the case of reform , Catholic emancipation , or tythes , he never knew the administration acknowledge that they ought to be relieved , and that the Petitions presented to them merely arose from the turbulent spirit of the people . Would any rational set of men believe this to be the fact , when the very accused were the supporters of the constitution ? If the people of Ireland had the same foresight before the Union as they had now , they would have got what they were now seeking for . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) had often brought forward similar measures in the Irish parliament . Although they had been lost , he had the satisfaction of knowing they were approved of by the people . Al- 588 though not in parliament at the time of the Union , he was one of those who was led astray , for he thought its basis was Catholic emancipation , and the regulation of tythes . The abuses in proctorage , and the evils arising from the variety of tythes , as stated by the right hon . Secretary , appeared to him to be strong rea-sons for going into the inquiry , rather than reasons against it . But whatever decision the House now came to , the application he hoped would be repeated , till a remedy was found for so great an evil . supported the motion , on the ground that , as the existence of a great evil was admitted on all hands , the House ought not