and learned member who was the chairman of that Committee , and had consequently held forth the expediency of 886 suffering the intervention of two years before the period of resuming cash payments , ought surely to come forward in aid of the Bank in the mean time . He was aware that it had been asserted from high authority , and asserted with great confidence , that at no antecedent period was the gold more plentiful or cheaper than it was at present . This was certainly at variance with all that had been hitherto heard , and notwithstanding the assertion came from men who imagined that the enjoyed and monopolized all the talent and statesman-like knowledge of the country , he had no hesitation to say it was most preposterous and absurd . He should have thought it the duty of those who had been instrumental in causing the original restriction , not to attempt to depreciate the paper , which , if it was altered in its nature , had been altered by themselves . After all that had been said by many who appeared to wish to oppress and stigmatise all who refused to admit their superior wisdom , and to idolize their superior talents , could any thing be more manifestly unjust , than that a person having 6,000l . in the funds , and renting a farm of 300l . per annum , should be obliged to receive the interest of the former in paper , and pay the latter in gold at its present excessive price . It would be highly desirable , he readily agreed , to avoid making bank notes a legal tender ; but if , from the state of the country , from any accidental alarm , or other causes , it might no longer be desirable , he was prepared to say that it might become a proper and expedient measure . In the year 1797 , Mr. Pitt had himself entertained great doubts as to the policy of their making the notes legal tender ; and those doubts were , he believed , chiefly removed from his mind by the meeting of the merchants , and the universal disposition displayed to take the notes without any such legal enactment . He saw in his place an hon . alderman ( Combe ) , who had then inquired if it was the intention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to propose the legal tender between individuals as well as between government and the subject , to which he answered , that he believed it to be unnecessary . When interrogated as to the probability of its becoming necessary , he replied that it was impossible to declare ; Mr. Fox then wished to know his opinion respecting the tendency of the measure to create that effect , to which Mr. Pitt answered , that he had no opinion ( Hear ! hear ! ) 887 He might quote sir F. Baring , no mean authority , on a question of this kind , in confirmation of the opinion that the policy commenced in the year 1797 , with respect to the issues of the bank , must necessarily terminate in making bank notes a legal tender . Still , however , it was a point to which he should very unwillingly accede , and which he confidently hoped would be found an unnecessary measure , both from the injustice of the proceeding , which must lead to it , and the odium that bad already attached to the conduct which he had before referred to . The comparison instituted between the paper currency of this country and the assignats in France , at least admitted of this consolation , that when the restriction was originally proposed , the same sort of observation was made , the same gloomy predictions uttered , and the same confident assertions of our being not on the verge , but in the very gulph of ruin . We had , however , since passed fourteen years , and during the whole period had increased in external strength , in a ratio equal to