length , would immediately endeavour to abolish the tythes . He wished they were abolished in Ireland . It would be a great good to Protestant as well as Catholic . The Church which , be it recollected , was a human arrangement , not one made by Him who came from heaven , would then have its property in land . The plan of commutation of tythes for land had been carried a certain way in this country ; and both parties could hardly fail to make a good bargain . He was sorry to hear , that the Church had , of late opposed that commutation . But why did the right hon . gent , set up against this motion a bugbear—an alarm of doing that which would do so much good to the Protestant and Catholic peasant ? All this time they talked of the Church as perfect—zealous in the discharge of its duties—without spot or blame . Was that the case ? Where the Church failed , he was glad to see sectaries rise . It was of the last importance that the minds of the people should be furnished with religious instruction . The worship of God ought not to be neglected , because churchmen did not do their duty . Where the Church lost , it was fortunate for the community that the sectary gained ; and if the Church was negligent in Ireland , why should not the Cathoiic gain ? Adverting to the good effect that had resulted from the defeat of lord Sidmouth 's Bill , by the united opposition of the Dissenters , the hon . gent . observed , that before he complimented the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon his conduct in that matter , he would have been sure that he deserved it . He did not know that the right hon . gent . had been hostile to that measure . But whether hostile or not , the opposition to it was such , that no minister could have carried it . The Catholics came in the same manner—they prayed for these privileges—they had said that their sovereign had been gracious to them—that he had conferred many favours on them . An hon . friend of his had endeavoured to illustrate the bad effects that would result from this measure , by citing from history the efforts of the Roman plebians to render themselves equally admissible to the higher offices of the state with 423 the patricians . He had expected to hear this followed up by a statement , that when the plebeians had succeeded , they poured into these offices as the Roman Catholics , it was presumed , would pour into this House . But what was the fact ? Why , that nene of the plebeians were elected for some years . But it had been stated , that his friend 's had themselves held out that these claims ought not to be considered , without the admission of the veto . They had said no such thing . The cause had been pleaded by Mr. Fox , who said nothing of this veto . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) had afterwards said that be had authority to concede it , and with this he was now taunted . Why , he thought he had authority—he thought Dr. Milner one worthy of trust , because he was a man held in general esteem . What Dr. Milner now appeared to be all must know . His right hon . friend had been deceived ; but he had rather be the deceived than the deceiver . It had also been urged that this would increase the influence of Buonaparté . How ? He had the pope in his power indeed ; but would the Irish Catholics be less inclined to foreign influence with their grievances existing ; than they would be if they were removed ? Or was not the removal of grievances the only effectual way to counteract that influence ? Had the Pope prevented Spain and Portugal from resisting Buonaparté ? The case was so clear that