metals there , but they never can get enough of them . The interest of money is very high , because it is necessary to produce , and often to advance the metals in payment . They hardly ever admit of promises or engagements to pay , placing no reliance on them . The working people are very 162 poor , and the rich are at the same time wicked and powerful . '' Let us proceed briefly to analyze this statement : `` In the Indies , the quantity of the precious metals is enormous , and though Europe and America are constantly adding to the supply , yet they ( the natives of India ) can never get enough of them . `` —The circulation of the country , therefore , can not be increased according to the increasing demand for it , an advantage which paper , when properly regulated , possesses in an eminent degree , and by means of which , a country , being independent of foreign nations for its medium of circulation , can increase or diminish it as its interests may require . `` The interest of money is high . `` —What a misfortune ! What a bar to national prosperity ! Interest in the Indies is said to be 1 per cent . per month , or 12 per cent . per annum . I should be glad to know what the middling classes of the community , the farmer , the tradesman , the shopkeeper , and oilier industrious descriptions of persons , would say , if they were to be changed 12 per cent . as interest . They could not carry on their business , without , demanding such enormous additional prices for their commodities , compared to the quantity of currency in circulation , as would in a great measure prevent the sale of them . `` The working people are very poor . `` —No wonder : for wages in the East Indies are only at the rate of 2½d . per day . Permit me to ask , bow the industrious classes of the community , in this country , could bear such a reduction in their wages , and whether such a fall in the price of labour is at all calculated for the meridian of England ? We are told indeed , that when this mighty project is completed , 2½d . in coin , may go as far as 2s . 6d . in paper . Any great alteration in the value or amount of our currency , however , could not be effected without a convulsion . What is to become of the merchant , the manufacturer , the landlord , the fanner , the tradesmen of every description , whilst this great and momentous operation is going forward ? What , in the interim , is to become of the revenue ? What of the payment of the interest of the national debt ? What of the Sinking Fund , that palladium of our national property ? What of the charges of our fleet ? What of the maintenance of our army ? And what of all the other innumerable articles of expence incident to the situation 163 and circumstances of a great empire ? I repeat it again , that any great reduction in the price of goods , or any important alteration in the value of our currency , could not be effected , without a complete convulsion . The enemy know this well , and do every thing in their power to drive us down that precipice , which it would never again be in our power to remount . `` The rich are wicked and powerful . `` —Dealing in usury , they are of course wicked , ( for nothing is more apt to degrade the character of a man ) , and by engrossing all the wealth of the country , they are enabled to trample on the rest of the community , and to render the inferior classes truly miserable . Such is the situation of extensive countries , where the precious