very considerable for some period ; but he had no doubt , and , indeed , sincerely trusted , that they would ultimately be very much diminished , as in proportion to that diminution would the encouragement to English articles increase . These duties he proposed to go in accumulation of the war taxes , and he conceived , that in giving 866,600l . to the war taxes he should not be unjostified in taking from them 465,403l . which sum , added to the produce of the two duties on spirits , viz . 751,000l . would give him the 1,215,819l . which he required . Then , however , there would be a balance of 300,000l . of the war taxes unappropriated and applicable to the ways and means of the year , and also 600,000l . of surplus of the consolidated fund . The Committee must recollect , that these new taxes had been voted at an advanced period of the year , one quarter having nearly elapsed , and a consequent deficiency of one fourth ensuing ; it would therefore be expedient to meet this deficiency out of the surplus of the Consolidated fund , and 250,000l . must be deducted from the 600,000l . on that account . He had now to submit to the Committee a very important consideration , to which he should call their most serious attention . As soon as the the present subject was finished his right hon . friend ( Mr. Foster ) would proceed to lay before them the situation of the finances of Ireland . His right hon . friend would have to state that he had borrowed for the service of Ireland 2,500,000l . in that country , and that he had borrowed 4,500,000l . in England for the same service . To meet the expences of the loan raised in Ireland , his right hon . friend was ready to propose the necessary taxes ; but he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had no hesitation in saying that he trusted the Committee would agree with him in thinking that , in the present distressed state of the Irish 219 Finances , it would not be wise or expedient to call on his right hon . friend to lay taxes on that country for the purpose of meeting the expences of the loan of 4,500,000l . raised in England . It was therefore his intention to propose to the English members and the Irish members of the House of Commons , that the expences of that part of the loan raised for the service of Ireland should be charged on the Consolidated Fund of England ( as a loan to Ireland ) in order to procure the public creditor a permanent security , and for at least a twelvemonth , while an inquiry was making into the finances of that country , to bear the interest of the money so raised . He trusted that the Committee would be of opinion , let whatever might be the issue of that inquiry , that it would be advisable to come forward in the way which he recommended , and out of the comparative affluence of the English finances , to afford aid to Ireland in the hour of her particular embarrassment . With a view of furnishing the Committee with the means by which this great good could be effected to Ireland , without any inconvenience to this country , he had forborne to take more than 5,000,000l . from the surplus of the Consolidated Fund , leaving a sufficient sum to meet the proposed charge . Though this was a novel proposition , he was persuaded that it would be received without grudging , or any indisposition on the part of the Committee , to afford to Ireland that assistance which he had shewn could be afforded to her , without any material inconvenience to Great Britain . He repeated , that the inconvenience would be immaterial ; for what was the nature of the additional taxes , by which the surplus of the Consolidated Fund-would be so much increased as to enable the