before their lordships . The noble and learned lord had most grievously disappointed him in the hope which he cherished—most confidently cherished , from some observations in the outset of his speech ; that he would have distinctly stated what would be the effect of this Bill . But , after listening with the utmost attention , he still remained on that point in the most complete and total ignorance . The noble and learned lord told what every one knew , that landlords had various remedies against tenants for the recovery of their rents ; that they might proceed by the different modes of distress , ejectment , action of covenant , or debt . From the language of this Bill , he presumed it took away the remedy of distress . Now ' , what he wanted to know distinctly from the noble and learned lord , was , in what situation the landlord would stand with regard to his tenant , when this Bill should have obtained the sanction of the legislature ? Would they still retain the remedy by ejectment , and action of debt and covenant ? The noble and learned lord has not told us , continued lord Grenville , how they will stand in this respect , though , as I understand it , they are still to retain these remedies—but a more alarming view of the subject than that taken by the noble and learned lord , I never before heard in any discussion upon any question . Recollect , my Lords , the effect will not stop with the landlord and tenant ; it will pervade every contract , every transaction of exchange in this commercial country ; and , astonishing and painful as it was to me to hear the speech of the noble 854 and learned lord , I am glad that he has relieved the question from the invidious aspersions with which it has been connected—that he has admitted it to be one affecting not any particular class , but every description of persons in this great trading country . But , the argument of the noble and learned lord is this—that the system was established long ago , and that this Bill is necessary to support it . What then , according to his own description , will be its effect ? He has adverted to all the enormities , to all the horrors which such a system is calculated to produce—and what is the conclusion ? What must every one have expected to follow ? Surely that the system ought to be abandoned . That , however , is not the noble and learned lord 's conclusion . No ; but because it is destructive of every fair reciprocity in transactions between man and man—be-cause its continuance is inconsistent with any thing like justice , in matters of contract , commercial or agricultural—because it is ruinous to the public creditor—because it completely overturns the radical and fundamental principles of exchange , and agreements of every description—you are to aggravate and ex-tend the existing evil by making it impossible for one man—nay for one transaction , to pass , without feeling its effects.—I beg your lordships to attend to the picture which has been presented to you , of the consequences with regard to men in indigent circumstances ; the noble and learned lord has , indeed , rather drawn his illustration from men in middling circumstances , and he asks whether , when he brings his commodities to market and can only get bank notes , he is to be driven from his house because the landlord chuses to be paid in gold . But , my Lords , if we are to argue upon the admission that the evil exists , I desire to ask , where is this to stop ? If the man of middling circumstances is to be driven from his house because he can not get gold , how will it be when a further depreciation takes place , and when the same destruction overwhelms the poorest masses of the community ? When they will not only want a house ,