England paper had suffered no real depreciation . Such conduct , indeed , as that of lord King , and of those who would recommend the imitation of it , had a tendency to produce that sort of artificial depreciation of the Bank paper , and therefore such a conduct should be rejected , and a legislative measure , something of the nature of the present bill , resorted to , in order to counteract the mischievous effects of such an example.—As to the measure of making Bank notes a legal tender , he hoped it would not be necessary ; he trusted that the seasonable adoption of the present bill would prevent it . The same argument was urged against the measure of 1797 , and the making Bank notes a legal tender was then considered as the necessary consequences of that measure , yet fourteen years had since elapsed . The Bank notes had not yet been made a legal lender , though it was asserted that such must be the immediate consequence of a restriction on the cash payments of the Bank . Indeed , it was difficult to conceive how , with any colour of candour and consistency , the present bill could be opposed by those who advised and supported the measure of 1797.—As to the legal questions started in the course of the debate , he should not be very forward to give an opinion . It had been asked to what would recourse be had in case of distress for rent . He should only say , that the provisions of 979 the present bill were in this respect nearly the same as in that of 1797 ; and in the whole course ; of the time that had since elapsed , only one insignificant ease occurred for a decision of that question . Neither would he say how the courts of equity , would act and decide in such cases . The debt for rent might , he would suppose , be paid into court ; and even were it so paid in gold , the court would pay the money into the Bank , and when the case was decided , and the money called for , the Bank would pay it in paper , and not in gold . Besides other processes than that of distress might be resorted to . There might be some delay in the sentences of the law ; but it should be recollected that the present was only intended as a temporary measure ; and therefore any inconvenience that might arise from it , must also be only temporary . said , that the right hon . gent , had been extremely comical upon one of the most serious subjects that ever came before the House . He had joked upon his conspiracy with lord King , and he had joked , also upon his secret intrigue with lord Stanhope , and he had , then joked upon his secret consultations with lords Grey and Grenville ; but here the joke was against the right hon . gent ; because it Could not be forgotten , that if lords Grey and Grenville bad been willing , the right hon . gent , would have been very glad to have entered into consultation with them.—In alluding to lord King , he paid him every tribute of praise ; but had he been in lord King 's place , he confessed he should not have taken the step that noble lord had done . ( Hear ! ) He wished to be perfectly , understood , in saying this , as not meaning the most distant censure on lord King , whom he believed incapable of an unworthy act . He contended that this measure was , to all intents and purposes , ; making Bank notes a legal tender . What said the bill ? You shall not take a guinea for more than twenty one shillings , and you shall not take a Bank note for less . Guineas : you , can not get , therefore you must take notes , and yet this