be quite madness in the House of Commons to say that in the case of a minor the duke of York should have no power in the regency . It was possible to discuss a case in which all hurry might be against you , and yet all prudence with you . This question not only involved all the principles of our government , but our temporary policy . Again , he was not prepared to say , that in case of the discussion anew of the question of regency on a relapse , that precisely the same restrictions should be enacted , and yet if the House were to go into a Committee that question could not be avoided , so that they would have to fight all the battles of this year over again , and to fight them over again hypothetically . They had already smarted under the late nights and long debates on this subject . In the legislature parliament could not regularly take cognizance of the feelings of the sovereign ; the crown was supposed to be impassive and unfeeling ; but in the present case , they had the recorded feelings of the Prince Regent on this subject ; and the consequence of their present deliberations would be either unnecessarily to wound the feelings of his royal highness , or to come to a Resolution directly the contrary of what they had adopted in the very same session . The only case that could justify their interference in this respect , would be , that his Majesty might recover , and that , during that recovery , the duration would be so short as not to admit of reconsidering the question . , in reply , thought the declaration of ministers the most miserable farce ever played off to the country , when not sanctioned by an act of parliament . He thought the right hon . gentleman perfectly capable of proroguing instantly , if 555 he should think proper . It had been said that there would then exist justifiable grounds for arraigning his conduct , but he had always found , whatever justifiable grounds there might be for arraigning the conduct of ministers , these grounds never appeared to them justifiable . He had found them even voting on such arraigning of their conduct , in favour of themselves , and to hoist their own flags when conscious that if their own votes were withdrawn they would obtain a very small majority . A recent case had shewn him what a distinction men were apt to make between their own case and the case of others . A colonel of militia lately in tins House was in a minority of one , voting for an investigation into his own conduct , and this mode of proceeding was received with acclamation by those persons who had themselves behaved so very differently . What security had the country in the responsibility of ministers ? They might be arraigned and arraigned , but they would always vote that there were no grounds for arraignment , and so put an end to the proceedings . With respect to the King 's feelings , he could not conceive how a mind approaching to convalescence could , be affected with knowing that in case of any accident parliament should immediately meet . He thought the present time peculiarly favourable to the consideration of this subject , when men 's minds were alive to it . With respect to the divisions in the council , he had certainly had no private confidential communication on the subject ; but he had obtained the information in away that he could not disbelieve it , especially as he had heard the names and numbers of the division , and he must therefore believe it to be true . Although the right hon . gentleman was dumb as to the subject of his Majesty 's health , and dumb as to the reports of the physicians—at least if he said any thing it escaped him—he did not mean to say that recovery was impossible . Undoubtedly little expectation of that recovery could now