penalty on the town lands where illicit stills were found , and this mode might have at least put them down , if it had not been for that most unfortunate measure of prohibiting the distillation in Ireland . But the hon . gent . had contended that the reduction had totally failed in suppressing illicit distillation . In answer to this , he should merely read the returns of the Revenue Officers for the quarter ending December 25 , 1810 . The amount of seizures were as follows : 572 stills , 378 kegs , 344 worms , 5,362 utensils , 2,800 galions of spirits , and 150,000 gallons of pot-ale . He denied also that the spirits were at the present so much cheaper , as had been asserted—in 1804 the spirits were 7s . 7d . a gallon ; in 1805 , 6 , and 7 , about 7s . 8d . ; in 1810 , 8s . 7d . ; and in 1811 , 8s . 6d . a gallon . After some further remarks , he said he should not , however , object to the Committee . spoke in favour of a Committee up stairs . said , that nothing like false shame should ever keep him from retracting an opinion , when he was convinced it was unfounded . The reason which had induced him to vote against the fines on town lands was , that they had increased to such an extent as to produce a sort of conviction that they could not be levied . He alluded in particular to the county of Cavan . But the great question was , whether or not the low price of spirits had increased the drunkenness and immorality of the people of Ireland ; and that this was the case , he would venture to say , would be unanimously declared by those gentlemen who had resided during the last year in Ireland . The drunkenness had increased to such a degree , that no workman would work more than two days in the week . A man could get completely drunk for 4d . This was destructive of all good order , and the consequence would be , that a military force would be necessary to controul the excesses . The legislature could not be tied up by the licences to distillers . The people were their first care , and the revenue the second . thought it would be impossible to raise the duty on spirits either in Ireland or in the western parts of Scotland , without injuring the revenue ; and opposed the going into the Committee . said , that all the great brewers in Ireland had signed the Petition , and therefore it was not to be considered as the Petition of a few individuals , but as the representatives of the whole body . The right hon . gent . had said the prices of spirits were not greater now than in 1807 ; but he would ask him if the brewer retained the same situation that he then held ? While the duty on spirits had been lowered from 4s . to 2s . 6d . was any compensation made to the brewer ? What he blamed that right hon . gent . most for was , that , against his own judgment and experience , he had consented to the abolition of fines , and to a total change , in consequence of the distillery system . When it could be proved in the Committee that the cause of the late idleness , drunkenness and immorality , was exclusively to be ascribed to the lowering of the duty on spirits , and that its consequence was also to double the number of patients in the hospitals , and treble the 181 number of deaths , he hoped that no member of the House would wish that this abominable system should be continued one day longer . asked the right hon . gent . whether he consented to a Committee . said he had no objection to a Select Committee . thought it unfair to ascribe