proper certificate , deprived the Catholic of his vote . In the year 1795 , he remembered that no fewer than 400 freeholders were in such a predicament at the time of a contested election in which he Was concerned . He wished the law to be amended in\these respects , and was desirous of making a provision to enable the Catholic in certain cases to take out a new certificate , which at present could not be done : He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Act for Regulating Elections in Ireland of Members to serve in Parliament . Leave was given to bring in the Bill . ob- 196 tained leave to bring in Bill to authorise the Judges of Ireland punish by hard labour and imprisonment , persons sentenced to transportation , and to repeal so much of a former act as relates to the subject . The right hon . gent . prefaced his motion , by stating it to be his intention to propose that two Judges in the case of a person sentenced to transportation , should have power to commute the sentence , by sending the party to hard labour and confinement , for such a period as might be judged proper . This he thought desirable , as sometimes offenders were sentenced to be transported for petty-larcenies and trifling offences , and the sentence once passed , as the law stood the Judges could not soften its rigour . moved the second reading of this Bill . [ For a copy of the Bill , see vol . 19 , p . 1133 . ] urged the impropriety of suffering a Bill of such importance to pass through its principal stage , after so short an interval , in so thin a House , and after the remaining peers had been so long engaged in closely attending to another business . He thought it would be proper to allow a considerable interval before the second reading , in order that the measure might be more generally considered throughout the country , and to afford those to be affected by it an opportunity of laying their sentiments before parliament on the subject . also requested that the second reading might be postponed , both for the reason suggested by his noble friend , and also to give time to those numerous and respectable classes of men , who conceived themselves affected by the provisions of the Bill , to petition the House . It was highly important that the Bill should receive the fullest discussion and examination not only with regard to its own provisions , but in the view that it might lead to future violations of the Toleration Act . He regretted that his noble friend should 197 have brought forward the measure , particularly at a period like the present , when so many circumstances required that religious dissentions should , if possible , be prevented . He hoped the noble viscount would consent not only to the postponement of the Bill for a few days , but until next session , as in many parts , particularly in that part of the country with which he ( earl Grey ) was peculiarly connected , and where there were many sectaries , but consisting of persons most zealously attached to the constitution , they had not had time to consider the provisions of the Bill . called to the recollection of the noble lords , that it was generally understood the Bill should be read a second time this day , but that the debate on the principle of the measure was not to take place before Tuesday ; and on this understanding many noble peers had absented themselves , who would otherwise have attended . Neither would the discussion of a measure of so much importance be proper in so thin an attendance as that at the present time . With respect to what was said of the sentiments of those likely to be affected by the Bill , he had conversed with several , who approved of the measure . Neither