prefers that ship to my ship , he is welcome to sail in it . '' no attempt was made to save the man , and he was drowned ! In the same ship , with the same captain , two other men were sentenced to be flogged , and they leaped overboard to avoid it ; one or both were with difficulty saved . There were other circumstances connected with the conduct of this captain , which would , if his evidence was correct , establish the charges against him . It was a remarkable circumstance that two apparently respectable persons , at the distance of 250 miles from each other , spoke to the precise words of the captain when the man had leaped into the sea , and one offered to make affidavit of the fact . There was another case in which a seaman , named Absalom Foot , chose to keep for his amusement an account of the stoppages of grog , and the captain for this conduct ordered the fingers of the right hand to be fast bound with cord , which was sealed with wax , and impressed with the captain 's seal . When this case was mentioned to the hon . and learned gentlemen , he thought it too absurd to be true ; bat the testimony of five or six persons of very good character put the matter beyond doubt , especially , when they desired to make affidavits to the truth of the statement . The man received five dozen of lashes and was turned over to another ship . The hon . and learned gentleman concluded with ' expressing his thanks to the illustrious Commander in chief , for the very wise , salutary , judicious and generous order issued for suppressing military flogging , and moved , `` That there be laid before this House , copy of the Minutes of the court martial held at Carlisle Bay , Barbadoes , on Lieutenant Richards , of his Majesty 's guardship Dart . '' wished the hon . and learned gent , had confined himself to the subject of the motion which he concluded with , and had not introduced irrelevant matter . He felt concerned that he should have thought it necessary to introduce the ano- 1030 nymous cases which he had brought forward , and which could not tend to any good whatever . It could only , by being left over to the next session , produce mischief and inconvenience . The hon . and learned gent . must have known that it was his duty , if he did not chuse to bring the subject forward , to have stated the cases of complaint to the board of admiralty , who would have instituted the necessary inquiries into the truth immediately . If the facts had been true , the officers charged would have been put on their trials . Ha must therefore complain of the hon . and learned gent , for throwing these cases before the public , without the opportunity being afforded of ascertaining the truth or falsehood of them . If true , the officers were responsible in the highest degree for their injustice and cruelty , and would be brought , according to law , to condign punishment . With respect to the case of lieutenant Richards , the right hon . gent , had no objection to the production of the sentence of the Court ; but the minutes of the evidence would produce no good . The sentence would contain the substance of the charge , and the judgment of the court . The case must be strongly made out to warrant the production of the minutes , which would be trying the prisoner over again the facts which the hon . and learned gent . had stated , were in many instances well , founded , but he would more particularly state them . As to the charge , of gagging , that he must positively deny to be in practice in the navy , either now or at any previous time , Lieutenant Richards was