it should be well understood from the first , that they entered into the enquiry not from any certainty of being able to afford 437 the relief applied for , but with a view to ascertain whether it was in the power of that House to grant any relief whatever . would object to the Committee being authorized to report anything but facts . The House would recollect what inconvenience they and the public had sustained from having had to debate a question for seven days arising out of a committee of last session having exceeded its powers . He wished to avoid a similar inconvenience in a future session , and should not therefore consent to give any powers to this Committee , but to report facts . moved the order of the day for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the motion , `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the causes that retard the Decision of Suits in the High Court of Chancery . '' observed , that having on a former occasion stated to the House the reasons that induced him to think that the motion of his hon . and learned friend should be agreed to , he had then to inform the House , that nothing had since occurred to make him alter the opinion he before expressed . The Report , which was then expected from the Committee of the House of Lords , had since been communicated to that House , and appeared to him to contain nothing to prevent the House from going into the Committee moved for by his hon . friend . The measure proposed , of appointing another judge to assist the Lord Chancellor in his Court , he consi- 438 dered of such importance , that he thought it impossible it could be carried into effect at so late a period of the session , when so thin an attendance was to be expected in both Houses of Parliament . An alteration in the constitution of the court , which would be productive of the most serious consequences , required the most assiduous attention of both Houses . He had many personal reasons for wishing to abstain from giving any opinion on this question ; but considerations of public duty obliged him to deliver his sentiments upon it . The first novelty of the measure was , that it would establish a judge in the Court of Chancery , who should not have to try original causes , but merely to decide upon appeals . That was an experiment , which no man who knew any thing of a Court of Equity , would think ought to be lightly hazarded . The whole system of Equity in this country was founded on the decisions of successive chancellors from lord Nottingham down to the present time ; and it was necessary that those who had to administer the equity laws of this country should be in the constant habit of deciding original causes in the court of chancery . If the duties of the lord chancellor were too great for him to perform , it would be better to separate from his office the duties of the Speaker of the House of Lords , or the decision of Bankrupt cases , though he saw considerable objection to either , than to take from him the decision of original causes , and that jurisdiction which constituted the very essence of his office . He knew it might be said , that to separate bankrupt cases from the jurisdiction of the lord chancellor , would diminish his emoluments too much . He did not think it would ; bat even if it should , that ought not to stand in the way for a moment of an arrangement necessary for the public interest . He was utterly astonished at the meagre information supplied in the Report from the Lords ' Committee . It stated only what business had been done in the ten latter years of lord Hardwicke , and in the ten last years ; but it gave no information whatever as to the business which had not