his following a bad example : but my worthy friend did no such thing . He taxed jaunting cars—there are no jaunting cars in England , so the case does not hold there . He taxed licences , but licences are not articles of taxation , but police regulations ; so , there also he is in error . In fact , he has not made out a single case where my right hon . friend has violated the act of union . ( Mr. Foster and Mr. Perceval here appeared to converse . ) I should be obliged to the right honourable gentleman for his attention , though perhaps , it would be more politic in me to let him continue his hints to his right hon . friend ; indeed , I shall lose but little by his instilling a few of the arguments to-night into the ear of the right hon . gentleman beside him . I turn , however , to the hon . gent . below ( Mr. Bankes ) who has had the hardihood to say , this night , that Ireland can not support her own government . It is not so . She can support her fair proportion ; but she can not , nor ought she , to be required to advance an overrated quota to the general defence of the empire . See what Ireland is doing for you—see her sacrificing her courage—her best blood in our defence ; and can you in return basely reproach her with her poverty ? You have no right to do so . If she is poor , she has become so in your 314 support . Spare her , then , the mortification of hearing , that she owes that to your gratitude which she has a right to claim , not from your bounty but your justice . It has been said that the press can not be hurt by raising the duty on advertisments . There are three ways of destroying the liberty of the press ; one is by oppressive acts of parliament , another is by Ex-officio informations and the unconstitutional banishment of printers to distant gaols ; and the third is by raising the price of cheap publications . This , and this is the way resorted to in Ireland , it is a mean , cowardly , and circuitous attempt . I have ever been a firm friend to the press , and while I live I shall continue so . I fear no corruption either in the state or in the government , while the press exists . Against venal lords , commons , or juries—against despotism of any kind , or in any shape—let me but array a free press , and the liberties of England will stand unshaken . justified the opinions of his right hon . friend with respect to the duty . The assimilation to the English duty would raise more money , and , as a matter of revenue , no doubt if the right hon . baronet was sincere , his right hon . friend would consent to repeal the present duty . He denied that it was a violation of the act of Union , as had been urged . Referring to what had been said by Mr. Bankes , he must declare that Ireland was no burden on England ; so far from it , she was the great strength of the empire in assisting to combat the enemy , both by sea and land . The loan which had just been granted , was given for the advantage of the whole empire . To con-tribute to the wants of such a friend was serving this country . To say , that such a sum as four millions and a half taken from the Exchequer in aid of Ireland was entailing a burthen on England , or was detracting from that dignity and station in the empire which Ireland ought and did possess , was holding language which should not be held out . The loan was not an act of generosity and relief , but an act