the law as it now stood . His experience and observation enabled him to state , that there were twenty fraudulent debtors where there was one vexatious and unmerciful creditor ; and every attention should be paid to the claims of the creditor , who had generally run great risks , and who might be wholly ruined , if all hold on the debtor were to be taken from him . declared that he had given the utmost attention to bills of this nature ; and though he was ready to admit that a great mass of evil existed in 608 this respect , yet he did not believe that it would in the least be alleviated by bills of the present description . reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several thousand manufacturers and artizans in the town of Manchester and neighbourhood ; und also the Petition of several weavers and spinners of cotton , handicrafts artists and labourers , resident in the town of Bolton , in the county of Lancaster , or its vicinity , were referred : to examine the matter thereof , and report the same , with their observations thereupon , to the House : and to whom the petitions of persons residing in the town of Paisley and suburbs thereof ; and of heritors , manufacturers , merchants , mechanics , and labourers of all denominations , residing in Lanark , Ayr , and Renfrew shires , and the manufacturing places adjacent , were referred ; that they had examined the natters of the said petitions , and had directed him to make a report thereof to the House ; and the report was read , and its as follows : rose to bring forward his motion respecting the introduction of the British Constitution , and of British laws into the Island of Trinidad . The hon . and learned gentleman trusted , that he was actuated by no other principle than that of public duty in appealing to a British House of Commons on behalf of the subjects of Great Britain residing in Trinidad . He conceived it to be highly necessary to call the attention of the House to the subject , as the noble lord at the head of the colonial department had stated it to be the intention of his Majesty 's ministers to continue the same form of despotic government which had so long disgraced the island . The hon . and learned gentleman , then went into a history of the island from the year 1780 , down to 1797 , when it was ; captured by the expedition sent out from this country , under the command of sir Ralph Abercromby , who , in taking possession of it in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , secured to the Spanish inhabitants their property and lives , but made no alteration in respect to the laws of the island . Thus things continued till governor Picton was appointed , who , to obviate the tediousness of some of their processes , which lasted as long as our Chancery suits , issued ordinances which provided for the decision of cases relating to property in a summary way . In 1802 the island was ceded to Great Britain , and the influx of British subjects was unusually great . The intercourse between the inhabitants and British merchants of course increased . At that time many discussions arose between governor Picton and colonel Fullarton , one of the council , which ended in their being recalled , and general Hislop was appointed to fill the office of governor . Some alterations were made by him to remedy the complaints on the subject of law proceedings , which were not satisfactory to some of the law officers ; and it was in 1808 that ministers judged it 611 necessary to send out Mr. George Smith , a barrister , to hold the offices of Corridor , Alcalde , & c. Commissioners had been previously sent out , and the inhabitants petitioned for British laws , which was followed up last year by petitions from ail