grounded himself on what he inferred from this expression to be the principles of that an hon . The words of Mr. Locke were these ; — '' the coming and going of our treasure depends wholly upon the balance of trade ; '' —a mode of speaking which certainly countenanced the doctrine of the hon . gent , and other Bank Directors , namely , that there is no possibility of preventing the departure of our gold by any measures which the Bank can take , inasmuch as it is balance of trade , and , balance of trade alone , which regulates both its coming and its going , over which balance the Bank has no controul . It would be found , however , that Mr. Locke could not be so completely claimed as an authority , on the side of the Governor of the Bank , as might at first view be supposed ; for-Mr. Locke , in the part of his work immediately preceding that from which the quotation was taken , speaks of `` two cases '' in which profit may be made by melting down our money : `` First , when the current prices of the same denomination are unequal and of different weights , some heavier , some lighter ; the other that ; of a losing trade , or an over-great consumption of foreign commodities ; and then goes on to say , that `` the coming and going of our treasure depends wholly on the balance of trade . Mr. Locke , therefore , refers to either of two causes the disappearance of coin Agreeing in this respect with Sir Isaac Newton and others , whom his hon . friend 83 ( Mr. Huskisson ) had quoted , he affirms that two kinds of circulating medium , if of different value , can not long continue to pass interchangeably , because the heavier and more valuable pieces will be melted down , with or without law , and the light ones only will remain . Did gentlemen allow the truth of what Sir Isaac Newton and other high authorities , not excepting Mr. Locke , had laid down as a fundamental maxim in this science ? If they did , they ought to admit not only that silver currency would disappear , if of more value than gold ; and gold currency , if of more value than silver ; and heavy pieces , if light ones were allowed equally to pass ; but also that gold currency would vanish , if a paper currency of inferior value was circulating at the same time . Silver coin was not now a legal tender fur more than a limited amount ; gold coin and paper were therefore the only two currencies in use for the payment of large sums ; gold was now to paper what it had formerly been to silver , and what the heavier pieces of gold had been to the lighter pieces of the same metal . Thus , the present disappearance of our gold coin , might be ascribed to the first of the two causes mentioned by Mr Locke , namely , the difference in value between the two kinds of currency in the country : and not to the second cause , the unfavourable , balance of trade . Still , however , the language of Mr. Locke was certainly inaccurate , when he said , that , the `` coming and going of our treasure depends wholly on the balance of our ; trade , '' and served , to countenance that dangerous doctrine which now prevailed , Recording to this doctrine , the fact of the disappearance of our guineas attended with the highest imaginable price of gold , was no indication of an excess of paper or of a depreciation of it , but was simply any evidence of an unfavourable balance of trade ; and the only remedy was generally to promote national industry and œconomy . It might , indeed , be imagined by some , that according to this view of the subject , even additional issues