interest which these persons might have in the bill , if he were to say that these notes were depreciated , he might be liable to the same observation which a right hon . gent . had applied to his noble friend ( lord King ) and be called a jew and a pedlar . It was quite sufficient for his purpose , without stating any such opinion , or noticing the unfortunate cases of Mr. and Mrs. De Yonge , prosecuted for selling guineas , to state that those cases , and the conduct of his noble friend in demanding guineas for his rents , produced this bill making bank notes a legal tender . The operation of the bill was to grease the wheels of the Bank , and to set them , as in 1797 , a coining again . They might , when the Bill passed , turn their rags into paper , give them a nominal value , whatever value they chose , and no one dared refuse to take them as coin , and then would follow a further increase of dividends and bonuses , and a note might , perhaps , eventually be sold for two-pence , which passed now for twenty shillings . Under these circumstances , those members composing the list he held in his hand , ought not to be allowed to vote . Some of them , without mentioning their names , were Bank directors ; others were proprietors only ; when he approached the Bank directors it was with the greatest awe , for he knew they were the greatest persons in the country , greater even in point of power than their brother directors in Leadenhall-street . He was aware that in naming them , he might render himself open to be assailed with harsh names , but still they possessed great powers ; for the legislature protected them against paying their creditors , and they in return furnished the government with aids for carrying on the war . ; in fact , the government might be said to be composed of three 1004 estates—the King , the Bank of England , and the East India company ; and they would go on just as well if the ministers , as in the East India direction , were to change with the Bank directors , and go out by rotation ; for the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , admirable as he was in his speeches , would , if he were to change seats with the gentlemen under the gallery , have his paper then as much admired as his speeches ever had been . It had been said on a former night , by an hon . friend of his , a Bank director , that he could not have arty influence or interest , for he possessed only 2,000l . stock , but he never saw any commercial man who could not get accommodated at the Bank , to the extent , as in a late case , if wanted , of 200,000l . He should like to know what sort of a figure his noble friend lord King would cut , were he to go there and ask for accommodation . The hon . gent . then referred to the list , and observed , that he would take the first name , which was the right hon . George , lord Arden ; now looking over the Report of the Committee appointed to inquire into sinecure places , he found that lord Arden held the offices of a lord of the Bed Chamber , Register of the court of Appeals , and Register of the high court of Admiralty . When called before the Committee , and questioned as to the amount of his fees , the noble lord refused to answer ; and it was not until his deputy , Mr. Jenner , was examined , that any information could be gained . It then appeared , that the fees which the noble lord received amounted to twelve thousand pounds per annum ; that for the last ten