, for the first time , paid weekly , and accounted with in as regular a manner as the British soldier . He was not sure , giving all the merit to Portugal she deserved , that the national character would have offered the same resistance to France as that of Spain had done . But he did not wish to draw any invidious comparisons—they were both fighting for their liberties—they had both displayed great energies , and he would only say , as had been already said , `` that this great contest must be seen out , and that we must do our best in it . '' No one could pronounce upon the result , but they would have a better eye to posterity and the duty which they owed their constituents by doing all they could , and leaving the rest in the hands of Providence . He allowed that the war was a great burden , but he knew no man was prepared to say that he saw the moment when it ought to be abandoned . He was sure at this moment , that nothing remained for the country to do but to follow up the advantages it had so happily obtained . thought that the conflict at Albuera had been one of the most severe and sanguinary during the war ; and bore testimony , from private information he had received , to particular instances of gallantry and intrepidity that had been therein shown by our troops . He complimented the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the military precision with which be had stated the details of the battle . He knew no occasion on which the British troops had shewn greater instances of determined courage could not hope to be able to add to the eloquent statement of the right hon . gent , and the noble lord , but still could not forego the satisfaction of offering his tribute of applause to the gallant general and the gallant army whose services was the subject now under consideration , nor could he contemplate without emotions of pride , that the gallant general , and also generals Cole and Hamilton , who bore so conspicuous a part in the glory of the day , were his countrymen . He hoped 529 he should hear no more in this House that Ireland was a burden to this country . The right hon . gent . had on a former occasion , as well as the present , made honourable mention of glorious events in another quarter of the world , the capture of Amboyna , and Banda , and he was right , fur the picture of more gallant exploits was never submitted to this House , and he requested the House to recollect that these services were achieved in conjunction with the navy , by a part of that army which the tyranny and oppression of sir George Barlow had driven into a state of mutiny ; and he was confident when that subject came before the House , this exploit , with a recollection of the long and zealous service of that army , would ensure to it the serious attention of parliament . hoped that he should not be considered as digressing , if he stated shortly the services of the gallant general who was the object of the present motion . General Beresford had been thirty years in the service of his country . He commenced in America , was at Toulon , at Corsica , in India , at Madeira , in Portugal , and in Spain with sir John Moore . He had only to state to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for his consideration , that the gallant general had lost almost all he was worth in the world by the failure of his relative in Dublin . He stated this merely for his consideration , in the hope that some pecuniary reward would be added to his honours . The Resolution was then agreed to nem . con . As were also the following : `` That the Thanks of this House