tile commercial towns in this kingdom in their favour . Mr. Smith was accordingly sent out to fill all the judicial situations he had enumerated , for which he was fitted by being taken into the office of the noble colonial secretary , who , with a touch of his magical wand , like the metamorphosis of Ovid , transformed the barrister into a Corridor , an Alcalde , and a supreme judge of the Audiencia . By the laws of the country , a disqualification is imposed upon any man accepting the office of judge , who had not studied the laws for ten years ; and by the Spanish laws , if he shall hold more than one judicial office , he shall also be disqualified , and pay a fine of 10,000 maravedas . Notwithstanding this , Mr. Smith decided in the lower courts , then Went and sat in the higher court of Audiencia , dressed not as in the inferior courts , in a plain dress , but in a superb Spanish dress . Therefore all the salutary checks which the laws imposed were done away , the offices being united in the person of Mr. Smith . One of the great sources of discontent was the docket fees paid to Mr. Smith in the lower courts , which Mr. Smith had to decide in the Appeal court , and he took cave to decide in his own favour , decreeing , that for every witness examined , a fee of 22 dollars , or 5l . 10s . sterling , should be paid . At length Mr. Smith , finding the business of the courts too much for him , sent down to the Carraccas for advice , and the consequence was , that two Spanish advocates were sent over to assist him ; and at pre tent three persons were paid for doing what more properly belonged to one . Among the numerous causes for complaint , was that relative to the imprisonment of the printer of a newspaper , for inserting an advertisement without the authority of the judges , there being no such thing in the laws of Spain as Liberty of the Press . The printer was immured in a loathsome dungeon for two months , and at length liberated upon the interference of the governor . While offences of this description were punished , the most notorious malefactors escaped ; because by the laws of Spain , no man convicted of a crime punishable with death can be executed , unless he confess his crime , and the torture 612 not being in use , it is not to be supposed a man would hang himself . Such was the state of the criminal laws ; and even a person charged with a murder , who had fled to this country , and was sent back by government , remained untried . The laws of Spain were particularly objectionable to British subjects , for by those laws the evidence of a negro or man of colour could not be received against a white person . Not so in England : all were alike subject to the laws . Some of these laws were singularly hard . If a negro , or man of colour , was found cohabiting with an Indian woman , he was subject to receive the punishment of 100 lashes . If he lifted his hand against a white man , that hand was cut off . The hon . and learned gentleman then made several references to the laws , and stated that he could prove the hardships under which the inhabitants laboured from their operation . In one case a French surgeon , who was also a planter , was charged with the murder of his negro slave . It seemed the slave had absconded . By the Spanish laws , if a slave absent himself from his master 's service for more than four days , he subjects himself to the punishment of 80 lashes ; so on in gradation to 200 lashes , for two months absence ; but if he be