The grossest absurdities were there uttered , and cheered as the groundwork of a superstructure worthy of it . But it was now said the object of continuing this law was to guard us from a foreign power . Even here , however , there were more cats than could catch mice , for the test imposed required a disavowal of any belief in transubstantiation . He should be glad to know if any of the noble lords , the champions of the Church , would have ventured to propose this test to Henry 8 . The whole history of the test laws reminded him of a farce , in which a physician is applied to , to prescribe for an ostler , and inquiring what had been done yesterday , is told that the horses on the left had been bled , and those on the right had been purged . 'Oh ! then , ' said he , bleed those on the right , and purge those on the left . '—He must now beg leave to say a few words with respect to the time , and in support of his own opinion that the present was most proper , was most advisable . For twelve year many who had professed themselves friends to the Catholic claims , had as uniformly opposed them on the ground of the unfitness of the time whenever they were advanced . He knew this was a subject of delicacy , but the period might come when it would be roughly handled if too long deferred . Greatly did he rejoice at our victories in Portugal ; but if , instead of his brilliant achievements , lord Wellington had been under the necessity of re-embarking his army , what might have been now our situation , the French having possession of Cadiz , of Lisbon , of Ferrol ? and with how much less grace and dignity might we have found it necessary to concede the claims of the Catholics , than at the present moment , when no misconstruction could be put upon the boon ? If there was one criterion more certain than another of the truth of human judgments , it was to be found by placing ourselves in other circumstances and in other times . What , he would ask , were the sentiments of ministers on learning that , by a large majority , the Cortes had refused to appoint a British officer with a command over Estremadura , and adjoining provinces ? Did they not exclaim what strange and extravagant notions ? Did they not vent their surprise , that any set of men , at a crisis so big with their fate , should be so stupidly bigotted as to apprehend any danger to 682 their religion from the appointment of lord Wellington ? —'Mutato nomine de to fabula narrator . ' Doubtless the ministers had condemned the unfounded and ridiculous alarms of the Spaniards in South America , and had said in their hearts , that all this might have been well in the reign of Philip 2 , but was most extravagant and absurd in the circumstances of the present period . Let the House then take this vital question into calm and dispassionate consideration ; let them remember the recorded sentiment of Mr. Burke , that `` no free constitution could ever be supported by exclusions ; sooner or later the government must destroy them , or they will destroy the government . '' For his own part , he would not hesitate to avow , that if he did not enjoy in as large a degree as his fellow-subjects all the privileges of the constitution , although he should certainly feel it his duty to give it his support , it would be with less attachment , and with very different feelings from those which now actuated him . said , that until a distinct plan was previously laid before their lordships , stating the securities by which the integrity of the Established Church was to be maintained , he thought it premature to ask their lordships to go into a