was all sporting about nothing ; and indeed he could hardly conceive such variance between them without also supposing some accidental difference of terms ; but that the noble lord on the woolsack , whose acute mind had foreseen ail the consequences of this measure , should , believing as he did , say that no evil existed , was , he owned , what he could not well comprehend . Whether they were to call this evil by the name of depreciation , or by that of a rise in the price of commodities , it did not signify . The true way of proceeding was first to discover the cause of the evil . He was ready indeed to admit , that the phenomena might be produced by a variety of causes ; but still he was persuaded , from what he had learned from experience and study , that the chief and primary cause was the non-payment of cash at the Bank . As far as he had been informed , where-ever the circulation of paper was convertible 871 into cash , the same phenomena had uniformly taken place ; the gold had disappeared , and every article had increased in value . And , on the other side , it was as evident , that previous to a suspension of cash payments , such phenomena never appeared before , except in the case of a debased metal , or forced paper currency . He knew that the noble lords opposite did not feel well on this subject of a debased metal currency . His noble friend ( earl Stanhope ) had stated this to be an abominable doctrine ; but this was a question of fact ; and before the noble earl had so violently attacked the doctrine as abominable , he would have done well to have explained what he meant by debased coin ; because in his opinion this epithet applied in a particular manner to the Bank tokens . With respect to the cash payments of the Bank , he thought indeed , that the only effectual way of effecting this , would be by an immediate payment . This was his bias ; but those to whose superior abilities and information he paid the highest deference had maintained , that the immediate resumption of payments would be attended with great difficulties . Now , however , he thought that the omission of every thing which might have a tendency to bring back the cash payments was culpable . His noble friend had said , that there was not a sufficient quantity of cash in the whole country ; but he would ask him if there was a sufficient quantity of cash in 1796. ? He meant to say , was there then sufficient gold in the country for the conversion of the Bank paper into cash ? But when there was confidence in the country , gold was seldom or never demanded , and that argument , therefore , fell to the ground . All he wanted to establish was , that gold should be paid when demanded , or , in other words , that paper should be convertible into cash . And here he could not help noticing a very strange vie '' which his noble friend ( earl Stanhope ) had taken of the public creditor , and the argumentum ad hominem he had made use of . He had supposed , most pathetically , the hard situation of a man whose whole dependance was on the preservation of the public credit . But let us look a little closer to the compassion and humanity of his noble friend . He said that it was hard that this man should have only ten pounds for his hundred , while the landlord should continue to have his thirty thousand pounds . But if his noble friend supported 872 Bank notes , which might come down to a shilling , he might in time have the satisfaction to see thirty thousand pounds reduced in value to thirty thousand shillings . What was the remedy for all these inconveniences ? The convertibility