would begin to cultivate it in total poverty , and as its produce would not enable them so to pay the rent agreed for , it is so plain that great loss to the landlord must be the result , that I never can believe that landlords can have ever attempted , much less established so ruinous a system . That there are landlords in Ireland , and absent proprietors of land there , who 578 sometimes mismanage their estates when out of lease , I know to be the case . I mean those landlords who make it a practice never to grant leases to the poorer description of persons resident on their farms after the expiration of an old lease ; but to select some opulent individual to take the whole land that is to be disposed of in one lease . On the one hand there is no practice so completely proved by experience to be beneficial to both landlord and tenant , as that of giving leases to the under-tenants that hold the land on the expiration of an old lease . It gives every encouragement to that great class of people to be industrious and orderly in their conduct , upon whose industry and good conduct the prosperity and tranquillity of Ireland almost entirely depend . I have never known an instance in which it has failed to produce the most beneficial effects . The tenant uniformly repays the landlord for the confidence placed in him , not only by great punctuality in respect to his rent , but by making great improvements in the cultivation of his farm , and by following a peaceable course of life . On the other hand , when landlords , mistaking their own interests , adopt the practice of selecting one opulent individual as their tenant of each large tract of land they have to let , with out any regard to the numerous families that may be resident on it , they greatly diminish their own income , and place , these families in the most miserable condition , by exposing them either to the exorbitant exactions of the immediate tenant , or to the still greater oppression of expulsion from the land on which they have been accustomed to live . I feel , Sir , very anxious to impress upon the House a conviction of the truth of these doctrines ; because I know of no circumstance belonging to the internal economy of Ireland , so well calculated to improve the condition of the lower orders of the people , and to render them industrious , comfortable and happy , as the adopting as a general rule by landlords of the practice of giving their lands when out of lease to those whom they may find established upon them . I have seen whole tracts of country , and great tribes of people brought from a state of waste and poverty into one of great improvement in the course of a few years by this simple expedient , and I feel quite sure that if all the landlords of Ireland were to select for their tenants those who have become fixed on their property as tenants to their im- 579 mediate tenants , whenever opportunities present themselves , the most general and most valuable improvements would soon shew itself in the better cultivation of the country , and in the ameliorated condition of the lower orders of the people . In a former debate on this question , I , and those who thought and acted with me , were accused of spreading a flame of expectation that never could be realized , and that would produce incalculable mischief . There is no charge so easy to be refuted as this—because I have not been the first to complain of the grievance of Tythes . In the year 1787 , several petitions were presented to the Irish House of Commons , praying for a commutation . In that and the two following years the right hon . gent , the member for Dublin ( Mr. Grattan ) called upon the House to listen to the