150 miles on the great North Road from Darlington to Edinburgh , the Scots Bank note , and the English Bank note , were received indifferently , and passed for precisely the same sum . defended his noble friend ( lord Harrowby ) from the charge of ignorance that had been preferred against him ; a charge to which no man in the House or the country was with less justice liable than his noble friend . The arguments of the noble lords who opposed the Bill went not against this particular act , but against the whole of the system , which had been acted upon since 1797 . If that system was proved impolitic , it would not follow that the proposed measure must therefore be otherwise . The adoption of this measure would by no means preclude an investigation of that system , or a recurrence to cash payments at the Bank , if such a recurrence should be deemed necessary . The Bill before the House was a measure of justice to a great portion of the people . It was generally agreed , that the strictest faith should be kept with the national creditor , and that he should be placed on as good a footing as any other individual in the country . The national creditor received Bank notes at par ; he ought to be placed in a situation in which he should be enabled to part with them at par . If in this ' point the landholder obtained an advantage , the national creditor must sustain an injury . He contended that there was no depreciation whatever . As to increased price of corn , that was attributable to the increase of population and consumption . But with respect to many articles of home produce and manufacture , such as wool , iron , copper , lead , & c. of these some had been reduced , while others were stationary : The noble lord opposite , after a great deal of elaborate disquisition , had arrived at this profound observation , namely , that if the notes of the Bank of England were to be increased to the amount of the assignats of France , they would become equally ' depreciated ! This was indisputable : but was there the least apprehension of such an event ? The paper circulation of this country had not that tendency to excess ' which had been so injurious to other countries . 879 While the issue was only about 23 millions , and the revenue amounted to between 70 and 80 millions , there could be no just ground for fearing a ruinous excess . As to the resumption of cash payments by the Bank , be confessed himself wholly at a loss to understand how , in the present state of exchange with foreign countries , that could take place without the most dangerous consequences . A great deal had been said about profusion in the national expenditure . What profusion ? what measure of expence had been adopted with any other view but the conviction of its being wise and politic ? If there were any of a different description let them be pointed out . The policy might be erroneous , but no one was justified in terming it profusion . He said this because it was of the utmost importance that the public should not be induced , by any misrepresentation of such a nature , to withdraw their confidence from government . It was true that the issue of Bank paper might be reduced , by reducing the public expenditure , but this reduction must be effected , if effected at all , by a complete change of system ; by withdrawing our troops from the peninsula , from Sicily , & c. and by an abandonment of ail those plans to which the government had hitherto looked for ultimate success and security . For his part , convinced as he was that the exertions made by Great Britain were indispensible in the present critical situation of Europe , he was firmly persuaded that whatever might be the