statements on the authority of the learned civilian ( Dr. Duigenan ) , in preference to that of Mr. Pitt , which expressly contradicts them . Sir J. H. observed , that he , could not but notice also a recent voluminous publi cation under the assumed name of Philagatharches , dedicated to lord Sid mouth ( though probably without his lordship 's permission , ) which gravely tells us , that the Deist and the Turk may be credited on their oaths , but the Atheist and the Catholic are not entitled to the same in dulgence ! That opinions as decidedly in favour of the political as well as the moral and civil principles of our Catholic fellow-subjects , as those recited , are opposed to them , have been repeatedly avowed by other right reverend prelates of the present day , both in Parliament and in their diocesan charges , is well known , but that the adverse opinions , having been widely spread , * When the Marriage Act passed , the difficulty ( as avowed by the minister ) , of legalizing the marriage of Catholics by a Catholic priest , arose from the high penal statutes then in force against the Roman Catholic clergy , and who consequently had no legitimated existence within the realm . 391 must necessarily have considerable influence upon the minds of many well disposed persons , can scarcely be doubted : nor can we fail to recollect that those adverse opinions are of the earliest growth , and with difficulty eradicated . observed , that his object in thus referring to the hostile opinions of individuals of the highest order of the clergy , which had been so solemnly urged , both in diocesan charges , and from the pulpit— ( and one of the/m , and indeed the most unqualified in deprecating the presumed imminent dangers which threatened the state from the admission of Catholics to civil or military stations , had been delivered before the provincial synod of Canterbury , and published , jussu reverendissimi ) , was in support of his own opinion , that his right hon . friend could not look forward with any confidence , to a successful issue of his motion at the present hour . If it be contended that the Catholic population constitutes a fourth or fifth part of the United Kingdom , the concession obviously goes to the admission that three-fourths or four-fifths of its population are not professing the Catholic communion , and the far greater part of that great majority most probably influenced by the honest prejudices of early education , and not a little confirmed by the zealous and unquestionably well-intentioned efforts of the great mass of their spiritual guides , acting under a similar influence . It was from a persuasion of this truth , Sir J. H. said , that he should have been disposed to have taken a wider course , if he had been the mover of the question . He was well aware that the standing order of the House required that any motion connected with religion , must be referred to a Committee of the whole House , but he should have stated that it was not his intention to originate any immediate Bill in consequence of this preliminary motion being conceded , but that he should have proposed going into a Committee of the House merely pro formâ , in order to move for the appointment of a Select Committee , in the usual forms , with power to send for persons , papers and records , and to report such facts as might constitute the ground work of further proceedings . Upon such a Committee he would wish to see appointed the King 's law officers , civilians , and common lawyers of eminence , as well as other members of the House , who should be deemed most competent to enter upon the examination of 392 that description of evidence which might be usefully produced . And also in another place , he should hope to see a similar Committee constituted , with the assistance of the