present President of the Board of Controul says this sum of 2,000l . is too little for him , and he wants more . My answer to him always has been , and now is—I admit you are ill paid , compared with the two commissioners , because the whole business is done by you , and they do nothing ; their places are perfect sinecures—there never has been such a thing as a Board held since the first institution in 1784 , and therefore let the crown , in the just exercise of its discretion , give you a greater proportion of the 5,000l . than it hitherto has done , and the commissioners less ; the fund is perfectly adequate , considering always that the commissioners do nothing . The history of this Board of Controul is really curious enough . When Mr. Pitt-first introduced it to public notice in 1784 , he bestowed upon it this flattering description . : he said— '' It was intended that the Board should consist of none but privy counsellors ; but the Board should create no increase of officers , nor impose any 325 new burdens , since he trusted there could be found persons enough who held offices of large emolument but no great employment , whose leisure would amply allow of their undertaking the duty in question . '' This romantic system of the gratuitous government of India by the sinecure men , lasted till 1793 , when lord Melville not only made a provision for himself as president of the Board of Controul , but to make up for lost time and past errors , he created those two new parliamentary sinecures , called the Junior Commissioners for managing the affairs of India . The present Bill is a still further improvement of the present president of the Board of Controul upon the act of his noble relation . He wants his own salary raised , but he will not let us touch his sinecure commissioners . One should have supposed he would have been the last man in the country to quarrel with the existing act , considering it was made by his father , and particularly as he himself had given notice of the termination of it , and of an early discussion of the whole subject . As however the right hon . gent . is evidently above such trifling considerations as those , he puts us upon investigating his own claims to further remuneration ; he is the first public claimant for an increase of salary in this office , and if I compare him with a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who held this office before him , and who made no such claim , there can be no comparison of what might have been the justice of the claims of lord Castlereagh compared with the right hon . gent . The noble lord held this office longer than the right hon . gent . has done . He had filled a great situation in the state for some time before ; the right hon . gent . has made his first appearance as an officer of the state in his present situation . The noble lord , as the Indian minister , used to lay his views annually before this House in what is called an Indian Budget , an operation of at least great labour if not of great public benefit , whereas the right hon . gent . has very happily relieved himself from this part of his official duty , by never saying a single word upon the subject ; and then to conclude the comparison , the noble lord held no other office that I know of , whereas the right hon . gent . has the consolation of enjoying a sinecure place in Scotland of 2,000l per annum and upwards . Considering therefore , all the circumstances of the case , I think the right hon . gent . fails in making out any urgent claim upon our 326 justice . How , then , does he stand as to any appeal to our compassion ?