antecedently to alt those gentlemen to whom he was opposed , excepting only one right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) , who had chiefly dwelt on they details of the Report ; and having now the advantage of distinctly knowing the grounds on which their argument rested ; he was anxious to be permitted once more-to offer himself to their notice . The speech of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Vansittart ) , in support of the Resolutions now proposed by him to be substituted in the place of those of the chair man of the Bullion Committee , had particularly urged him to rise . In the conclusion of that speech , his right hon . friend had enumerated the various circumstances to which he looked as the means of producing an improvement of the exchange first , a continental peace ; secondly ; as better understanding , and , consequently an open trade with America ; thirdly some extension of our commercial inter course with Europe ; all of them especially the first , events which he did not ; much encourage us to expect : —but it was remarkable that he totally omitted any mention of a limitation of paper , in this enumeration of the means of meliorating our exchanges . His right hon . friend , in one part of his speech , as well as the right hon . Chancellor of the Exchequer , had admitted that a limitation of paper had a tendency to produce this effect but it 77 was plain from the concluding part of it that the principle was practically disregarded Indeed his Resolutions were in the Same spirit ; they were silent on this point they did not venture to deny the doctrine , that quantity of paper had an influence on its value ; but they seemed to throw a doubt upon it ; for they specified a variety of facts , with the evident view of discrediting the principle ; and thus were calculated to lead men , less enlightened than the mover , to suppose that the tenets of the Bullion Committee , in this respect , were completely visionary and erroneous , He rejoiced that his right hon . friend was the person who led the opposition to the Report of the Bullion Committee , because he was confident , that , with such an adversary , the discussion would be amicable and free from party spirit , and because the House was sure of hearing so much : ability employed on that side of the subject . He could not , however , help re-marking , that his right hon . friend himself had been a party in an administration which had twice extended the term of the continuance of the Restriction act on a principle which , if parliament would now give its attention to the subject , he could not help thinking that they would perceive to have been very objectionable , Twice , under the administration of lord Sidmouth , of whom he wished to speak most respectfully—namely , once in peace , and once after the recommencement of the war—the act for restricting the cash payment of the Bank was renewed , upon the professed ground of the unfavourable-ness of the exchanges . This was not the principle on which the first act had passed , and he much questioned whether the parliament would have ever consented to institute such a measure merely on that plea . It was by means of an unfavourable exchange , and a high price of bullion , that an excess of Bank paper was detected and restrained , as he trusted that he had already sufficiently shewn . The ground on which the Restriction Bill had passed was much more justifiable , namely , that of an alarm arising out of the idea of an immediate invasion , which caused a violent run upon the Bank , and threatened suddenly and unavoidably to exhaust its coffers . The state , for political reasons , On that occasion interfered . To extend the suspension because the exchange was unfavourable , was