; but it was proper to observe that Mr. Mason brought no charge against lord Hardwicke , under whose administration that oppression took place . What Mr. Mason complained of was , that on false information he had been arrested and kept in imprisonment for two years in one of the most loathsome and unclean prisons that the imagination of man could conceive . The horrors of the Irish prisons could not even be imagined by those who had not attended to the Report which had been made on the subject . Two-thirds of the gaols , especially of those in the vicinity of the metropolis , which were the principal gaols of the country , were declared to be a complete nuisance . It was astonishing that these abuses should have subsisted so long under the cognizance of so many members of parliament of that country ill this House . The power of the commissioners appointed to examine into the prison abuses in Ireland , was limited to that object alone . Some of those prisoners who , like Mr. Mason , were arrested and put into confinement without any-sufficient cause , during the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act , thought themselves entitled to compensation for the injury which they had sustained from it : but Mr. Mason had uniformly persevered , with an anxiety which did him the highest honour , not to seek for compensation for the losses which he had sustained in being dragged from an honourable profession to the destruction of all his future prospects in life , but to have his character , which had suffered in the eyes of the world by a groundless imprisonment , again restored to him . He had uniformly persisted in challenging all inquiry into his conduct , and in calling upon government to shew any thing to the contrary of his statement . There was one paragraph of his Petition particularly deserving of notice , in which he stated , that he had applied to the Irish government again and 751 again , soliciting an examination into his conduct , but that ail applications which he had hitherto made had been unavailing ; and he therefore concluded that the Irish government were under an absolute inability to state any just cause for his imprisonment . Mr. Mason charged the government of the earl of Hardwicke with injustice and oppression towards him , and with an abuse of the power which had been granted to them for the protection of the people ; and no answer had been made to him from which it might be possible to say whether the information received by the government was such as to justify them . If the information upon which a man was deprived of his liberty was not producible , then there was an end to every thing like redress . If they were to keep a man in custody for two years , and then to be allowed to say , It is true we have thought proper to imprison you for two years , we have been the ruin of you and your family ; but we did it upon very sufficient information , which we will not produce—that was no answer to the Petitioner . What possible objection could government have to oppose to his claim ? He wished government themselves to take up this examination , that they might see that they had proceeded on false information . Was it not the wish of lord Hardwicke himself that this examination should be entered upon ? Here he stood charged with oppression by a person who defied him to produce any thing against him . Surely , then , it must be his wish to examine into the charges on which Mr. Mason was imprisoned , that if they should turn out unfounded , he might have the satisfaction of restoring Mr. Mason to his former character in society . Under such an impression , he had no idea of the government 's controverting this Petition . There were two ways alone by which the Petitioner could obtain redress . One of these was by