the Committee of English Catholics had recently addressed a noble earl ( Grey ) and himself , ( however unworthily , as the substitute of his lamented friend , ) requesting them `` to make such use of the petition of the English Roman Catholics as they shall deem most conducive to the general interests of the Roman Catholics of the united kingdom . `` —With this latitude of delegation and responsibility , —he , as an * `` If the celebrating the memory of eminent and extraordinary persons , and transmitting their great virtues for the imitation of posterity , be one of the principal ends and duties of history , it is not to be thought impertinent , in this place , `` ( says lord Clarendon ) , '' to remember a loss , which no time will suffer to be forgotten , and no success or good fortune could repair . In this unhappy battle was slain the lord viscount Falkland ; a person of such prodigious parts , learning and knowledge , —of that inimitable sweetness and delight in conversation , —of so flowing and obliging a humanity and goodness to mankind , —and of that primitive simplicity and integrity of life , that if there were no other brand upon this odious and accursed civil war , than that single loss , it must be infamous and execrable to all posterity ! `` —Lord Clarendon occupies many pages of his History in his eulogy of this exalted character , and the friends of a no less valued-individual will readily advert to the corresponding traits of excellence . Lord Clarendon 's History , vol . 1 . 388 individual , had declined giving notice of any specific motion to the House , —he felt himself nevertheless perfectly free to originate any motion in the spirit of the petition presented in the last session , and certainly should have considered it his duty to have given a conformable notice , if he could have anticipated a favourable issue : he desired , however , to be considered as offering only the opinion of an individual ; he had not consulted any of his friends around him , and upon this occasion he was particularly anxious , that whatever might fall from him in the course of the debate , might be exclusively considered as conveying only his own individual opinions , being fully aware , from some misconstructions which had taken place , of the tender ground upon which he trod in differing , in any respect , from the opinions of his right hon . friend who moved the present question , or in proposing any departure from the line of conduct which his right hon . friend had , on the present occasion , prescribed of himself . But before he spoke immediately to the question , he thought it his duty to advert to a letter he had received , that morning , from a Roman Catholic clergyman , whose authority was given in some of the latest Dublin newspapers , for the representation , that an artilleryman , at Woolwich , of the name of Tool , had been confined for refusing to attend the service of the established church , and on his demanding a court martial , it had been refused to him , and that he was sent abroad without a trial . Mr. Green , the clergyman in question , expressed great uneasiness at this statement , which he avers that he had never made , though he admits that he did state that the man had been confined on this ground , —that he had been dismissed without any further punishment , and since which he had not heard of him . Of the fact that great abuses had subsisted , and did still subsist , with respect to this sort of coercion , Sir J. H. said he could adduce abundant proof , but he should at present not go into that species of grievance , but reserve his observations for the discussion of the Militia Inter change Bill . Adverting more immediately to the motion