enabled to visit on his creditor the injustice which he had experienced in his own person . If he possessed 6,000l . in the 5 per cents ( the case supposed by his hon . friend ) and rented a house at 300l . a year , he might certainly receive 300l . from government with one hand , and pay to his landlord with the other . But suppose his lease were expired , or suppose he had any fresh bargain to conclude , did his hon . friend suppose that this public creditor would be placed in a better situation by bank notes having been made a legal tender ? The I morning after they bad been so made a legal tender , would not the butcher and the baker raise their prices upon him ? Would not his landlord , if his lease were expired , raise his rent ? Would not all these people reply to his remonstrances , `` No , no , you are protected by act of parliament ; you may pay us in Banknotes at a depreciated value , and it is compulsory on us to receive them ; you must ' give us an higher price than when we had an option on the subject ? '' Would not this be the language held to the unfortunate public creditor ? How , therefore , would he be protected ? Individuals who were employed in industrious occupations might thus relieve themselves from the evil of the measure , which would press with accumulated weight on those who had not the means of exertion—on the small annuitant—on the aged—on the widow—on the orphan . These having received their pittances in a depreciated currency , must be compelled to purchase articles raised in price in proportion to that depreciation . The present Bill as it stood could by possibility only affect past contracts . A clause should therefore be introduced to render it applicable to future contracts . There were great precedents for such a proceeding . There was the law of usury , and there was the example of France . Nevertheless it would be useless , for what would be the consequence ? 927 No contracts would be entered into . No leases would be granted . Parliament must then go one step further . It would be the last step ; but it would be so like the former steps , that they would probably feel no difficulty in taking it . They must enact the law of the maximum . By that alone could they effect the object which they had in view . Whether any minister would be found bold enough to assert or any man blind enough to believe , that by a maximum Great Britain , more than any other nation that had adopted such a measure , could escape famine and confusion ; famine which no bounty of Providence could relieve , and confusion which no accumulation of armies could subdue.—Whether , he repeated , any man would be bold and blind enough to recommend a proceeding which must necessarily be followed by such direful consequences , he should be better able to say with certainty , when he should hear some one of the defenders of the Bill argue in its support . If any such attempt were really to be made , he trusted that the immediate , and the signal ruin of the author of it , would prevent the not less certain and utter , though perhaps the less immediate ruin of the landlord . Twenty-two years from that very day had commenced those events in a neighbouring country , which in their consequences had proved so fatal to liberty . Those events had commenced with an insidious and pretended solicitude for the tenantry of that unhappy country . War had been declared against the palace , and peace promised to the cottage . The palace had indeed been razed , but into the cottage had been introduced , not peace , but the scourge of military conscription . If any thing could awaken , on the anniversary of such an event