, and thought that a land-owner ought to be the last to sit down and make a cold calculation about depreciation . He did not mean to insinuate that the noble lord had been actuated by any improper motive ; he understood that his heart was as excellent as his attainments were high ; but he had been the means of stirring up a most mischievous question ; and from his high character it was to be feared that his example would have the greater effect . Did the noble lord think that he was acting for his own interest ? If he did , he was mistaken ; for the interests of every description of persons of properly in this country were so intimately connected , that no one could injure one species of property to any great extent without injuring the rest . The noble lord was like the flying philosopher in Johnson 's Rasselas , who , after spending his whole life in studying the laws of motion , and the wings of birds , at length made wings for himself , and , attempting to fly , was in one instant precipitated to the bottom . The observation of an older philosopher , one of the wise men of Greece , that ah injury to one of the lowest members of the community was an injury to the state , deserved the attention of the noble lord 937 and others . Injustice to the tenantry of the country would be an injury to the public interests ; and the House could not in equity and sound policy refuse to protect them . The Bill had his complete approbation . stated that he had objected to the resolutions of the Bullion Committee ; first , because be was averse to the specification of any particular time for the resumption of cash payments by the Bank , and next , because he did not believe that Bank notes were depreciated . Upon the same ground he opposed this Bill , for if it passed , the public would immediately think that there was no doubt but that the notes were actually depreciated . He was convinced the motives of the noble lord who had been the cause of this measure , were good ; but the effect of his example , if imitated , would be dangerous . The notice was the most extraordinary he had ever seen ; it assumed the fact that a depreciation had taken place . But the noble lord had no right to take that for granted . What was depreciation r Depreciation , he apprehended , existed wherever the real value of the circulating medium was less in common estimation than its nominal value . If in the common transactions of life , a Bank note was reckoned less valuable than 20s . he should allow that there was a depreciation . But as to the high price of bullion , he thought that no proof whatever . Gold , like other commodities , would be high or low in price according as it was in greater or less abundance . Suppose wheat were at 80s . a quarter , and barley at 40s . two quarters of barley would at this rate purchase one of wheat . But suppose that from a scarcity of wheat the article rose in price , two quarters of barley would no longer purchase one of wheat ; not because the barley had depreciated , but because the wheat had risen in price . The idea of ministers at first was , that this project of the noble lord would not be imitated ; but when they found his conduct was defended by other persons of the highest consideration , they thought it necessary to pass this Bill . But had any of those persons actually imitated the example. ? In his opinion the ministers should have done nothing . The noble lord would distrain ; but what would he get from the sheriff ? Why , Bank notes , for gold was not to be had . Some said there was no difficulty in procuring