sold Bank notes at a loss ? Is there any law which forbids that ? The right hon . gent , may tell me , that this question is at this very moment before the judges of the land , by whose determination the conviction to which I have referred , will be either confirmed or reversed . And so I tell the right hon . gent . ; and from that very circumstance , from the law on that subject being in a state of such uncertainty as to require a reference to the judges , it is in my opinion unseemly , and must be most unsatisfactory , for the House of Commons to assume the law to be such as the right hon . gentlemen 's Resolution declares it . 112 But , supposing the declaration of the law by the right hon . gentleman 's Resolutions to be correct , still how does it bear out his assertions as to `` publicestimation ? '' Does he not know ; is it not notorious—has it not been admitted in the course of this debate , that in one part of the United Kingdom at least , in Ireland , so far are bank notes from being `` equivalent to the legal coin in the public estimation , '' that a premium is openly given for guineas ? Does the right hon . gent , forget , that the House of Commons , to which he proposes hi . ' '' Resolution , is the House of Commons of Ireland , as well as of Great Britain ? And can he conceive a proceeding more likely to bring that House of Commons into contempt with the people of Ireland , that that , with the perfect knowledge which we have that they are every day exchanging bank notes against guineas at a discount , we should come to a Resolution that , not in our estimation but in theirs , bank notes and guineas are equivalent ? When Buonaparté , not long ago , was desirous of reconciling the nations under his dominion to the privations resulting from the exclusion of all colonial produce , he published an edict , which commenced in something like the following manner : — '' Whereas sugar made from beet-root or the maple-tree is infinitely preferable to that of the sugar-cane… '' and then proceeded to denounce penalties against those who should persist in the use of the inferior commodity . The denunciation might be more effectual than the right hon . gentleman 's Resolution : but the preamble did not go near sol far ; for though it asserted the superiority of the maple and beet-root sugar , it rested that assertion merely on the authority of the state , and did not pretend to sanction it by `` public estimation . '' When Galileo first promulgated the doctrine that the earth turned round the sun , and that the sun remained stationary in the centre of the universe , the holy fathers of the Inquisition took alarm at so daring an innovation , and forth with declared the first of these propositions to be false and heretical , and the other to be erroneous in point of faith . The holy office `` pledged itself to believe '' —That the earth was stationary and the sun moveable . This pledge had little effect in changing the natural course of things : the sun and the earth continued , in spite of it , to preserve their accustomed relations to each other , just as the coin and the bank note 113 will in spite of the right hon . gentleman 's Resolution . The reverend fathers , indeed , had the advantage of being enabled to call in the aid of the secular arm , to enforce the acceptance of their doctrines . I confess , I am not wholly without apprehension , that Some of the zealous advocates for the right hon . gentleman 's doctrine may have it in contemplation to employ similar means of proselytism . There is something ominous in that mixture of law and opinion