by virtue of his office , he could oppress and intimidate any individual , who , during the recess , might venture to act upon that interest ? Sensible that such conduct in individuals afforded a contradiction to all their arguments , which was plain and palpable to the understandings and business 889 of all men , they seemed to have relied on their own discretionary powers , greater than the law itself , to put down and extinguish every such attempt among individuals . Now , indeed , when this design could be no longer entertained , the minister came down to the House with a proposition for violating at once all subsisting contracts made antecedent to the depreciation , and to alter the whole system of our law for the preservation of the value of property . He was willing to do justice to the candour of the right hon . gentleman , who certainly had this night , with a singular frankness , professed his conversion to the code of Robespierre . It was now no longer a secret , that in the opinion of his Majesty 's government , Bank notes might eventually become a legal tender , as they would by this Bill immediately become a legal equivalent . What inducement any longer existed upon the Bank to restrain its issues ? They now saw that parliament was pledged to support them , and that the law might soon protect them in any extent of issue . The right hon . gentleman seemed to think it strange that men should defend their property ; but such a defence , when aided by the sanction of the law , did not appear to him to be mean , or unworthy of any person , more especially if that person was one who had watched the progress of the depreciation , and felt it to be his duty to guard himself and his family from its effects . The right hon . gentleman seemed to have forgotten that the paper currencies of the continent had been all issued on the credit of the government of the respective states . But what interest , he would ask , had the people of this country in the profits and bonusses of the Bank ? That the present state of circulation was necessary to support the system of government , was precisely what was urged by the government of France in justification of the assignats , and it was an argument which completely overlooked every principle of public honour and national faith . It was idle and fallacious to represent the stockholder 's interest to be connected with a fall in the value of paper , and that he could derive any benefit from the increasing prices of commodities and the decreasing value of his property , because landed property was subject to the same sort and degree of loss . The right hon . gentleman had seemed to describe himself as the only legitimate representative of Mr. Pitt . He had never before heard that distinguished person , 890 whose great qualities all admired , however destructive they might deem his measures to the public interest , accused of any design to get rid of the national debt in the manner by which he certainly might have succeeded in that object—by making Bank notes a legal tender . The exception of Ireland , and the limiting the duration of the Bill , were only fresh proofs of the impropriety and danger of the expedient . How could foreigners be expected any longer to trust their property in our funds when the returns were annually diminished ? Pregnant as the Bill was with such extensive consequences , he called on all who valued not merely the interests , but the character , the credit , and the faith , of the country , of government , and of parliament , to pause before they agreed to a measure that was nothing less than an outrageous invasion of the most sacred right '' of property , and a plain avowal that the circulating medium of the country could not support itself