had come forward , and stated their willingness to have the Restriction Act repealed . This was stated in a report to the House , which was presented by an hon . gentleman of the name of Bragge ; and he remembered it had been said then by a right hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Sheridan ) on the proposal of the Bank not being agreed to , that Brag was a good dog , but Holdfast was a better . He said there had been a system of fraud practised on the public mind ever since 1793 , not by any particular administration , but by all administrations . He had no hesitation in saying , that 36 millions of specie were to be found at present in this country ; it was nonsense to talk of the ship-loads of gold sent off to the continent . adverting to the mention made by his hon . friend of a foolish joke which he had used when the Restriction passed , observed , that the joke had been remembered better than the application . The Committee for investigating the affairs of the Bank , with Mr. Bragge at its head , reported the willingness of the Bank to pay in cash , if political circumstances would allow it . Upon which , Mr. Pitt applauded the Committee and the Bank , but said that political circumstances would riot permit the resumption ; and it was on that occasion he had said , that Brag was a good dog , but Holdfast was a better : not , however , approving the conduct of Holdfast , but quite the contrary . His honourable friend , who had made such an able speech , had expressed his wish that the House should hear him ( Mr. Sheridan ) ; this was somewhat surprising , because his honourable friend knew that he differed from him totally in opinion . Before he could be convinced that parliament ought not to interfere on the present occasion , he must also be persuaded that a change of system would not put an end to the means of supporting the great contest in which we were engaged , nor disturb the whole commercial arrangements of the country . Could any thing be more unjust than to compel the public creditor to take Bank notes , and yet leave it in the power of others to refuse them in payment from him ? He , himself , had for four years encountered Mr. Pitt , and proposed resolutions as to the state of our finances , in which he had been followed by others . Upon these , Mr. Pitt had been in the habit of proposing amendments . The great difference between them was , as to the 1096 expenditure which would be necessary in time of peace , he contending that it must be 17 millions , while Mr. Pitt affirmed that 15½ millions would be sufficient . Every one would have thought it extravagant to suppose that the country could support , an income much beyond the highest of these sums , yet now the country supported an expenditure of 70 millions , without the slightest symptom of severe injury . No one in walking the streets of this metropolis could suppose that its wealth and luxury had decreased ; though he lamented the distresses of the manufacturers and others , arising from a different cause . This had taught him not to be so confident with regard to financial predictions ; and he was amazed at the warmth with which both sides , without much personal interest in the question , supported their several opinions , and with what confidence each side asserted that it was in the right . But party-feeling had run high on this subject ( Hear ! hear ! from both sides ) . If he had wanted a proof that he was correct in what he had stated , he had it now ( A laugh ) . Every one was full of his own theory . If the noble lord whose conduct was said to have