different nature . There , the House had not given any previous opinions . In the present instance , the Commons knew the decision of the House upon the subject , and that decision was , in the greater part , upon evidence communicated to their lordships by the Commons . It was a question of right upon which the House ( the supreme court of Judicature ) had decided . Let their lordships consider in what a situation they were placed . He could not devise a more flagrant case . The claims of Mr. Palmer had no just foundation ; and the bringing forward again the subject so many years after the death of Mr. Pitt , who treated with that gentleman on the part of the public , was at least suspicious . It Was what he could net have expected , and be regarded the proceeding as most unjust . entertained a very different sentiment from his noble friend , as to the case of Mr. Palmer . The contemplation of no case whatever , gave him so much pain as that , as he thought the principles of justice were far departed from . The procedure in that House upon that occasion was what he highly disapproved . Ought that House to have proceeded upon evidence stated before the Commons ? He retained his former sentiments as to the justice of Mr. Palmer 's Claims , and never could he hear the subject mentioned without expressing those sentiments . This however , was a point distinct from that first touched upon by his noble friend , a point upon which he would , at present , offer no opinion . expressed his satisfaction that the late proceeding of the Commons had been so properly noticed in that House , and on the earliest possible opportunity . With reference , however , to his own convictions upon the subject , and the deliberate decision of the House upon it , he could not possibly hear what fell from the noble earl who spoke last , without entering his protest against it . Their lordships had decided , after the most full and deliberate consideration of the subject , not only upon evidence transmitted by the House of Commons , but on further and original evidence laid before their lordships . After what had taken place , he , for one , thought the subject would never be brought forward again . 270 He could not avoid expressing his surprise at hearing from the noble earl , the comparison he had made between the vote of compensation to Mr. Palmer , and the vote for the payment of the debts of Mr. Pitt . In the last case it was not what had been termed fancy or generosity ; it was a testimony due to the great public services rendered . It was the tribute of a grateful country to the greatest man that country had ever produced , from that country which he had saved . The vote for Mr. Palmer went to give a recompence , where punishment was deserved . rose to explain . He had not used words bearing the construction the noble earl had put upon them . Whatever difference of opinion he entertained from the noble earl respecting the public character and merits of the noble earl 's illustrious and great friend , he never brought that grant into comparison , far less into a precedent , with respect to the case of Mr. Palmer ; and that must be the more evident to the noble earl , who was entirely in possession of his sentiments on the latter ease . observed , that he was one of the majority who had voted against Mr. Palmer 's claims ; and , in giving that vote , he considered the case , both as it purported to be a claim in justice and a claim in equity.—In both views of it , to him it appeared unfounded ; and that opinion he delivered , after giving it as much attention and consideration as if he had pronounced that opinion in a court