synod , and declared their firm adherence to their resolutions of 1808 . Still there is no condemnation of the principle of their resolutions of 1799 , admitting the interference of the crown , —but a decided reprobation is expressed of the measure proposed by some of the Roman Catholic body—that of elections by Chapters alone . To these latter resolutions , appeared twenty-six signatures , of which twenty-one were bishops of Irish Catholic Sees ; but of the six bishops of the province of Connaught the name of only one appeared to these resolutions of 1810 . Of those who signed the resolutions in 1799 , the name of the late Catholic Archbishop of Tuam is only wanted to those of 1810 . The names of three coadjutors also appear to the latter resolutions , together with the name of the Vicar Capitular of Tuam , Dr. Kelly , although he stands suspended by all the bishops of the province of Connaught , and the name of the Warden of Galway ( who has also episcopal jurisdiction ) , is also affixed to them . Of the singular constitution of the Ward-inate of Galway Sir J. H. would say a few words . By a constitution of Gregory VIII . 1434 , the parochial church of St. Nicholas , with some neighbouring parishes , was * See Vol . 17 , p. 31 . 402 placed under a warden and eight vicars , the warden to be elected by the mayor , sheriffs , and burgesses of Galway , and to receive institution from the eight vicars , —The vicars elected in the same manner to be confirmed by the warden.—By a regulation of Clement XII . sores time between , 1730 and 1740 , the archbishop of Tuam is invested with a visitorial power , and an appeal is given from the sentence of the warden to the tribunal of the archbishop , but the election is left in the same state.—The warden to be elected once in three years . Here , then , is an instance of an election conferring episcopal jurisdiction , devolving on and continuing in the hands of lay patrons and Protestants , for such must have been the corporation of Galway in the time of Clement XII. > In the last resolutions of 26th February , 1810 , the prelates declare `` that the oath of `` allegiance , as taken by his majesty 's Irish Roman . Catholic subjects , was approved by all the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland , after long and conscientious discussion and consultation had with several Catholic universities and individual authorities throughout Europe . '' By the said Oath of 1793 they swear , `` that they `` will not exercise any privilege to which `` they may become entitled , to disturb and weaken the Protestant religion and Protestant government of the kingdom . '' Sir J. H. adverted to these facts , as Dr. Milner himself , a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church , in his late publications , condemns the Resolutions of the English Catholics , as tending to the security of the Established Church , and `` blesses God for the discovery that the parliamentary friends of the Catholics had the security of this part of their establishment in view . '' I—Here , Sir J. H. again observed , was a point of the highest importance for examination in a select committee ; to ascertain how far the opinions of Dr. Milner , —himself being one of the four vicars apostolic , were countenanced by his brethren of the episcopal order especially : —so also would be the examination of the principles inculcated in the class-books of the students destined for holy orders in the various seminaries of the Brish empire , —those of May-nooth , of Old-Hall , of Stonyhurst , of Ushaw , of Ampleforth , & c. He could himself aver , from the most correct information , that the civil and political principles of Catholics inculcated at each of those several seminaries , were conformable to the class book of the professor de la 403 Hogue