year 1807 , a system of proscription had been exercised by France which greatly diminished our exports to the continent . '' As far , then , as regarded the policy of this country with respect to Europe , it appeared , even from the resolution of that House , that the policy of this country had failed ; and that the line of policy which France had adopted , as contrasted with our policy , and considered with respect to the objects which the enemy openly avowed , had been fully successful . With respect to America , also , the House had resolved , `` that the intercourse with that country was uncertain and interrupted . '' It must be recollected , that a few years ago we had been told by the authors and advocates of the Orders in Council , that the trade with America would not be muck affected by them ; that trade would force its own way ; that America would soon see her true interests ; and that our intercourse with that country would remain undiminished . America , at that time , told this country , that if she persisted in orders so contrary to the rights of independent nations , she would suspend the intercourse between the two countries . The authors of our Orders in Council anticipated no evils from this measure ; but the distresses of our manufacturers now 447 clearly proved that great evils had resulted from it , and that the loss of the American market had been severely felt in this country . No man attempted to deny the sufferings of our manufacturers , or to say that they were overstated in their petitions . Their misery was sufficiently well known to the world , and the only reason alleged for not going into a Committee was the impossibility of giving them any substantial relief . If the enquiry should , however , now take place , he hoped that it might still be possible to prevail upon ministers to retrace their steps with respect to America , and to reopen that market to our exports . We had been often told , that it was impossible to repeal those Orders in Council , until the French decrees should have been repealed . If , however , the Berlin and Milan decrees were now actually repealed , why not repeal the Orders in Council ? If there were doubts whether the French had really repealed those decrees or not , should not some experiment be made to learn whether they were sincere or not ? When it had been in the power of ministers to put this matter to the test , it appeared to him , that a noble lord ( the marquis Wellesley ) had shewn a dilatoriness , and a negligence of conduct , which was quite astonishing . In his negociations with the American ambassador , he appeared to shew a considerable degree of inattention . The American minister had left the country ; the negociations had completely broken off , and must recommence when Mr. Foster should arrive in America . The communications between the two governments had now been published by America , and he could conceive no other reason for having denied them to the House of Commons but merely to gain time . He could not avoid feeling very sincere regret , that a minister of such talents and such temper as Mr. Pinckney should have left the country . There never was a minister whose patience and forbearance had been more put to trial than Mr. Pinckney 's , and he thought that it would be hardly possible to find a negociator equal to him , not only for supporting the interests of his own country , but for discussing with fairness the points which were disputed between the two countries . The course of the communications respecting the revocation of the French decrees was this : on the 25th of August , Mr. Pinckney communicated to the marquis Wellesley the revocation , expressing 448 an expectation that the Orders in Council would be revoked also