the principles which they professed ; and professed not merely with a view to the present question—not for the purpose of conciliating their lordships—but professed on all occasions , and in all countries for the last hundred years . The alarm arising from the sense which might have been affixed to some bulls of popes , and decrees of councils , had not been confined to protestant countries only . Even in Catholic countries an explanation and disavowal had been called for . In France , about 130 years ago , a disavowal had been made of those obnoxious doctrines which were now imputed to the Catholics . No pope , for the last 130 years had upheld them , and they had been disavowed by others , in every instance in which they came under consideration . Where , then , was the justice of going back to councils and remote times to impute to the Catholics the holding of tenets , which they no longer entertained , especially when their actions were in direct contradiction to such as would naturally result from such tenets ? Why should such means be re-sorted to for the purpose of exciting a suspicion that the conduct of the Catholics would be different from what was their actual practice ? Adverting to the alleged influence of the pope , the noble marquis observed that the Catholics considered that influence confined solely to spiritual matters . This they professed ; and if their conduct had been of late in opposition to such professions , then the truth of them might be doubted . But , in the history of modern times , notwithstanding the pains that had been taken , the research that had been employed for the purposes of this question , had there been found a single instance of the production of a great political effect that could be ascribed entirely to this influence ? In the great political changes , in the radical revolutions which had occurred in the last century , where was the mighty effect of the power of popes and 661 of councils . Had it prevented the dissolution of the Germanic body ? Had it prevented the French Revolution , where the interests of the pope were so much concerned ? Or had this dreaded power been inactive , and dead through all the storms which agitated the continent , to be revived and called into exertion in a remote corner of the world to affect the interests of England ? The inefficacy of that power as to political matters did not , then , rest merely on the professions of the Catholics—it was proved by their own conduct , by indisputable facts . With every desire for the permanent security of the state and the church , connected as they were , he felt no dread of a power the effects of which were no where to be found . But it would be injustice to the Irish Catholics to say , that their conduct had been of a negative description . He begged their lordships to consider what it had been during these last ten years , while this question had been in agitation . And here he must observe , that , though it had been said that this was the same question brought under discussion from year to year , it had been , in reality , a new question every year , for it always had come supported by fresh proofs of the loyalty of the Catholics , always by fresh services of a kind not only useful to the country but almost essential to its existence . Ten years ago a distinguished political character , the late Mr. Pitt , had retired from office because unable to do justice to the Catholics . Then followed the war attended with the dread of invasion ; and that war was still raging . By whom was it to be carried on ? Upon what foundation did the contest rest but on the exertions of a large proportion of the Catholics ? And if it was important to defend the state and the chinch