the bill one half-crown . It had been said , that the bank directors had brought in the bill ; they had not had any communication with the noble earl who brought it in—had neither solicited , desired , nor-supported it . He could put it to the House whether this bill , as in the case of the loyalty loan , involved any pecuniary interest . If it did , he should , as he did then , withdraw , but having no such bearing , he conceived that no proprietor ought to be excluded from voting . On the division upon the last reading , the numbers Were 113 to 35 , therefore , he would gain nothing by his motion ; for if the whole of the Bank directors were to be left out , still there would be above 100 members of parliament , remaining , to give their free , cool , and deliberate judgments on it . On these members no such imputation as interest would rest ; as well might objections have been taken to the votes of certain members upon the distillery bill now before the House . The hon . gent . ought to have challenged the votes of the member for Norfolk , of the member for Cumberland , and , in short , of all the agricultural interest , for they were certainly mainly interested in that question . It was : not however , necessary to follow the hon . gent . in all the questions which he had so irrelevantly introduced : there was no evidence to prove that the bank had divided six millions , nor was he bound to say whether the profits of the company had been more or less ; but he would ask the House , whether any company , holding a charter from government , for which they paid a large price , was to sit still with their hands behind them , and , unlike other companies , neglect to increase their profits fairly and honestly . Other companies ' stock had increased in value : for instance , the Royal Exchange assurance from 77 to nearly 300 percent . The Grand Junction Canal was another instance . It was not exactly fair in the hon . gent . to travel into another place , and bring forward the name of a noble lord , whom he had the honour to call his friend , and state that he had public monies in his hands which he might have invested in the bank . His surprize was so great that he was about to have risen to order , but the House seemed to feel the impropriety , and expressed their opinion . Both in the ease of lord King and lord Arden it was improper to mention their names , as neither could an- 1007 swer for himself , not being members of that House . He should object to the motion , and in voting on the Bill exercise his own judgment , until he was reminded by the House that he was doing wrong . He should continue to pursue that line of conduct which his conscience told him was correct , not deterred by any thing the hon . gent . could say , but exercising his abilities for the interest of the country . did not think there was a gentleman in the House could be influenced in the vote he should give ; if there were any such , it was the duty of his hon . friend to point them out . He thought my lord Arden had been dragged in head and heels for the purpose of being abused . Instead of taking the name of my lord Arden , his hon . friend might have taken the first on the list , and there he would have found the name of the Speaker ; and the noble lord was introduced because his hon . friend was aware that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had too much of dignity , too much of feeling , to answer the