. To adopt and record the right hon . gent . 's premises as the foundation of his own conclusion , would be in his view , no doubt , perfectly consistent but it would be a consistency obtained at no less an expence than that of abrogating , so far as the Resolutions of this House can abrogate it , the whole system under which the currency of this country has been hitherto regulated and preserved in a state of purity and integrity , equally creditable to the character of the state , and to the unceasing vigilance and anxiety of parliament . In matters which have been frequently the object of parliamentary revision , it is no light thing to come to resolutions of a general and abstract nature without taking the former proceedings of parliament for our guide . If they who dissented from the doctrines of the Bullion Committee thought the errors of that Committee the more formidable on account of the authority by which they were in calculated , how much more cautious ought we to be in ascertaining beyond possibility of doubt , the truth of those doctrines which we are now called upon to promulgate by the much higher authority of the House itself ? A declaration of the law by one of the branches of the legislature ought not to be made at all but for a grave and adequate object ; and at least ought to be unimpeachably correct . Let us examine the right hon . gent . 's first Resolution , in this double view . First , let us see how far it is positively correct and secondly , what is the object to which it is directed and how far it attains that object . That the right of establishing and regulating the legal money of this kingdom is a prerogative of the sovereign , is most un- 98 doubtedly true ; that the sovereigns of this kingdom have at different times altered the value of such money , is also true—if by value be intended only the dew nomination of such money , that is the rate at which any given quantity of gold or silver should be current within these realms . But `` value , '' absolutely stated is by no means a correct expression . To alter the positive intrinsic value of the-precious metals , or make it other than it is by nature , and by the relation which-those metals bear to other commodities , is a power , which neither kings nor parliaments have hitherto , so far as I know , arrogated ; but the existence of which to be sure would at once put an end to all dispute , and give to the right hon . gent. , and those who side with him , a complete triumph . If value were indeed the off-spring of authority , there is no doubt but that paper or pasteboard , or any viler material , might be raised by that authority to a level with gold . But the only power which sovereigns have ever yet exercised or claimed , has been to fix the rate or `` current '' value of coin within their own dominions . Nor is it merely an inaccuracy of expression to omit this qualification of the word `` value . '' It is an inaccuracy which may lead to serious misconception in case where the whole controversy turns upon this single question , `` whether there be or be not an inherent inextinguishable value in the precious metals estimated ac cording to their relation to other commodities generally , throughout the world ; and independent of any arbitrary valuation , which positive edicts Or enactments can affix to them ? '' The right hon . gent . 's proposition as it stands , with out the addition to the word `` value , '' of the epithets `` current '' or `` denominative , '' would go to favour the notion that edicts and enactments have this power a notion so wild that it might seem almost unnecessary to guard against it , if