give it away for nothing , or in exchange for whatever sum of money he pleases ; or if he can not obtain what he demands , to retain possession of it . `` 2 . That any statute , having for its object to restrain this right , would be contrary to the principles of the British constitution , and a flagrant violation of the most sacred rights of property , and the ancient and inalienable liberties of the people . `` 3 . That any statute , having for its object to prevent the Bank , or other paper currency of the country from being exchanged against the lawful money of the realm below a certain rate , would , if it could be carried into effect , cause the lawful money of the realm to disappear , and would , in proportion to its efficacy , preclude the application of the most appropriate remedies for the present derangement in the circulation of the country . `` 4 . That the free exchange of the lawful money of the realm with the paper currency on such terms as , the holders of each may think proper to settle among themselves , is not only the undoubted right of the subject , but affords the best means of restoring the circulation of the country to its sound and natural state , by establishing two prices for all commodities , whensoever the one currency is from any causes depreciated below the other . `` 5 . That no law whatsoever can alter the real value of the paper currency in relation to the lawful money of the realm- , nor alter the real value of either kind of currency , in relation to all other commodities ; and that any attempt to fix the rates at which paper and coin shall pass current , must , in proportion to its success interfere with the just and legal execution of all contracts already existing , without the possibility of affecting the terms upon 1109 which contracts shall be made in time to come . `` 6 . That it is the bounden duty of the Commons House of Parliament , as the guardians of the rights of the people , to discountenance and resist a scheme which has for its immediate objects the establishment of a maximum in the money trade of the realm , and the dissolution of the obligations already contracted by numerous classes of the community , but which has for its groundwork principles leading to an universal law of maximum , and the infraction of every existing contract for the payment of money ; and that a Bill touching the gold coin which has lately been brought from the Lord ? , has all the said objects , and proceeds upon the said principles . '' said , he did not mean to argue either for or against what seemed to him to be a self-evident proposition . He wished merely to explain that he conceived the hon . and learned gent , to be one of the last from whom a reproof of using too high a tone in debate , came with any grace ( a loud cry of hear ! from Mr. Perceval and his friends ) . He trusted at the same time , that he should always hold a sufficiently high tone to do justice in , that House to any character which might belong to him out of it . explained , that in what he had said of the directors , he had not dealt in insinuation , but had merely observed that it was unfair in them to represent themselves as under no other influence than the 2,000l . stock , and then to say that that influence was nothing . said , there was one part of the hon . and learned gent . 's Resolutions , which he believed few would be disposed to think was not the perfect right of every man , that of giving away his property . He begged also to say , that he did not think the Bill would add to