of the extreme irregularity and impropriety of his conduct , and which was stated to be of a description not more inconsistent with decorum than with the rules and discipline of the prison . He was in possession also of certificates contrary to those mentioned by the hon . gent . He had , however , no objection to make every further inquiry necessary to prove whether it was possible to relieve the inconvenience complained of , His noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) had , it was but justice to say , manifested ever desire to render the confinement of Mr. Finnerty as mild as was compatible with the sentence . said , he knew not what Mr. Finnerty 's conduct might have been ; but the charge rested entirely on the 730 authority of the letter received by the right hon . gent . But even if this was the case , he could not see why he should be denied airy apartments . The certificates which he had received were signed by three very respectable physicians , and were therefore entitled to belief . The observations of the magistrates , as recorded in the petition , were under any circumstances highly improper , nor was a want of money a just reason for adding to the severity of the punishment of any offence . The conduct of the sheriff likewise was very indiscreet . did not know what powers were vested in the magistrates or gaoler to convert the prison into a House of correction , and inflict solitary confinement at their discretion . This appeared to have been done in this instance , and an acquaintance of his had informed him , that in passing through Lincoln , he had wished to see Mr. Finnerty , but was refused admittance . It likewise seemed to him that the Secretary of State was not a proper person to be appealed to , or any of the executive ministers of the crown . Enough had certainly been said to induce the House to take the Petition into full consideration , and extend to the prisoner all the relief and accommodation that was consistent with the nature of the sentence . said that a friend of his had been denied access to Mr. Finnerty . thought that the allegations contained in the petition were of a nature that required an answer very different from that which had been as yet given . There could be no doubt that Mr. Finnerty had entered the prison in which he was now confined in a state of health much impaired ; a circumstance which in itself ought to have been sufficient to have ensured Mr. Finnerty every possible indulgence consistent with his situation . Indeed , he thought , that this might have been rendered without any very extraordinary exercise of humanity . But instead of this , it appeared that he had been treated with downright cruelty . It was , indeed , a statement of cruelty so excessive , that in his opinion it would be to the disgrace of the House if they suffered it to remain on their table uncontradicted and unremedied . There were some parts of the , Petition to which the right hon . secretary had given no answer ; one especially , which appeared to him to require the fullest explanation , if indeed it could 731 admit of any ; and that was , that the gaoler , with but three in family , monopolized to himself the exclusive use of thirteen separate rooms ; while Mr. Finnerty , at the manifest risk of his life , was to continue for eighteen months confined in a damp and noisome cell . He would ask , was this to be endured ? Was it to be endured that a gaoler was thus to assume the power of making an infinite difference between punishments which the courts of law originally meant to be the same . Upon what ground did this gaoler take it upon him to refuse Mr. Finnerty 's friends access to him ? Was this a part of his sentence ? and