Why , really , considering that he now has his pay as president 2,000l . per annum , and his sinecure in Scotland of 2,000l . more , considering that lord Melville has one pension from the East India Company of 2,000l . per annum , another from the crown of 1,500l . per annum , that he has in addition to these pensions a sinecure of 3,500l . per annum , making between the father and son 11,000l . per annum ; considering all this , and above all considering that the family first embarked in public life in the gratuitous line , they may at least be said not to have done much , and that no case of real distress is at all made out by the right hon . president.—The hon . gent . said , perhaps he entertained more jealousy of the right hon . president on these subjects than others did , and it was owing to his having had occasion before now to look after him ; some time since he found that the right hon . president had got very comfortably settled in an excellent house , for which 9 or 10,000l . of the public money had been given , that he was living in it , rent-free , and that he was pleased very humourously to call it , the official residence of the president of the Board of Controul ; upon further inquiry he found that this house had long been a great favourite in the right hon . gentleman 's family , that lord Melville had himself selected it as a hand-some piece of attention to be paid him by the India Company in the shape of a conveyance of fee in return for his gratuitous government of India ; and this plan was only defeated by some mischievous persons in the court of proprietors . The right hon . gent . when he succeeded to the office , held formerly by his noble relation , succeeded likewise to the passion entertained by him for this house ; and , as he said before had actually shewn address enough to get possession of it at one time . Now the only use he meant to make of this fact was this , namely , to impress upon the House , that when they have any thing to do with the right hon . gent . as a claimant for remuuneration of his own services , though he has had barely the experience of four years ' official labours , yet in the appreciation of an adequate reward for them , he would be found to be a very considerable artist . Under all the circumstances of the case , he hoped the right hon . gent . would excuse him for now attempting to separate him from the society of the 327 clerks in this Bill , by moving to expunge all that related to his own increase of pay , and next year he might appear again with at least as much dignity , and with more propriety on the part of the House , when the institution of the Board of Controul itself and all relating to it were to come under public consideration . as he had been alluded to by the hon . gent . thought it proper to state , that before leaving office he had recommended that the salaries of the president and other officers of the Board of Controul should be put on a more respectable footing , and that he considered the public service materially interested in this augmentation of salary . said , he did not conceive himself at present called on to enter into any of the personal allusions of the hon . gent . He , for himself , should never have thought of bringing forward the present Bill , had his own interest alone been concerned , bat he was called upon to do so for the sake of others , whose interests were also concerned in it , at the suggestions of those who were interested in the permanent respectability of that department of the