King ) , '. , I am sure that the censures applied to his conduct were most unmerited . I know and love the character of that noble lord ; 823 I know his public spirit , his extensive in formation , his acquaintance , equalled by few , with the subject now before us . My Lords , I also know the private virtues that adorn him , the kindness of his temper , and the benevolence of his heart ; and if I were called on to name the last man in the country likely to commit an act of injustice and oppression , it would be my noble friend . If the time is arrived for the introduction of new principles of government , and if my noble friend is to be required to explain the reasons which govern his private proceedings , in this assembly , will your lordships tell me where these principles are to stop ? Are the merchants likewise to be called to your bar , to be interrogated as to the mode of managing their business , or to be instructed by government in the means of conducting their commercial transactions , so as to produce the greatest share of advantages to the country ? Is that maxim of political science which influenced the policy of the government till it was subverted by the rash measures of the Board of Trade , to be at length utterly relinquished ? That maxim which has been sanctioned by the most eminent statesmen and writers , and in the justice of which I most heartily concur , that the best way of promoting the public , was to give unrestrained freedom to the prosecution of individual interests , the aggregate of which constitutes the mass of national prosperity ? It is not my intention , my lords , to trespass on your patience by following my noble friend through all the detail of his lucid and manly speech . In answer to the observations upon it , made by the noble lord ( Bathurst ) I content myself with appealing to the law , the plain understood law of the country . It is by that law that the members of the community must regulate their conduct , and not by party doctrines in parliamentary debate . I do not wonder at the wrath of ministers being directed against my noble friend : I do not wonder at the cowardly attempt to raise a public clamour against him , because he has been the immediate means of proving the fallacy of their belief , that they had set this question finally at rest . If , however , they had been animated by one spark of justice , or ordinary candour they would not have held him out as a solitary example , but have fairly admitted what has been stated to you by a noble lord , this night ( lord Rosse ) that he had only imitated what has been the common practice in the north of 824 Ireland , as well as the conduct of numerous individuals in this part of the empire . But this would not have suited their design , this would have been to admit the existence of the mischief that is coming upon us , and the only way of accomplishing this purpose was , if possible , to deter him by clamour and invective , from persisting in pursuing the dictates of his judgment . The question , however , is now said to assume a public character , and in this light I perfectly agree with those noble lords who have dwelt on the urgent necessity of applying an early remedy . The kind 's ministers , indeed , from whom it was natural to hear something on such a subject , do not favour us with the slightest observation . I believe , my lords , and I have before expressed this opinion , that the moment is at length arrived when , if the evil be not arrested it must advance with an accelerated progress , till it produces a stale of calamity