opinion ; there were papers on the table which shewed it to be the decided declaration of the people of Ireland , that any modification of the Tythes would be better than the present system observed in Ireland ; and the question seemed to be , whether the House should proceed to a modification of this system , or whether they ought to rest satisfied with the mere ipse dixit of the Secretary for Ireland on this subject ? He , believed , that in a true system of politics , no grievance ever existed for which a remedy was not to be found . The grievance here complained of , was that of the union of an Anglican church to an Irish state . The question now to be considered Was , whether at any future period , the evils thence complained of might be remedied ? —The only alleviations proposed by the right hon . Secretary , were resident clergy , who would have no duty to do ; and glebe houses , which must be useless , unless where there were families to put into them . The right of Tythes rested on an Act of Parliament ; and there was no reason why it should not be changed , as well as the acts regarding Crown rents and quit rents , which had undergone alterations . said the clergy only got according to the goodness of the crop , which was a more equitable mode of proceeding than that of the landlord , who insisted on having his rent whether the crop succeeded or not . The conspirators , along with O'Connor and Emmett , had been known to declare , that the people would not be at all relieved by the abolition of Tythes , which would only go to increase the rents of the landlord . He denied that the proportion of Protestants and Roman Catholics was at all as had been represented . Instead of the Roman Catholics amounting to five millions , he contended that they did not amount to above half that number . declared , that he never had any idea of dispossessing the present proprietors of Tythes , without seeing that they received a perfect and complete equivalent . The right hon . and learned doctor had been pleased greatly to underrate the population of Ireland ; but he would venture to assert , that the next census would exceed five millions of people . The Secretary of State , too , had asserted what would almost induce him to say he knew nothing of the country , at least greatly to doubt that he was acquainted with the wishes either of the people or of the clergy.—The plan which he would propose , and which , he was satisfied , would be agreeable not only to the Irish clergy , but to the Irish people , would be , that the clergy should be paid from the treasury , by the sale of the clerical lands , and if any thing in addition was required , then , he submitted , that there could be nothing so simple as to raise the remainder by an acreable tax on the lands over which there was at present a right of Tythe . The sum thus allowed , he should propose , should average the Tythe for the last three years , and , that there might be no complaints , that the valuation should be revised every 21 years . If such a system were adopted , then would the bone of contention , which at present existed in Ireland , be withdrawn , and Ireland would become a mine of wealth to England , instead of being a burden upon her , as she had been said to be by the hon . member for Corfe castle ( Mr. Bankes ) ; that hon . member , who had made it his study on all occasions to speak most contemptuously of Ireland , had , however , only shewn his ignorance on this occasion . here called the hon . general to order . was happy , however