as that alarm had been found to exist , it was judged best not to impose the duty that government had it in contemplation to lay on . When he opened the Budget , he had stated to the Committee , that such ample provision had been made for the service of the year , that he thought it unnecessary to lay on any additional duties , but such as , dictated by commercial policy , were regarded as wholesome and judicious regulations . As the parties likely to be affected by the Bill , were now suffering from the pressure of the times , if after the alarm had been excited , the Bill had still been persevered in , it might have appeared to them an insulting aggravation of their present embarrassments . Under these circumstances , and with these feelings , he had resolved to withdraw it ; and for the reasons already stated , while he did that , he should not feel it necessary to supply what it might have produced by imposing any new tax . , in answer to a question put on a former night by an hon . gent . then present ( Mr. Whitbread ) , begged leave to state the nature of the fund newly created by fines for the discharge of seamen . According to the old arrangement , when a seaman was permitted to procure a substitute in order to quit the service himself , his only course was to apply to persons called Crimps , who charged at the rate of 100 guineas for an able-bodied seaman , and 50 guineas for a landsman , and they insisted that the entire sum should be deposited in the first instance , often before they had obtained the substitute themselves . The consequence of this was , that months , and even years elapsed , before the substitute was found ; and the individual , who paid his money , had often sailed to a foreign station , or , perhaps , died , before the object was accomplished , losing , to his distressed 308 family , the full amount of his discharge . The government , considering this a subject which called for its interference , resolved to interpose its authority , and put an end to the iniquitous trade of Crimps altogether . With this view it was determined by the Board of Admiralty , that the man should be discharged , the moment his discharge was paid for at the rate of 80 guineas for an able bodied seaman , in the place of 100 , and 40 guineas for a landsman , in the place of 50 , as charged by the crimps under all the casualties of imposition and delay . The money thus received , was carried into the fund for raising volunteer seamen ; and he had the satisfaction to state to the House , that all the objects of the arrangement were fully answered . There was likewise an adequate security for the proper application of the money , there being no less than five checks upon the fund . This , he hoped , was a satisfactory answer to the question of the hon . gentleman . declared himself perfectly satisfied with the explanation , and was confident the public would be perfectly satisfied also . opposed the Speaker 's leaving the chair . He stated some objections to the Bill , and among others , insisted strongly upon the impropriety of placing the clerks of the Board of Control upon a better footing than the clerks of the Navy Office , by increasing their salaries . If such a principle were once recognized by parliament , there could be no knowing where it would stop . Every other department under government might feel itself entitled to an increase ; nor did he see how the subalterns of the army and navy could be refused , after such a proceeding . thought the hon . admiral completely misconceived the facts of the case : at the present moment there was an annual deficiency of 1,300l . and unless