here arose between the noble mover and lord Liverpool , respecting the day to be appointed for the second reading of the Bill . Lord Liverpool wished it to be read a second time to morrow ; as he then intended moving , as an Amendment , That the Bill be read a second time that day two months . Lords Stanhope and Lauderdale objected to so early a day , and proposed Monday ; for which day the second reading was ultimately fixed . at considerable length , addressed their lordships upon the merits of the present claim . He professed to feel that sentiment which had generally actuated the consideration of the Committee . From the bottom of his soul he could say , that he had from the first entertained a wish that lady Berkeley might be enabled to shew the right of the present claimant . But he requested that their lordships would keep the subject of this title abstractedly considered , and putting from their minds other feelings and sentiments which had mixed themselves with the inquiry , and which had been pressed upon their attention , that they would look to the title itself and the evidence that had been adduced in support of that title . He wished them to consider most attentively the Act of Marriage , 26 Geo . 2 , s. 33 , by which it was required that the marriage should take place after licence obtained , or bans published , and that the marriage should , after the usual solemnization , be duly registered . He had no doubt their lordships would agree with him , that , if licences were not obtained , nor bans published , according to the direction of that act of Parliament , the marriage afterwards would be null and void . God forbid he should , in saying this , be understood to declare , that for want of a precise compliance with that statute , the marriage would be null ! If , from the conduct of the parties before and afterwards—if , from their mode of living and demeanor , as husband and wife , they 771 considered themselves to be married—if , from the general repute of the world , or the neighbourhood where they dwelt , they were believed to be so—and if their children , born under such circumstances , were accounted legitimate , it was his opinion that the presumption of law would supply the irregularities of a marriage ceremony . For instance , under such circumstances he was not prepared to say , if the clergyman had not published the bans in an audible voice , and the entry of the marriage-register had afterwards been made in an irregular way , that marriage so solemnised would be declared void . The presumption of law would be in its favour . But , if these irregularities took place under circumstances totally opposite , the presumption of law would be against the marriage.—The noble and learned lord next proceeded to comment upon the nature of the Evidence , and observed , that that on the claimant 's side could not have been satisfactory of itself , independent of the evidence adduced so strongly against the claim by so many witnesses , and from such indisputable testimony . The case represented by lady Berkeley herself and her brother , was surrounded by the greatest improbabilities . The object of secrecy was ill-chosen by selecting Berkeley as the parish for publishing the bans and solemnizing the marriage . The fact of their publication was not satisfactorily made out by the claimant 's witnesses , and it was in a great degree contradicted by the evidence of the parish clerk at Berkeley . The register of the marriage also , under every consideration , was attended with glaring improbabilities . The conduct of lord Berkeley in leaving his wife two days after the ceremony , and not seeing her again till the lapse of considerable time , was also very improbable . The excuse alleged for keeping this marriage secret , on account of the improper conduct of lady Berkeley