were now joined by our allies with more spirit and enthusiasm than they at first evinced , and our generals having so repeatedly shewn that they could beat the most celebrated generals and the best disciplined troops of France ; we might , without being accused of too much presumption , venture a hope , that our future efforts would not be in vain , and that we might still look forward without fear or dismay.—The hon . gent . had said , he thought we should still keep our eye fixed on peace , but feared the experiment had never been fairly tried . Whether that was the case or not , he would not pretend to decide . The last time it had been tried it was by those of whom the hon . gent . of course could not but think well , and they had tried it so long , that he believed the length to which the negociation was carried , had been universally allowed to have produced the most injurious consequences , not only to this country , but to all who were at that time in alliance with us.—As to the question of his having doubted the power of the House to grant money in the case of Mr. Palmer 's claim , and then coming to it a few days afterwards for a vote of credit , he considered the cases to be very different , the one being the disposal of the supply , the other the supply itself.—With regard to the remaining argument respecting the King 's health , it was time enough to speak of that when the hon . gentleman should bring forward the subject . All the argument urged for it was , that parliament , in case of the King 's recovery , might be improperly prorogued ; but there was no more reason to suppose that in this case , than in any other . He was then asked , whether he would have any objection to produce the examination of the physicians before the queen 's council . He must confess he saw no reason for it at present , but it was time enough to debate that when the question was regularly brought before the House . Upon the whole , he was glad to find that the hon . gent . had no idea of refusing his assent to the motion , but had availed himself of the opportunity , rather for the purpose of delivering a speech than of obstructing the proceedings of government . defended the Orders in Council , and the answers given to the merchants by lords Bathurst and Wellesley . spoke against the Orders in 455 Council . He thought ministers might very safely and properly have rescinded them on the declaration by France to America that the Milan and Berlin decrees had been repealed . It was evident from the conduct of the French government , that Buonaparté was fearful we should think they were repealed , and dreaded our acting accordingly . He ( Mr . B . ) was of opinion , that if ministers had rescinded the Orders in Council at that time , Buonaparté would have been greatly mortified . asked the right hon . gent . to judge of the effects of their Orders in Council from the petitions on their table from so many thousands of their hitherto flourishing manufacturers ? To consider if there could be found any where a body of men more distressed ? If in any situation or in any country , they could find a body of industrious and ingenious men more helpless , or hopeless , than they . Then they might plume themselves on their Orders in Council , but not till then . The Resolution was then put and agreed to . expressed , on the part of the Catholics of Ireland , some apprehensions as to the security afforded to them by the Bill for the free exercise of their religion , on account of the very few places of Catholic worship in this country . He proposed a clause for