a. Whig Administration governed the country , upon an Address of the House to queen Anne , recommending the fortifying Chatham and Portsmouth , the Queen returned for answer ( which , according to the doctrine of the present day , was an answer tending to disturb the unanimity of both Houses ) , that she was happy the House had attended to the fortifying Chatham and Portsmouth ; but that as the expence was to be defrayed out of the aids of the year , and the expence was indefinite , she would order the plans and estimates necessary for the works to be drawn out , and then call upon parliament for their aid and assistance to carry it into effect . That was a case in point . He did not know in what part of the constitution it could be found that one House issued money from the public purse without the consent of the other . Were ministers to be blamed for advising the Crown to recommend the House to pause , not for the purpose of rejecting Mr. Palmer 's 356 claim , but to give an opportunity for both Houses to agree upon the mode of satisfying that claim if well founded ? It was clear that one House thought a Bill was the proper mode of originating the claim . He therefore approved of Ministers in the advice they had given , which if they had not done , they would have been highly censurable . Even if he did not think so , he could not agree to the motion , as he saw nothing in the Answer that could be construed into an expression of doubt as to the readiness or sufficiency of the House of Commons . said that be perceived the right hon . gentleman opposite did not mean to enter on his defence , but chose rather to trust to his numbers than to argument . This was , however , in his opinion a most important case ; it contained the claims of a very meritorious individual , who had been of the greatest service to the public and to the revenue . It had undergone the ordeal of no less than six investigations , and , so many times had that House been determined in his favour . He would not then trouble the House by going into any lengthened detail of the whole of Mr. Palmer 's treatment from his first connection with his Majesty 's government . The petition of Mr. Palmer came recommended from the Crown ; it was referred to a Committee , great numbers of whom were the friends of the right hon . gentleman ; and that Committee had determined in favour of Mr. Palmer . The right hon . gentleman contrived to leave the vote out of the Appropriation Act , and the matter was made the subject of a separate Bill which was thrown out by the Lords . The right hon . gentleman , finding himself out-voted in the House of Commons , very cunningly said to himself , `` Well , as that is the case , though I have many friends here , I have more in another place , and there I can defeat all that has been carried against me here . '' From this circumstance the right hon . gentleman inferred that the Lords ' decision upon that Bill was a proof that they would be adverse to the vote of the House of Commons . This inference , however , Mr. Tierney denied ; for the Lords had only said , that they thought the claim of Mr. Palmer to the per centage was too great . He was sure however , the Lords would have no objection to give Mr. Palmer 54000l . as a remuneration , which came recommended by the Commons , not only to compensate 357 his public services , but which was to be in lieu of the per centage to which he had so strong a claim . He would be glad to know , where on the Journals of the House they could