a crowd of laws were merely done away , which were a shame to the statute book ; laws that ought never to have existed ; in the other , it was enacted , that on signing certain articles , an immunity from specified inconveniencies should be given to dissenting ministers . He was always unwilling that questions of this nature should be stirred . He would not go into the question , but if it pleased the House that the Toleration Act , which had slept for an hundred and twenty years , should be roused once more , he was ready to meet the whole discussion . When the noble viscount had given notice of his measures the House could scarcely have the aspect in which it was afterwards to look upon them . But at every repetition of the notice , something was added . The evil complained of by the noble viscount was more and more seen to be visionary ; but the remedy was seen to be more and more violent . One diminished as the other increased . As to the evils which the Bill was to remedy , there was no document before the House to prove that there was any loss of Militia service by the privileges of the dissenters . The noble viscount had established his opinion on some private letters , on which probably that noble viscount placed much reliance . But , were those things to be documents , authorizing the House to heap disabilities on the whole immense body of Dissenters ? One of those letters was from a gentleman , who complained that one of the preachers in his neighbourhood , was an atheist and deist at once ; that he denied a first cause , and preached a first cause . And it was upon the testimony of such correspondents that the present Bill was built . No mandamus had been applied 249 for in the King 's Bench , and therefore the questions of immunities were to be actually agitated by the House of Lords . If two country justices were to disagree en any point , and the dispute was too trivial for the quarter sessions , it was to be brought before the House of Lords , The part of the Bill which went to force the dissenting ministers to be moral after the fashion of the noble viscount was new , offensive , and tyrannical . This was the distinct meaning of the noble viscount . He would manufacture the dissenting ministers into precisely such men as he would wish to have preaching to himself ; but this was not the species of preacher that the dissenters chose . This attempt at measuring the morality of the dissenting minister by the noble viscount 's private conceptions , was totally opposed to the principles of the Toleration Act , and was calculated to be eminently offensive and vexatious . What was the mode of qualification ? They must find six housekeepers to vouch for their morality . And who were those that were to have the power of bringing forward six housekeepers to speak to character , or who was to deny to the dissenters the right of having humble men for their teachers ? Suppose five hundred paupers chose to hear religion from the mouth of a man of their own choosing and of their own class , was it to be said , that the desire was beyond what might be permitted ? and where was this teacher to find his six housekeeping vouchers ? or was the argument to be persisted in by those men who were so ready to boast of their attachment to religion , and to acknowledge as one of its glories that it had risen by the labours of humble men , not merely without dependence on , but in opposition to the wealth , and influence , and power of the great of this world ? Yet it was not enough for the Bill , that the Dissenting minister should be devout and learned , but that he should be proved so to his congregation