imposes a duty upon advertisements of 300 lines in a ratio of 20 to to what is paid in this country . I am not stating , the House will bear in mind , an injury that may occur ; but what actually takes place frequently . As an instance , I hold in my hand an Irish newspaper , containing an advertisement for the relief of the Portuguese , the duty upon which was 2l . 14s . Now the same advertisement in an English paper , would be subject to 3s . ; therefore I call upon the right hon . gent . if he can do it , to reconcile those facts with the ratio which he distinctly stated to the House when he proposed this tax . It will be unnecessary for me to detail 183 to the House the injuries consequently resulting to the Irish press , for I may appeal to any of the gentlemen of Ireland here , who are in the habit of reading the Irish papers , whether since the tax has been enforced , the advertising columns have not greatly diminished . Indeed , this tax far exceeds the means of ordinary advertisers , and in Ireland they have become less by one-half than they were before it was imposed . It is also to be observed , that the number of readers of advertisements must be proportionably diminished , and that a diminution of the circulation of newspapers is the inevitable consequence , so that the revenue is decreased more than even what doubling the duty was estimated to produce . Besides this , we are to keep in mind that the Irish press labours under hardships peculiar to itself , and also that it is deprived of many of the advantages the English press enjoys ; to name one , for instance , the Irish proprietor is allowed a discount of but one and a half per cent , and the allowance in this country is 17 per cent . Such , Sir , are the observations I have thought it my duty to make upon this subject ; they are founded upon facts , and every person who wishes well to Ireland , must desire that the blessings of an enlightened press should be enjoyed there , and no press can be enlightened or beneficial to the country that is not free . The tax , if persisted in , will make the honourable labours of men of talents , unproductive or ruinous to themselves , and such prints only can exist who look not to the public favour for support , but who receive for their remuneration the wages of corruption . I move you , therefore , That the Petition , with the act of the last session , be referred to a Committee of the whole House . Sir ; the hon . gent . over the way says , that this an oppressive tax , and to prove it , he adds , that two newspapers have been set up in Ireland . He states , that the duty would have fallen very considerably short , if 1,000l . had not been added by two newspapers , which were not in contemplation at the time of raising the duty . What is to be inferred ? That if the papers had fallen off and been injured , there would not have been two papers voluntarily set up . But the fact is this ; last session I was misunderstood and misrepresented , not voluntarily , but I never said , that I meant to impose two thirds of the duty in . Eng- 184 land on Ireland , but that I thought the mode of fixing the prices were better there than here . The printers charge so much for every ten lines , and the framers of the tax thought that the duty should be paid in the same way for every ten lines ; that is , the proprietor and the government should consider every additional ten lines as a new advertisement . I then said , and the situation of