was confined to civil offences , or extended to sentences of courts martial also . The only other point to which the Bill was meant to go , was to give the Company the power of taking up ships by private contract in case of emergency only , and that for a single voyage . He concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making further provision for the payment of salaries and other charges in the office of the Commissioners for the affairs of India , and for enabling the East India Company to restore to the service of the said company military officers removed therefrom by 130 sentences of courts martial , and to authorize the said company , in cases of unforeseen emergency , to take up ships by private contract . '' highly approved of an increase being made to the salary of the president of the board of controul . He did the whole of the business . During the fourteen months that he was connected with that Board , he never heard that they had once met . If the president had 4,000l . out of the 5,000l . or even the whole sum , be though it would not be too much . After a few words from lord Morpeth and lord Castlereagh , leave was given to bring in the Bill . rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill to permit the interchange of the British and Irish Militia respectively . He was convinced that gentlemen would be surprised that a measure like the present had been so long delayed , rather than that it was now proposed . This , he presumed , the House would feel , on the principle that when the two countries were indissolubly united together , it ought to follow that what was the interest and duty of the one , should be so of both . At the same time , the House would not forget , that the power of France had not , till lately , made those gigantic strides towards universal dominion which now marked her course , and rendered less probable a permanent and lasting peace . Whatever opinion gentlemen might entertain as to the mode of proceeding to be adopted by us , and however much they might disapprove of our continental efforts to check the enemy , still there could be but one opinion , as to the necessity of united efforts at home ; and this could never be fully attained while our militias were confined to one country . He knew he might be told that they had formerly volunteered an interchange of their services , and that they would be ready to do so again . But this did not apply , and it was to be hoped that no such event as that would again occur . The proposition he had to make did not need instances to illustrate it . But he might refer to the campaign in Portugal of this year , where nothing was now left to be done , but as to which all our fears , anxieties , and expectations were now converted into joy and exultation ; and he might ask gentlemen if when they were anxiously waiting to hear of reinforce- 131 ments reaching our brave countrymen , from Sicily and from Halifax , they would not have supplied them with pleasure , by dispatching to the relief of our country-men those valuable troops in Ireland , whom , if the present measure had then operated , we might have spared from that country . If so , who would say that we should not now resort to such a measure ? He should not discharge his duty , however , if he confined his view of the present measure merely to a consideration of its military advantages . We should not , even in a military point of view , have done all we were called on to do , if we did not do this . But the moral and political effects to be expected from