From the original edition , printed for J. Ridgway , Piccadilly . 791 viding it into two principal parts : 1st , My individual conduct ; and , 2dly , the general subject of the present depreciated currency of the country , and the alarming projects held out of destroying the ancient standard of value , and of subverting the basis , and denomination , of the lawful money of the realm . I shall therefore proceed to state plainly , and explicitly , my reasons for refusing at this time to receive Bank-notes at their nominal value , in certain cases , and to avail myself of the remedy provided by the law . Since the late decision in the House of Commons it appears to be the declared intention of the government , that the restriction shall continue to the end of the war , however distant that period may be . The subject is thus brought home to the individual interest of every man whose property is yearly , even monthly , deteriorated in consequence of the unnatural state of the currency of the country . Under these circumstances , therefore , I have thought this the proper lime to make a stand in defence of my property , and to endeavour to protect myself from further spoliation and injury During the last twelve years , we have seen the depreciation of Bank-notes progressively advancing in the most alarming manner ; and every hope and prospect of amelioration being destroyed by the recent resolution of the House of Commons , there appeared to remain no other choice than either to submit with tame ; and patient resignation to receive payment in currency , of whatever value it shall please the Bank of England , in their forbearance and moderation , to permit henceforth to belong to the currency of the country ; or to have recourse to the remedy which individuals possess by law , and which I shall hereafter shew has been purposely allowed and secured lo them by the law . There is also another reason , which I confess has had some influence with me in this determination . It was asked , insultingly , in another place , whether any person had ever yet ventured to refuse Bank paper in payment or satisfaction of a lawful debt ; and on that foundation , it was attempted to be argued , that in point of fact , there , existed no difference in value between paper and gold , and no actual depreciation . By bringing this question to issue , at least one of the remaining wretched supports of this fatal system will be overthrown . 792 In this state of things , for the defence of my properly , I have thought it advisable , in the management of my private concerns , to inform my tenants holding lands under old leases , and under old leases only , that I can no longer continue to receive Bank-notes at their nominal value , in payment , or satisfaction , for such contracts , and I am now prepared to assert , not the bare legality , for that is unquestionable , but , what I am much more anxious to prove , the justice and equity of the course I have thought myself obliged to adopt . The plain broad principle upon which I have acted is , to require payment in a currency of the same intrinsic value which the currency possessed at the date of each respective agreement , and in order to as certain this intrinsic value , I calculate the amount of gold which the stipulared rent was able to purchase at the date of the lease or agreement , and require the same weight of gold , or a sum in Bank notes sufficient to purchase that quantity of gold at the present time . I offer this alternative as an accommodation to the tenant , in case he makes the option of paying in paper money , instead of fulfilling his agreement by payment of his rent in the lawful gold coin of the kingdom .