it can be said that the liberty of the press was less injured or confined than under this tax ; for I think , for my part , that I never read a greater degree of warmth or a larger number of paragraphs , letters , or statements which indicated a 190 degree of liberty in the papers than what have been penned on this very tax , which is the subject of so much animated discussion , by far more like the sentiments of liberty than I ever read in the longest advertisements I ever saw . It does appear to me that people continue to publish advertisements for their own , and the public concerns , with very material advantage . Certainly I think the question was very fairly put across the House , that my right hon . friend was willing , if the parties so pleased , to adopt the English mode of taxing advertisements . It might be a very fair subject for consideration in the House ; we should have no difficulty in adopting that rate , and , as I understand , it would rather be preferred . There were in the year 1809 , 14,000 advertisements , under ten lines , and they produced 4,745l . and the whole tax on all the other large advertisements did not produce so much as those under ten lines ; therefore it may be a matter worth consideration , if it would be right to make that tax any longer a subject of complaint , for it appears to be a tax which would fall much lighter upon them , than that which applied to newspapers in England . On the whole , therefore , I think , that if any alteration were to be made , it would be . the worse for the newspapers—and they ought to take care , that in making their complaints , they do not shew that they are not sufficiently taxed , so as to draw upon them additional burdens . If I were to advise the proprietors of newspapers in Ireland , I should recommend them to abide by the tax as it is , rather than to seek it to be imposed as in England , for I believe they pay less at present , and lose less in their profits , than if they were to pay the tax paid by the proprietors of English newspapers . They will find , that the right hon . gentleman opposite has not made a proposal to night extremely beneficial to them , if he were to change the subsisting tax in Ireland for the subsisting tax in England . They say , if you do not like the tax as it is , how shall we give you help ; and the only answer they make , is an addition to what you complain of . Now , the contribution in England is 15 parts out of 17 ; the whole contribution of Ireland to be raised by a single tax , by the act of Union alone , would amount to only two parts out of 17 . It is an odd standard , to take off the ability of Ireland , to say , that England pays the same tax ; 191 but the act of Union has an express provision on the subject , which says , that no article shall be taxed more in Ireland than in England . Perhaps if these articles had been considered worth a little more attention than they received , they might have admitted of considerable improvement ; some might ; not have been inserted , or have subsisted at this moment . But does the right hon . gent . think it reasonable that the , newspaper proprietors in Ireland should be subject to the additional tax on long advertisements ? Here it is only 3s . on every advertisement . Take the comparative calculation in the two countries , and is there any man who will stay , that it is a fair rate of taxation ? I think where an English advertisement pays 3s .