observation , and therefore he thought himself secure , arid that he should go scot free . With respect to the statement of the profits of the bank , that he did not think correct , and stated a history of the bank from their first formation , in 1696 , to shew that they had always kept up a close connection with the government . was satisfied that every gentleman in the House would see the motive which induced the hon . gent . to select the name of lord Arden . It was invidiously introduced— [ Mr. Creevey denied that he Had so introduced it ; ] The manner , the time , and the observations , were too glaring not to convince the House of the motives of the hon . gentleman . He had no doubt , but that if his name had begun with a instead of an A , and that therefore he had been at the bottom instead of the top of the list , he would have been equally Selected . If the noble lord had not himself answered the questions put to him , he had , however immediately referred to his deputy , who knew better than he did ; and this deputy did give the Committee as much satisfaction as they could desire with respect to the amount of lord Arden 's emoluments . There was a prodigious difference between the case of the loyalty loan , where the decision of the question put 500l . into the pockets of every subscriber to the amount of 10,000l . and the present question , where , if there was any 1008 interest , it was the most minute that could well be conceived . A number of members in that House had a much greater and more direct interest upon the Distillery ' question , and it might be as well contend ed that no member should rote upon a Canal Bill , who had any property in another canal which might be at all affected by it . The gentlemen who opposed the bill seemed a little inconsistent in this particular , that while they contended that it would accelerate the depreciation , they still spoke of it as supporting the Bank . He thought it unfair for them to use the argument in this manner on both sides . could not help observing , that however just might be the disapprobation expressed of any allusion to the motives of one noble lord , the sentiment was equally applicable to the censure passed upon the conduct of another . With respect to the objects of his hon . friend who had brought forward this motion , he had not the smallest doubt of the purity of his views , although he did not think he had fully succeeded in proving the direct pecuniary interest of the Bank proprietors if the present bill , and if any indirect interest was permitted to operate as an exclusion , it would on many occasions-cut off half the votes of the House . The question , however , now was quite distinct in its nature ; it was a question between the interests of a monopolizing company ( he did not mean to speak invidiously ) and the interests of the public . Now , he had never heard of a corporation of barley growers , or of a corporation of West India planters , or of any act of parliament , to defend them against the lawful demands of their creditors . If in 1797 a motion similar to the present had been made , he could not believe that it would have been resisted , it being then clearly the direct interest of the proprietors that the restriction should take place . He did not assert that they first suggested or brought that measure forward , or that any censure ought to be passed upon them for their conduct on that occasion . Their evident and immediate interest in the question ought , how-ever , he conceived , to have prevented them from publicly voting in favour of it . The