. The receipt of this letter was not acknowledged until the 31st of August . On the 12th of October , the British merchants applied to the Board of Trade to know whether the Orders in Council would be revoked in consequence of the revocation of the French decrees . The vice president professed entire ignorance of the revocation on the part of France , and advised the merchants to call on the Chancellor of the Exchequer . That minister was then out of town ; and no communication having been made to the merchants by the 9th of November , they , on that day , presented another memorial , and on the 12th of November , lord Bathurst saw the committee of merchants , and expressed a doubt of the decrees being really revoked by France , and a wish for some practical proof of it . The Committee immediately offered , as a way of obtaining this practical proof , to send off to France a rich American ship , which lay off Mother-bank , if she could obtain protection from the admiralty cruisers . This offer was refused . On the 19th the Committee saw lord Wellesley , who expressed himself to the same effect as lord Bathurst had done . They offered to him the same means of obtaining a practical proof , and were again refused . What could be more strange than that ministers , after having always professed that their Orders in Council should only subsist while the French decrees were in force , should yet neither take any measures themselves to ascertain whether the revocation was real or not , but should refuse the practical proof when offered by the merchants . It appeared as if ministers were afraid to give up their darling object . Lord Wellesley , however , said , that he would give an answer in a few days . No answer , however , did arrive , and on the 22d of December the merchants presented another memorial ; and on the 29th they saw Mr. Hamilton , the Under-secretary , who told them that ministers had no satisfactory proofs of France having actually given up her decrees . They again presented a memorial , on the 12th of January , without any better success . It did appear to him that during all this time lord Bathurst and lord Wellesley had shown gross inattention to * those important interests which were involved in that question . On the 2d of November , the President of the United States published his proclamation , declare- 449 ing that the Berlin and Milan decrees had been revoked . In consequence of this proclamation many vessels cleared out for France from America . Some of those vessels were taken by our cruisers , and the first of them was the Fox , the case of which was highly important , as governing the fate of the other vessels taken under similar circumstances . This vessel , the Fox , was claimed by the American minister on the ground that the French decrees having been repealed , the British Orders in Council ceased of course . To this claim no answer was made ; but the king 's advocate received a letter to suspend the proceedings until after the departure of Mr. Pinckney and Mr. Foster from this country . Sir William Scott was , however , the other day proceeding to give judgment against the claimants , and only suspended the judgment on its being stated to him that new evidence could be produced of the revocation of the French decrees . This new evidence was the letter of the duke of Bassano to the American Consul , Mr. Russel . Those who first brought forward these Orders in Council did so from the supposition that they would operate in favour of this country ; but when they had witnessed the in effects of them , he should have supposed that they would have been glad to escape from them , and would have taken the earliest opportunity of moving for rescinding them . By their licences they had