that Address . He had since that period learned that the Address had not been presented ; and the hon . mover being now in the House , he should move that the order for the Address be rescinded , which passed in the affirmative . stated , that hit anxiety for the repeal of the above act had arisen from a wish to prevent the government of Ireland making use of it as a means of interfering with the constitutional right of the subject to petition . When he originally gave his notice on this subject , it would be recollected , that there was a very thin attendance of gentlemen from Ireland , and since that time he had been obliged to postpone it , owing to a variety of causes , to the present late period of the session . With pleasure he saw that the government of Ireland had not acted on the right hon . gentleman 's ( Mr. W. Pole ) circular letter ; and that the right to assemble for the purpose of petitioning , was freely permitted to the people . The Convention Act had been suffered to re-main , as it should do , a dead inoperative letter on the statute book . He had been again induced to put off his motion on account of the absence of many of the representatives of Ireland , and also in consequence of the important motion of his hon . friend ( Mr. Parnell ) which stood for this evening . He should not , therefore , press the measure on the House during , the present session , but early in the next , he 571 should feel it his duty to bring forward a motion on the subject . assured the hon . gentleman , that the Irish government had not altered their line of conduct inconsequence of any measures taken as to the issuing the letter alluded to , nor had they altered , in any degree , the construction they had given at that moment to the Convention Act . He conceived it to be an act essential to the peace of Ireland , and it had been approved of at the time of its passing by some of the most constitutional lawyers . It was merely a declaratory act , and it was thought most proper to make it perpetual , and not limited in point of time . He could not help trusting , that if at any future period any part of the measures of the Irish government for the peace of that country met the notice of that House , they would pause before they gave encouragement to any motion concerning it , in order to have an opportunity for previous investigation . He could assure the hon . gentleman and the House , that the general tenor of the duke of Richmond 's administration had been one of conciliation ; and it was satisfactory to him to find , that the House had already justified their conduct in the strongest manner possible ; and that , upon the late discussion of the Catholic question , no one thought proper to make any observations upon their behaviour to that body , nor to any other body of his Majesty 's subjects . They had always left to the Catholics the full , free , and undoubted right to petition the legislature , provided there were nothing in their proceedings to endanger the peace of the country . was still of opinion , notwithstanding all the explanation that had been given , that the exercise of that power given under the Convention Act , was very blameable in the government of Ireland . He disapproved of the warning thrown out by the right hon . gent , as to calling their conduct in question . Was it proper to say , that the power of that House was to remain , as it were , in abeyance , till the Irish government thought proper to inform them that they had done so and so , and propose that inquiry should be made into it ? He