of the price of the bill ; and this limit would exist even during the suspension of the cash payments of the bank , provided there was a moderate quantity of gold coin actually circulating ; for , in that case , if the exchange fell below a certain point , some men would clandestinely collect our guineas , and thus furnish a remittance ; but now a man must walk a mile before he can collect a guinea ; he ; must incur great expense in gathering , as well as in purchasing , the very trifling quantity of coin which remained among us . The limit , therefore , to the fall of the bill , was no longer what it had been : we were ceasing to have any limit , and were therefore now arriving at a new state of danger ; so that it was difficult to say , in case untoward circumstances should arise , what might be the extent to which the exchange possibly might run down . Such had been the effect of the long continuance of the Bank restriction Bill , and of the system under which we had acted during the fourteen years of its existence . The House had now decided against the repeal of it , and seemed to intend that the bill should remain in force until the period already assigned to it , of six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace . He was not eager as to the question whether the Bank should now be required to open at any early period . He would wil- 80 lingly have agreed to suspend the determination of that point , if he could but have seen a disposition to act in the mean lime , in such a manner as to facilitate the opening . But the misfortune was that the directors of the Bank seemed to consider the suspension as exempting them from the necessity of pursuing the principles on which they would have acted if no suspending hill had passed , and on which also they could not fail now to act , if they were liable to pay in Cash . To one of them the question was put , `` Supposing the Bank to pay in cash , and a great drain to arise ( and there could be no doubt that a great drain would now arise if the Bank were liable to pay in cash ) should you advise some diminution of bank paper ? '' The answer was , I must recommend it from necessity , though in my opinion it would not improve the exchange . I think if one of the advantages of the restriction bill , that we are not driven to that necessity . '' The parliament , if they voted the resolutions of his right hon . friend , would fortify the Bank in these opinions . They had , in-deed , already indicated their approbation of them , by negativing all the first resolutions of the learned gentleman ; and in consequence of that vote , which he had considered to be a vote against any limitation of paper , he had reluctantly joined in the subsequent vote for opening the bank in two years ; a vote which he should have been glad to have had an opportunity of qualifying , by specifying certain accompanying measures , by which he thought that the apparent severity of it might have been mitigated , and the opening much facilitated . He had , when in the Bullion Committee , expressed a wish to soften the terms used in that part of the report which suggested that the restriction should cease in two years . He was clearly against a period so indefinite as that of six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace , considering all the experience we had had . He was for returning to the principle on which we had set out , that of allowing to the Bank only a short term ; possibly renewing it , if necessary , but not as a latter of