. He could not now quote the expressive language of that great man , but the substance of it was , '' that the assembly might place the government in what hands they chose , but if once they declared paper to be coin , ( he real governors of the country would be the coiners of that paper . '' Should this Bill pass , the government of the country would be no longer in the bands of King , Lords , and Commons , but in those of the Bank ; and all the multifarious transactions of men , in all the walks of life , would be left lo their control Their lordships were interested with the government itself , not to place the happiness of the country at the discretion of the Bank directors . He must , therefore , enter his solemn protest against this measure . If once adopted , we could not stop ; the Bank-notes would run the same course with the assignats , and after passing through various stages of depreciation , would at last end in being absolutely valueless . He knew that a great deal might be said of the inconvenience of paying in specie ; but if that was not done without delay , or at least a period fixed for the resumption of cash payments at the Bank , the neglect would not fail to draw down the greatest evils upon the country . observed , that all the arguments of the noble lord who had just sat down rested on this foundation alone , that the paper currency was depreciated . Now , that was the very question to be decided ; and there was one argument which , to his mind , was decisive , that no depreciation had taken place . The value of any useful article could only be depreciated by too great abundance . There was every reason to believe that the amount of notes of the Bank of England now in circulation did not exceed the mass of circulating medium compounded of notes and gold in 1798 . Was a less quanitity of currency required now than in 1798 to conduct the mercantile transactions of the country ? Surely not ; our domestic transactions had , on the contrary , greatly increased , and therefore there could not be a superabundance of the circulating medium , which could be the only cause of its depreciation , particularly as nobody doubted the credit of the Bank . The question was , whether a remedy should 818 be applied to prevent the evils which a noble lord 's determination was likely to produce . He thought there should , and that the present Bill presented that remedy of all the measures of Mr. Pitt , who was certainly one of the greatest financiers that ever lived , the Bank restriction was that which was attended with the greatest advantages . Had it not been for that great operation , the country would long ago have succumbed before the enemy . It was asserted by some , that if the quantity of circulating medium was reduced , it would increase its value . But , then , look at the other consequences . It would cramp and confine the industry of the country ; it would put a stop to the operations of agriculture and commerce ; the country would suffer the most tremendous evils . This would be the effect of making the Bank pay in gold , as its issues would necessarily be contracted in proportion . He wished this measure to be extended to Ireland also . The situation of the people in the north of Ireland was at present most calamitous ; they were completely at the mercy of their landlords . Many of them would only take their notes at a discount ; and if there were any noble lords from that part of the empire now present , he would ask them , if there was not a class of persons there who would only receive notes at one value , and issue them at another ? Could