authority that parliament could give to its proceedings . The House of Commons might as well be required to wait the opinion of they Lords upon every public monument , yet monuments were voted without that sanction . The debts of Mr. Pitt were paid without any such postponement ; and the salaries of the Judges were increased without waiting for the opinion of the Lords . For these reasons , he was anxious that the question should be brought forward , as its importance entitled it to an early and full discussion . said , that through the whole of his observations , the hon . gent . was pleased to run away with the assumption that he intended to question the privileges of that House . Nothing could be more unjust than such an assumption . On the contrary , he should contend , that the Address alluded to contained nothing which could , in the remotest degree , affect those privileges , or question the authority of parliament . said he could not attend 320 on Monday , as he had already declared ; but it was competent to any other gentleman to bring it forward at a more early period . All he should say at present , was , that the advice of the minister to the Prince Regent , could only be interpreted in this way ; that where the House said , I will give the money , the minister said , you shall not . rose to call the attention of the House to the subject of Military Flogging . It was a subject which had long and deeply occupied his mind , and he would have brought forward some motion on the subject before , but he had been advised to defer it , as the general feeling of the government appeared to be adverse to this odious , disgraceful and abominable practice , and the clause which had been introduced this session into the Mutiny act , shewed , at least , a disposition to counteract the evil ; and he had been willing to receive it as an earnest of some better plan of military discipline than that which now existed . However , he had received information of the continuance of this practice , and in a service where such an ignominious and cruel punishment could least be justified—in the case of a person compelled to serve in the Local Militia , which obliged him , however reluctantly , to bring before the House some motion , which might lead to a more certain remedy for so great an evil . The circumstances with which he had been made acquainted , by letter , were these : The Liverpool regiment of Local Militia , commanded by colonel Earle , had been marched from that city to Ormskirk , on the 22d of April , and the quality of the bread was a subject of complaint among the men , many of whom had been used to a comfortable mode of living . However , the quality of the next rations of bread was not better , and after some representations on the subject , and the examination of the bread by the colonel , who declared it to be good , the major part of the men consented to take it , but nineteen of them refused , who were confined on the 27th of April . One of them , Thomas Taylor , composed a song , which contained allusions to the bad quality of the bread , ( here the hon . baronet read a part of the song ) copies of which were 321 printed , and the colonel obtained a copy , and then sent to stop the press . No further notice was taken of it until the 2d of May , when the adjutant confined Taylor , who was tried immediately after in the course of the day , and allowed but one hour to prepare his defence , in which three witnesses bore testimony to his good character . He was sentenced to receive 200 lashes , and was marched to