his Majesty 's faithful subjects , they have to lament former failures , and to rejoice at present successes . `` That , in this protracted warfare , much has occurred to instruct ignorance , and chastise presumption , and a great deal to inspire hope , and future confidence . That if something has been done , much remains to be performed , which can never be accomplished without the most stedfast regard and attention to those fixed and immutable military principles , without which exertion must be useless , and courage itself unavailing . '' said , it was not his intention to take up much of the time of the House . He assured the hon . gent . that in what he bad formerly stated respecting the views entertained by his Majesty 's government , he had never designed to undervalue the force and the power of the enemy . It had never been in his contemplation to represent the French army as degraded , but upon comparing it in the state to which it was reduced by recent events , with that degree of estimation in which was before 547 held by its successes , over the powers of Europe , be had meant to say , that its glory and its terrors were diminished . It was lowered in character from that unnatural height which it had previously attained , and was clearly proved to have no claim to the title of invincible . With respect to a system of protracted warfare , he certainly did consider that the maintainance of the contest on the Peninsula , even for another year , would afford a chance which it would be consonant to every sound view of practical policy to adopt . He had never , however , confined himself to the belief that another year was the necessary limit to our exertions in that quarter , and had never intended to urge more than that , if there was any where a peculiar opportunity , and a more favourable prospect than another of resisting the enemy , it was to be found in Spain and Portugal . It was there he conceived it to be the paramount interest of the country to maintain the straggle . With respect to what had been said of the want of feeling displayed by fermenting and keeping alive the war in the Peninsula , in his opinion , no calamity that might be inflicted on that part of the Continent by a protracted warfare , could be equal to the evil of French dominion . Thus much he deemed it necessary to say in explanation of his sentiments formerly expressed . In answer to that part of the hon . gentleman 's speech in which he talked of lord Wellington 's not having been sufficiently reinforced , and of his exertions having been starved , he had it in his power to say , that lord Wellington himself held no such opinion . He would , however , rather see this sentiment prevail in the public mind than the contrary one , that the blood and treasure of the country had been wantonly and extravagantly squandered . The reinforcements sent to lord Wellington arrived sufficiently early to enable him to prosecute all his designs . As to the general and speculative views taken by the hon . gent. , it was easy in the closet to project schemes for the sending 50 or 100,000 men abroad , but the moving and the maintenance of such a body were difficulties not easy to be surmounted in practice ; neither was the real military strength of a state to be fairly judged by its numerical amount . What had been already done by ministers was , an his judgment , enough to procure them credit for a disposition to make every practicable exertion consistent with the object of preventing the country from exhausting 548 itself so as to leave it incapable of maintaining for any length of time the contest on which its best interests depended . However he might concur in the spirit with which the hon . gent