demand the taxation of such a bill as that which I have shewn , there can be no doubt , even if I could not produce the opinion of his Majesty 's Attorney-general to that effect . Yes , the opinion of sir V. Gibbs , and of the Solicitor-general , signed also Charles Robinson , William Battine , T. Jarvis , to all of whom , the memorial which I presented to the Admiralty was referred in April 1809 . `` The expences , '' say these learned gentlemen , `` in this case do not appear to have been brought to the knowledge of the court so as to have given the judge an opportunity of exercising his judgment upon them ; that would be the proper mode of redress for grievances of this description . '' 1020 Thus instructed , I addressed the judge on my return to Malta , in February last soliciting that he would be pleased to , direct my bill to be taxed , to which he returned the following answer , addressed on his Majesty 's service , `` My lord in ; reply to your letter of yesterday 's date , I , beg leave to refer you to your proctor for the information you are desirous of , it not-being the practice of the vice admiralty , court here , any more than the court of King's-bench in England , to enter into private correspondence with suitors on the subject of their suits or of any matters connected with them . Signed , J . Sewell . '' It appeared extraordinary that I should be referred to the person complained of , as judge in his own cause . Still , however , in compliance with Dr. Sewell 's advice , directed my agent to make the application , and the following , as might have been anticipated , was the ingenuous gentleman 's reply . `` Sir , My bill in this case having been delivered to you so long ago as the 8th of August 1808 , and having been paid by you soon after , I was a good deal surprized at your note , received yesterday , informing me that Lord Cochrane wishes to have the said bill taxed , and therefore I beg that you will apprize his lordship that it is a thing quite unprecedented to tax a bill which is paid . I should have supposed that the advice I gave his lordship , not to proceed in this cause , would have exempted me from the suspicion of having made unwarrantable charges . '' Signed , `` John Jackson . `` —As the unwarrantableness of the charges did not rest on suspicion , I wrote to Mr. Jackson myself , who answered , `` I humbly conceive that your lordship is not now entitled to demand a copy of your account , and therefore I beg that you will excuse me from complying with such demand '' I next required him to submit my account for taxation , this he also declined , as follows , `` My lord , in reply to your letter of this day , I have to inform , you that I can not consent to open an account that was closed two years ago , and that is my only objection to my bill , in the cause of the King George , being taxed , which I hope your lordship on reflection will see to be a reasonable objection-I confess that I did not consider the lapse of two years to be any objection at all particularly as I was absent from Malta when the bill was paid , and no earlier opportunity had offered to call for a revision of the charges : for this reason , and forti- 1021 fied with the opinion of the learned gentleman opposite ( sir V. Gibbs ) about a month afterwards , I again addressed Dr. Sewell on the subject , who , so far from `` exercising his judgment , '' on the marshal 's iniquitous bill of costs , did not condescend to take the