other nations we had weathered . Whilst they were ' sinking , overwhelmed by the torrent which had poured down upon them , we had resisted its force , and were enjoying a degree of happiness and prosperity almost unexampled . Such was our situation , and to no circumstance was it more decidedly to be attributed , than to our having steadily determined to preserve the constitution from the daring hand of innovation , and especially to oppose any attempt to violate those principles which were ' wisely established at the Revolution . He trusted , their lordships would not relax from the firmness they had manifested , and from which they had derived advantages that were inestimable . Lord Buckinghamshire said he could not sit down without adverting to a topic which had been introduced into the speech of the noble lord ( Long-ford ) who spoke second in the debate . He alluded to the address of the Catholics to the Prince Regent for the removal of the King 's representative , on account of an alleged interference with the right of petitioning their lordship 's House , although it was perfectly known at the time , that no such interference was intended . Lord Backinghamshire did not mean to question the right of any part of his Majesty 's subjects to address the executive government upon proper occasions ; but there was something in this proceeding extremely questionable , and when he observed the Catholics just at the dawn , as they supposed , of arriving at the attainment of their professed objects , pursuing a course so calculated to excite alarm , he must say that all the apprehensions he had ever entertained of what their conduct would be , if sufficient power was placed in their hands , had been confirmed and strengthened . would confidently appeal to the House , whether the present situation of the country was such as to render it proper to accede to the present application . To that part of the noble marquis 's ( Lansdowne ) speech , he could not but differ , agreeing as he did most cordially in most of the sentiments that night delivered by him . Although he should feel himself bound to vote against the motion on the present occasion , he 673 was convinced that a time would come when the Catholics would ultimately succeed . He could not but lament , however , that the Irish Catholics had not imitated the example of their English brethren in their exemplary and meritorious conduct , who possessing , many of them , rank and wealth , and with every claim to the favour of the House , had yet abstained from pressing any petition similar to that at present on their lordships ' table . If this question were of material importance to the present safety of Ireland , their lordships would not be justified in any delay ; but it would not be believed , he maintained , by the most sanguine advocates for the Catholics , that the immediate effect of the present measure , if acceded to , would be important to that country . The noble earl who opened the debate had detailed the services of the Catholics , and the readiness with which they would make every requisite sacrifice that might be demanded from them . He had no intention to depreciate the services of the Catholic body , but he must observe , that there was much to reprehend in their conduct ; that they had shewn a want of unity and a spirit of dissension among themselves ; and that by their obstinacy , and their desertion of former pledges , their conduct was but little calculated to conciliate those who might be disposed to look with a jealous eye towards them . expressed his satisfaction , that the noble earl who had just sat down had shewn himself a warm and anxious friend to the sentiments expressed in the petition on their table , though he might differ as to the propriety of the present application . He was happy to find that