paper , would operate as a remedy ; for it might be said than an increased emission of it tended , to encourage manufactures , an augmented quantity of manufactures supplied the means of enlarging bur exports , and more extended exports , improved the balance of trade ; and thus an increased issue of paper might be assumed to be the , means of rectifying the ex- 84 change , instead of prejudicing it . This was exactly the course of argument into which the noble lord over the way ( lord Castlereagh ) appeared in one part of his speech to be running . It was an error to which he himself had once inclined , but he had stood corrected after a fuller consideration of the subject . There must obviously be a fallacy in this way of reasoning . It proved too much . It implied , that indefinitely to increase our paper , was the way indefinitely to improve its value in exchange for the circulating medium of other countries , as well as in exchange for bullion and for all commodities . The utmost admission which he was disposed to make was , that in proceeding to limit our paper with a view to the improvement of the exchange , we ought to avoid that severity of pressure by which manufacturing industry might be seriously interrupted According to the same erroneous doctrine , the export of our gold coin in each of those instances of which Sir Isaac Newton and others spoke , was referable to balance of trade , and not to the cause to which they ascribed it . When in the reign of king William , our gold coin went abroad , in consequence , if we were to credit Sir Isaac Newton , of its Having become more valuable than our silver , through a change in the relative value of the two articles , it went to pay a balance of trade ; for it was balance of trade , and balance of trade alone , according to the tenets a question , which caused the precious metals to transfer themselves to other countries . When in a subsequent year , a similar difference between the two kinds of currency occurred , it was in order again to pay a balance of trade that the better coin quitted the kingdom . He would put another case . Suppose a fisherman on our southern coast , to collect a thousand guineas , and exchange them in the channel with some French fisherman for as much French brandy as should be deemed an equivalent , the gold , according to the doctrine in fashion , would have gone to pay the balance of trade . It would have been employed to discharge a previously existing national debt . It was always , according to these tenets , the brandy which forced out the gold , and not at all the gold which forced in the brandy . By the Frenchman 's putting the brandy in to his boat the Englishman was compelled to put the gold in to his . The brandy , always went before the gold always followed after It was one 85 of the peculiar properties of gold that it always served to pay a balance . The truth was , that our paper currency having become less valuable by nearly twenty per cent , than the gold contained in our coin , the coin could no longer circulate interchangeably for it , but went abroad , because there was a profit of nearly twenty per cent , on the transmission . This profit operated as effectually in withdrawing it from circulation , and causing that part of it which was not bought at a high price for manufacturing uses , to be exported , as if an actual bounty of twenty per cent , were given on the export of it ; and as much prevented the importation of gold for the purpose of serving as currency—the only purpose for which large quantities of gold were usually imported as if a tax of twenty per cent ,