that deficiency was supplied , the salaries of the clerks would be diminished ; which he was sure the hon . admiral could not have in his contemplation . The question here was , whether the clerks at the India Board could be got at less expence ; and when it was considered that the four senior clerks had duties to perform , which required an education and attainments beyond 309 ordinary accounting-clerks , he was prepared to say that it was utterly impossible to get effective persons for an inferior salary . It was proposed that the salaries of the senior clerks should not exceed 600l . a year , and those of the inferior ones 400l . a year , and it seemed strange to expect they should perform their various duties for a less consideration . The hon . admiral had directed his remarks against one clause alone of the Bill , but as there were several others which required consideration , he trusted he would not oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair . supported the Bill , and thought , that when the salaries of all other clerks were raised , those belonging to the India Board should not form a solitary exception , and be driven down in society , by being worse off than others in the same rank of life . argued against the injustice shewn by ministers , in bringing forward a measure which was to improve the condition of the clerks in the India House , while they refused to raise the pay of the army , who were deprived of those domestic comforts which the former possessed . The stipend of every clerk was raised , but there had been no increase in the pay of the army since the reign of Charles 2 , with the exception of something to the subalterns of the line and cavalry , which did not amount to more than the property tax . In the face of the House and the country , and in the name of the army , he must appeal against this injustice . never heard a more ill-timed or ill considered speech than that just delivered by the gallant general . It was a most invidious comparison to hold out that the House was unjust to the army and navy , because it paid persons in inferior situations . What would be said to him , if , as a civil man , he acted similarly , if an addition was proposed to the pay of the army , and if he upheld the clerks to the officers of the army , who had much higher and nobler objects in view than mere pecuniary compensation ? Good God ! exclaimed the right hon . baronet , that a general officer should bring forward such a comparison , which was only worthy of some obscure alley in the city ! The question was simply this , whether these persons were to be kept in that rank of life , which others in similar situations held ? He could affirm , that the gentlemen belonging to the Board of Controul , 310 were harder worked , and worse paid , than any other such men in the kingdom . The right hon . gent . had refrained horn any mention of his own situation , which , how-ever , was extremely arduous , and required a much higher recompence than was attached to it , to induce the person who filled it not to give it up , which would be attended with extreme inconvenience . Such was the case , and he retained the most decided opinion as to the expediency of the present Bill . did not object to the increase of the salaries of the clerks ; but he thought there were funds sufficient for that purpose without any additional vote . maintained the expediency of granting to the full extent provided far in the Bill . said he should oppose the Bill . said , that all were agreed as to the propriety of remunerating the clerks , and those who knew most of the