a new purpose . in reply to Mr. Croker , observed , that Mr. Hogarth , the inimitable caricaturist , had ridiculed the extravagant taste for projects , by representing a ponderous 274 machine for drawing a cork out of a bottle . But he never before heard of an . attempt to turn an useful discovery into ridicule , merely on account of its simplicity . The hon . gent . had said , that one of the most ingenious inventions submitted to the Admiralty , was too cumbersome to enable the man who had it on to do any thing else than float . But this plan was not of this description , for a seaman who had it on might do any part of his duty . He then read an extract from a letter of captain Ballantyne , stating , that if he had these jackets on board , much anxiety , as to the safety of his crew , would he removed from his mind . When a boat went on dangerous service the captains would take care that the men were furnished with these jackets . stated his conviction of the utility of the plan ; a conviction founded on experiments made by himself . stated the great merit of the invention to be , that when a sailor had these corks attached to him , he was not encumbered in such a way as to prevent him from doing any duty whatever . After a few words of explanation from Mr. Whitbread and Mr. Croker , the motion : was agreed to , and a Committee appointed accordingly . opposed it on the ground of the impolicy of imposing a tax upon the raw material , especially at a time when : the cotton manufacturers were starving . There was hardly an instance in which a tax had been laid on the raw material . He hoped this tax would not be persevered in , and inquired of the hon . gent . opposite , one of the members for the county of Lancaster , whether any application had been made to him on the subject . observed , that he had made a communication on the subject to his constituents in Lancashire , whose interests were so nearly concerned , and he was anxious that the further proceedings upon it should be postponed for a few days , to give him an opportunity of receiving their sentiments . declared , that if he thought the manufacturers would sustain so serious an injury as that supposed by the hon . baronet , he would be the last man in the House to press the adoption of the measure ; but when it was considered that the duty 275 was only a penny a pound on an article selling at the price at which cotton did , he was persuaded that the apprehensions of the hon . baronet were groundless . Besides , it must be recollected , that the duty was not imposed on all cotton wool imported , but only on that which came from America . opposed the Bill as pregnant with danger and mischief to the country . When gentlemen had screwed up their courage to bring forward the Budget , it was pleasant , no doubt , to be informed that the dreaded new taxes had already been imposed . But there was this inconvenience in departing from the old mode of proposing the taxes , if any new taxes were to be imposed at the time of bringing forward the Budget , that those concerned had not sufficient notice of these Bills . The consequence was , that most pernicious plans of taxation might be carried into effect , while those chiefly interested were ignorant that any such plans were in contemplation . He admitted that taxes had , unfortunately , at times been imposed on raw materials ; but these were comparatively harmless , because the amount was trifling . Here , however , the tax amounted to about 33 per cent . If the state of Europe had not been very much changed , ministers would