suppose that he could buy gold on as favourable terms for Bank notes as for coin ? If he was sure that he could not , how could it be said , that gold and paper were of the same value He did not approve of the form of the amended Resolutions going so particulary upon dates . This semblance of extraordinary correctness was often assumed merely to put the adversary to trouble in detecting the inaccuracies.—He should next make some observations on those Resolutions , as they would affect our foreign trade . Those who had all along opposed the Orders in Council , could not be surprised at seeing the consequences turn out such as they apprehended , but he was really surprised , that those who always supported them should think it advisable to publish such Resolutions to the continent . Did they see no danger in circulating all over the world , that the rigour and violence of the enemy had done the greatest injury to our trade , had kept the rates of exchange always unfavourable , to us , and had produced an apparent depreciation , at least , of our Bank paper ? All this he thought would be much better omitted , especially at the gentlemen on the other side of the ques- 155 tion proposed no remedy for the evils which were acknowledged to exist . He saw great danger in proclaiming to the world , that our enemy had brought us into a situation of unparalleled embarrassments , unless the means of getting out of them were also pointed out . It appeared to him most ridiculous for the House to cell the people what the public estimation was respecting Bank notes , for the public must be at least as good judges of that as the House . The first Resolution was , in substance , that as we could not contrive to make our currency conform to the standard , it was a part of the royal prerogative to make the standard conform to the currency . There was at least this difference between those who agreed with the Report and those who opposed it , that the one proposed some remedy , and the other proposed none . The right . hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) , instead of proposing any remedy , contented himself with stating generally what every body knew before , namely , that it would be advisable that the Bank should resume cash payments as soon as it could conveniently . He , of course , could not wish for such a premature resumption of payments , or so great a limitation of issues as to produce very great inconvenience to the government or to the trade of the country . But although some inconvenience would probably result from any limitation of the issues , yet in the midst of a most expensive war , we must be prepared for some inconveniencies . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Vansittart ) had spoken of a certain madman in Abyssinia ; but it appeared to him that nothing more ridiculous could occur to the mind of any madman in Abyssinia , or out of it , than that great and expensive Wars were to be carried on without any pressure or inconvenience being felt ; and yet this appeared to be the system of ministers . They seemed to think that by the dexterous device of substituting a paper currency for money , the country might be made to carry on the most expensive war without feeling any pressure at all . They , no longer now supported the Bank restriction on the grounds upon which the act was originally brought in , but they seemed now to stand up for it as a system good in itself , and productive of great benefit to the country . The measure was first proposed on absolute necessity , and for the public safety ; it was now supported as a system of advantage to the public Against this new system , and those , doctrines , he must always give