to undertake the control of such matters , and therefore the Bill goes , to appoint Commissioners for that purpose , with such restrictions as might be thought necessary upon further investigation of the subject ; and also to give them the management of their funds , according to the nature of the several grants by which they originally became framed . Opinions were taken of respectable persons who now are . Commissioners of Education , and also of the lord chancellor , and the idea suggested was , to appoint six Commissioners , amongst whom the following were to be selected , namely , the Lord Primate , the archbishop of Dublin , the Lord Chief Justice of the King 's Bench , and the provost of Trinity College , and four to be appointed by the lord lieutenant , in order that there might always be a sufficient number to attend to the duties of the office . Many of the institutions which he had mentioned , were conducted by the most respectable persons , and in a manner highly beneficial to the public ; and it was at first suggested , that several of the schools should be excepted from the control of the Commissioners , particularly the Foundling Hospital , and the , Protestant charter schools . But when the Bill was returned from the Commissioners , it appeared that they had struck out all the excepted cases but one , viz . the schools of Erasmus Smith . It would , however , be for the House to determine whether any or what exceptions should be made . In the Bill , it would be found that an an attempt had been made to embody many of the observations made by the Commissioners in their reports . Among the subjects thus taken up , the most prominent were the Diocesan schools . It appeared that by law there ought to be one diocesan school in every diocese , one-third of the expences of which was to be paid by the ordinary , and the remaining two-thirds by the clergy and from the tithes . Upon inquiry it turned out , however , that there were but ten diocesan schools established in Ireland . It therefore became necessary that some steps should be token upon this subject , and some regulations were therefore intro- 149 duced into the Bill for that purpose . The last report of the Commissioners , which was upon the parish schools , gave a very unfavourable account indeed of them.—By the act of Elizabeth , parish schools Were established in every parish in Ireland , and the clergyman of the parish was bound to keep them . It was a most important fact , that up to this day no clergyman could be inducted into a living in Ireland without taking an oath that he would keep , or cause to be kept , a school in the parish . Instead , however , of keeping the school ; the usual course was for the clergyman to pay forty shillings a year to some person to keep a school , or put the money in his pocket , just as he pleased . When the commissioners called first for the returns from the different parishes , of the number of schools , they received , out of 1120 parishes , 837 reports , by which it appears that at that time there were 361 schools . In 1809 the Commissioners made another application for reports , and it appeared that in 736 benefices there were 549 schools . So far the case was rather better than on the former occasion . In the first instance it was stated , that there were 11,000 children educated , and in the fatter 23,000 ; but it did not appear that these schools were well regulated ; he proposed to put them under the control of Commissioners : but he feared there was no prospect of their being able to effect any great improvement in that most material branch of the whole concern . The Commissioners had only one more report to make ;