through warehouses to be established in each . This was no new 628 machinery which he wished to create . He found it in existence , and wished to apply it to the particular case under consideration . He agreed that it was wrong that the trade in Ireland should go on for home consumption , and for warehousing for exportation at the same time . This , he was aware , could not long be suffered . The permit he should propose should specify not only the quantity , but the strength of the spirit , and if any fraud should be committed in mixing any such spirits , that then it should be forfeited . He then moved three several clauses , declaring , first , that no spirits should be warehoused in Ireland for exportation , unless where the strength was specified ; second , that no spirits should be delivered for exportation , unless where the strength was specified : and thirdly , that distiller '' of spirits in England for exportation to Ireland , do distil their spirits under the same regulations as are provided by the acts of the 28th and 45th of the King . The two first clauses were brought up and agreed to . On the third clause being put , could not conceive oft what principle the House were to agree to such a clause as the present . He could not attribute it to any wish on the part of the right hon . gent . to encourage injustice , but must lay it to the account merely of inadvertency . The right hon . gent . he had no doubt had adopted it as a shadow of reciprocity of rights between this country and Ireland , founded on the act of the 45th of the king , chap . 100 . He wished the House only to attend to this one fact . The Bill in question was to expire three months after the meeting of the next session of parliament , and , by the way in which the clause in question was framed the English distiller could not avail him-self of the privilege allowed him till October in the next year after the passing of the act , and by which time , of course , the act must have expired . By what name was he to call this ! Was it a nullity ? Was it an insult ? Or was it merely an inadvertency on the part of the right hon . gent. ? If he did not agree that it was an inadvertency , then could it be nothing but an insult . The clear import of the clause was this , either that the party intending ; to avail himself of the benefit of the clause must erect new warehouses for the reception of the spirits to be exported , or he could not commence warehousing in his present premises for twelve months . A 629 clause had been proposed to the right hon . gent . which would have removed great part of the objection , namely , to prevent the distillers of Ireland from working for the home trade of Ireland , while they worked for the foreign market , which it was impossible they could do fairly at the same time . In this way it would have been incumbent on the Irish distiller , if he were on a Tuesday working for home consumption , then to stop , and to give notice that on the second day after he should commence working for exportation . This was at present the law in Scotland , and why not so in Ireland , where frauds were more likely to be committed ? That the greatest frauds were at present committed in the distilleries of Ireland , appeared from the statement of the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer himself . The right hon . gent . has been pleased to talk highly of the candour and liberality of the English distillers . They would rather , he could assure his right hon . friend , have a little solid