executed . Is it rational that letters written about the hire of transports , should be referred to medical men—or the allowance of medicines depend on the judgments of those whose habits enable them to perform the 637 office of ship brokers ? If this is not the case , why unite them ? I remember once getting an answer from this board , that although our medicines were expended , we could get no more until the twelve-month expired . But , Sir , to return to the subject . On my second visit to Dart-moor , being again refused admittance , I began to explore the exterior , in the prosecution of which it occurred to me , that the manure of the prison , in a situation so distant from any town , might be an object to some one . On inquiry what became of it ? the answer was , It was carried away by a common sewer . I asked , if it ran streight down the hill from the prison ? And being answered in the negative , I thought it might lead to a discovery , if I followed the stercoraceous duct , which I found led diagonally nearly on a water level , meandering along the sides of the hills . Mark , Sir , I do not ascribe any motives , but it is a strange coincidence of facts , that this prison should , by accident , have been placed on the only spot in Devon , whence the stercoraceous matter of the depot could , by the power of gravity alone , descend on a neighbouring and elevated estate belonging to the Secretary of his royal highness the Prince Regent . ( Mr. Tyrwhitt ) . It is a very extraordinary circumstance , and one , Sir , if it had happened in the island of Walcheren , to an estate of the Secretary of Louis Napoleon , we should have been surprized at . The prison of Dart-moor stands in the most inclement part of all England [ a laugh . ] Yes ; in the most inclement part , I speak not of the feelings of consumptive individuals protected by good houses , and comfortable warm cloathing . But I speak of men ill cloathed , exposed as the French prisoners were , on the top of the highest mountain in Devonshire , involved in perpetual rains and eternal fog . That the prison was not built there on a principle of economy , may be seen , by inspecting the contracts for provisions , coals and necessaries , furnished at Dart-moor and at Plymouth , I think I calculated the difference at more than seven thousand pounds a year , on the provisions alone . It may he very proper , that prisoners should not be collected in great numbers at Plymouth , but I assert , without fear of disinterested contradiction , and without the possibility of the fact being disproved , that Dart-moor depot ought not to have been placed on the top of the highest and most barren 638 range of mountains in Devonshire , where it is involved in constant fog , and deluged with perpetual rain . If the right hon . gent . thinks proper to go more at large into this subject at a future period , and to add to the papers which he has just placed on the table the Reports of medical men and others , relative to the state of the prison at the period alluded to , and the situation in which it is built , I am prepared to meet him even upon that point , which he has imprudently pitched upon as a feature of my inconsistency ; although it will be in the recollection of the House , that the notice I gave was solely , that I should move for papers . I may add to my other reasons for relinquishing my intention , that I received assurances that the situation of the prisoners would be immediately attended to . I shall abstain from remarking on the manner in