; but did it therefore imply any distrust of the power of the House , or any inclination to interfere with that power ? It was only distinctly saying that the assent of the two branches would be more desirable . It was not constitutional to present the Address in the language of command . With respect to the precedents adduced ; 360 why , the proposition that this claim was one of right and justice , and therefore demanded , was saying too much , when the other House had given a distinct and decided opinion on that demand , expressed , as it had been , when the Bill was brought in upon the subject . If gentlemen wished the House of Commons to quarrel with the other House for differing in opinion , was it not competent in the ministers of the Crown to advise the Crown against it ? He did not know any right which the constitution gave to the one House more than the other , of enjoying the luxury of quarrelling . Ministers were bound to prevent it , but the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , wished the Crown to sit quiet , and see fairplay.—He seemed to prefer that to peace and tranquillity . He also considered the question as a mere matter of revenue , connected with the management and collection of it ; but even on that point the other House had decided . Those who preferred the mode of Address to a Bill , might as well contend that taxes should be originated by address . The precedents alluded to , of grants to the duke of Marlborough , the earl of Chatham , and the grant of money for building churches , were ultimately provided for by act of Parliament . The object of the Address might be seen through ; it was preferred , because it would thereby give the go-by to the House of Lords . With respect to the practice adopted concerning loans , the right hon . gent . was not correct . When made , the ministers certainly previously received the sanction of the House of Commons ; the money was lodged in the Bank of England for security , but it was not touched by the government until an act of Parliament had passed for authorizing its being received into the Exchequer . It was not enough for one House to vote any specific sum ; the Parliament collectively must vote it.—The right hon . gent . then alluded to the arguments adduced by gentlemen opposite on former occasions , particularly with respect to the Auditorship of the Exchequer ; to shew that they had contended for the necessity of obtaining the consent of the other branch of the legislature to the regulation of that office.—He submitted that he had endeavoured to shew that there had not been any breach of the constitution , nor any disrespect to the Commons ; that all which was desired was , that the grant should be completed by the sanction of Parliament.—Having made some further observations , he pro- 361 ceded to notice the remarks which had fallen from the hon . colonel ( Mr. Palmer ) , lamenting that it should have fallen to his lot , as a part of his duty , to read any thing which might have hurt the hon . gentleman 's feelings , or revived the recollection of conduct which might lay the claimant open to censure . He defended the conduct pursued by himself , in recommending the inquiry into those claims , which he had done from a motive of not wishing to appear as acting harshly . He concluded with expressing his opinion , that , under all the circumstances , the House would concur in thinking that the advice given was most proper ; and therefore he should object to the motion of the hon . gent . maintained that it had been the right of the House of Commons to issue any sums of money ever since the Revolution . He did not mean to argue the present