whom this circumstance referred . His lordship then observed upon the black malignity which must have actuated the individual who had been referred to in the early part of the debate , as having demanded payment of his rents in gold , or that he would only take Bank notes at a depreciated rate . objected strongly to the term black malignity , contending that the noble lord alluded to might have been actuated by the purest patriotism , in determining to force upon the government the consideration of the situation of the country , to which his Majesty 's ministers seemed determined to shut their eyes . was of opinion that the subject merited the serious attention of the House . He thought , however , in the proceedings on the present occasion , they ought to be guided by circumstances , and not come to any hasty decision as to the Bill . was not prepared to give any opinion as to the expediency of adopting the measure proposed by the noble earl , but he felt called upon to say , that in proposing that measure , the noble earl could be actuated only by a sense of the public good , and that therefore , under all the circumstances of the times , he thought the noble earl entitled to the thanks of that House , and of every well-wisher to the prosperity of the country for having thus brought the subject forward for their lordships ' consideration . It was far from being a question to which he would very readily assent , to make a bank `` note a legal tender . The ordinary objections against it had much weight in his mind , such as that they were liable to be fictitious , & c. & c. ; but in other respects he did not conceive that such a case as that adduced by the noble earl could of itself be sufficient to authorise such an interference of the legislature . The case , however , in itself , called for very serious consideration , though he had , in the good sense and patriotic spirit of the country , a sufficient guarantee that it would not be followed to any extent . Besides , as the law already existed , he thought that the property of the tenantry was sufficiently secured , and it might be unwise to enact new laws on that head until circumstances 768 absolutely called for it . He was not fond of examining into the motives of any man 's conduct , but the conduct of the , noble individual who had been alluded to , he could not exactly ascribe with a noble lord to pure patriotism . If he ordered a coach from his coach-maker , at 100l . and afterwards paid him that 100l . in Banknotes , surely he could not consider it as fair and liberal to require that the same coach-maker , when he had 100l . to pay him for rent , should bring that sum in gold , and not in Bank-notes ? For surely it could not be considered as very fair in any man , that he should pay his own debts in Bank-notes , but that when others had debts to pay him , they should be paid in a different coin from Bank notes , or that he should be indemnified for the difference that might appear to exist between paper and gold at the moment of payment . At best , this was a sort of pure patriotism which he little understood , and was little disposed to imitate . complained that he had been grossly misrepresented by the noble and learned lord . When he said that such a determination might have been resorted to by any individual from motives of pure patriotism , his meaning was , that such an individual might run the risk of incurring odium and unpopularity for having adopted such a resolution , though he might have taken it up merely with a view to make ministers feel the magnitude of the evils , which by a false