48 years , amounted to 3,678 ; for the last 12 years the number was 1,173 : for the six years , from 1802 to 1808 , the number was 963 . It had been asserted , in the course of the debate , that doubts were entertained as to the constructions put upon the Toleration Act . He had given all the attention to this subject which its great importance demanded , and he had then for the first time heard , that any other construction was attempted to be put on this act , but that persons , who were the ministers of separate congregations , had a right to exemptions ; and that a declaration to that effect , signed by the party applying , was sufficient . But it was now said , that doubts had arisen , and that different decisions were given in different counties . He had not heard of any instances of this description ; and he was assured , if they had extended so much as to render the present measure fit and proper , it was impossible but that he and other noble , lords must have been made acquainted with them . If a magistrate in county A. refused an exemption , which was afterwards granted by a magistrate in county B , the right which he assumed thus to act could very speedily be decided by an application to the court of King 's bench for a Mandamus . The person , certainly , who had obtained the exemption , would not be likely to apply for the writ . But those who had thought themselves justified in refusing the application , would , in all probability , be inclined to bring the subject forward . If any inconveniences or evils resulted from doubts on the construction of the Toleration Act , he thought they would be most likely to injure the Dissenters themselves . Yet he had heard of no complaint on the subject proceeding from them ; they did not seek the introduction of any new declaration or provision . Therefore he concluded , that the alledged evils , if they at all existed , could not have gone to any great length . And , if they were called on to act in every case where inconvenience was felt , there were innumerable instances in which it would be necessary for them to enact declaratory laws . In the game laws , he believed , as well as in those relating to other matters , it not unfrequently happened , that some dissimilarity was observable in the decision of magistrates 255 But would any person assert that they were , therefore , to prepare a variety of declaratory laws to remedy the difference of decision . He felt the strongest objection to the Bill . He thought it was most dangerous to interfere with these subjects.—It should never be done , except on grounds of the most grave and weighty description—grounds , which , in the present instance , were not advanced . The measure was inconsistent with religious liberty , and contrary to the provisions of the Toleration act.—It was net , in his opinion , recommended by any one argument ; and , therefore , he thought it useless to send it to a Committee . spoke shortly in reply . He would not be deterred by any thing which had passed , from pursuing that line of conduct which his duty dictated . He understood the exposition of the two acts of Toleration which had been laid down by several noble lords , was that , by the act of William and Mary , a person in holy orders , or pretending holy orders , or a preacher or teacher , was entitled to exemption . While , by the 19th of his majesty , which was intended as a further relief , the applicant must not merely be in holy orders , or pretending holy orders , or a preacher or teacher , but he must be the minister of a separate congregation . Thus , in complying with this act