produce . Many of the papers moved for must be brought from Malta ; and therefore it would be impossible that the investigation could take place this session ; and he hoped the noble lord would , on examination , if he found just ground , persevere in his motion , as it was certainly highly proper for the dignity of the House and the doe management of the affairs of the country , that a remedy should be applied to those evils , if they existed . ( King 's Advocate . ) while he admitted with the first Lord of the Admiralty , that the cafe as it stood at present , called for inquiry , thought proper at the same time to state , in the absence 468 of his learned friend ( sir W. Scott ) that he had no controul over the Vice-Admiralty Court of Malta in matters of prize . The Appeal laid to the King in Council , and his learned friend was not in the smallest degree responsible . If the abuses charged by the noble lord existed , they ought to be corrected ; but his doubt was as to the means . His Majesty in council had authority to correct abuses as to fees , & c. ; but no application , as far as he knew , had been made in that quarter . It was the fashion now to come to parliament in such cases . As to the character of the judge of the Prize Court at Malta , he not having been in the habit of corresponding with him , could not undertake to speak positively to that point . Having practised with him for some time at the same bar , he had every reason to believe that he was a man of talent and integrity , and the noble lord knew that he was not wanting in spirit to execute what he thought right . He was absent , and he was a Judge—and no prejudices ought to be admitted against him till he had an opportunity of being heard in his defence . He hoped the noble lord was under a misapprehension . The regulation of the fees had been probably left to the judge , because he himself could hardly have any interest in augmenting them . They could hardly fall below 2,000l . to which sum only he was entitled out of them . From the failure of the noble lord in substantiating charges made by him on former occasions , it might be fairly inferred that accusations preferred by him might possibly turn out to be unfounded . said , he should have made no observation on the subject , after having seconded the motion , but from what had fallen from the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , that his noble colleague had not substantiated the charges he formerly brought forward . The reason of this was obvious ; the noble lord had never had an opportunity given him to substantiate his charges . He had pledged himself to prove them at the bar of the House , but his motion for a committee was negatived . said , that when abuses in the Vice-Admiralty Courts abroad were detected , measures were always taken to rectify them , and proceedings were at present pending against three of those courts . But he defied the noble lord to point cut any impropriety in the Admiralty Courts at home . After the minutest 469 investigation , he could not find a single ground of complaint against the officers of that Court . The proctor for the navy was remarkable for his attention and integrity , and his charges were more moderate than those of any other proctor . The interests of the officers of the navy were as well attended to as those of any individual . The noble lord had failed in two charges on former occasions . He had brought charges against the Admiralty Court , and against the government for the treatment of the prisoners of war . Both were utterly unfounded .