the application of the invention to the crews of boats going off from ships to shore or returning in stormy weather , would be exceedingly useful , and on all dangerous services of the same nature , especially as the use of the invention can not materially impede the action of the limbs either in rowing , walking , or making any necessary exertion on the beach , and the Committee have no doubt that in many dreadful disasters which have happened , such as fire or foundering of ships at sea , when in company with other vessels ( as in the instances of the Prince George , admiral Brodrick 's ship , in the seven years war , and the Queen Charlotte , not many years since in the Mediterranean ) , if a quantity of the Seaman 's Friend , invented by Mr. Mallison , had been on board , many valu- 431 able lives would have been saved . 3 . That the invention of Mr. Mallison is well deserving of public attention . '' moved , to refer the Petitions of the weavers of Lancashire ( see p. 339 ) to the consideration of a Select Committee , He expatiated on the hardships to which the Petitioners were subject , and on the policy as well as humanity of endeavouring to afford them relief . From all the information which he had been able to collect , this numerous class of individuals was in a most deplorable situation ; and such was their poverty , that they were compelled to bring up their children in complete ignorance , from their inability to afford them education . supported the motion . said , it was impossible not to feel the greatest disposition to give to the request of the Petitioners every attention which could be conducive to their relief ; but , after the most deliberate consideration of the case , he apprehended that it was impossible to hold out to them any expectation of a favourable nature , without exposing them to the certainty of disappointment . He had seen several persons intimately connected with the Petitioners , who had made strong representations to him with regard to the distresses which they experienced ; but he found that the remedy , at which they aimed , consisted of regulations in the trade that could not be acceded to , without the production of the greatest inconveniences . They wished for regulations respecting the persons to be admitted into their trade ; for regulations respecting the number of apprentices to be allowed ; and , in short , for such restraints , as , however they might tend to their immediate relief , must ultimately prove extremely injurious , both to the individual in question and to the trade of the country at large . For himself , he could see no advantage in referring the subject to the consideration of a Committee , as he was persuaded that such a step would merely cherish a fallacious expectation in the minds of those who were concerned . At the same time , if there were any gentlemen who took a different view of the subject , and who could present to the House a probable prospect that the appointment of a Com- 432 mittee might lead to any thing advantageous to the Petitioners in their present distressed state , he should be very sorry to oppose the motion . If , therefore , any gentleman could point out to the House a reasonable ground for supposing that ; a different result might be expected on an investigation of the subject , from that which had followed a similar inquiry at two or three former periods , he entreated the House to listen to such a statement , and if they thought it well founded , to adopt the motion of the bon gentleman . If , on the other hand , no probable ground could be made out for the expectation of a favourable result to the inquiry of a Committee , he would ask , Where would be the advantage ( except that of an