convenient place , with the permission of their officers , and some one among them selected to read the form of prayer indicated in the manual . The general injunctions introduced in this little tract , as applying to the duties of allegiance , as well as social conduct towards those of a different communion , and particularly the explanation of the doctrines and practice 459 of confession and absolution , are points certainly worthy of reference , especially as they are continually misrepresented , and most injuriously to the general interests of the state . , for the purpose of moving a corresponding Address to his royal highness on the occasion : He deemed it unnecessary to occupy their lordship 's time , by offering any preliminary observations , as under the known circumstances of the times , the expediency , the necessity , and the policy of the measure proposed by the Message , were too evident to be dwelt on . He should , therefore , reserve himself for any objection that might possibly be offered . He would , however , state the sum proposed , or to be proposed in another place , as the extent of the Vote of Credit , namely , three millions for England , and two hundred thousand pounds for the service of Ireland . He repeated , that under such circumstances as the present , no rational objection could be made to the placing , for the purposes mentioned in his royal highness 's Message , at the disposal of his Majesty 's government , the sum alluded to , to be expended by ministers , on their responsibility , as the exigencies of the case might require . His lordship then moved an Address corresponding with his royal highness 's Message , and assuring him of the ready concurrence of their lordships as desired.—On the question being put , rose not to oppose the motion , but for the purpose of adverting to a very important consideration connected with the subject . He had always been of opinion , that it was only in the peninsula , that the French were to be attacked with any prospect of success . From the successes hitherto , he was induced to hope the contest would terminate in our favour . He wished , however , to be informed by the noble secretary of state , whether it was the intention of government to adopt measures for the embodying 460 and duly disciplining a sufficient number of the Spanish troops , without which , the French could not be resisted with success , or effectual co-operation afforded He deemed this a point of the highest importance , under the present circumstances , and a satisfactory answer on the subject would relieve his mind from a great deal of anxiety , observed , that their lordships must feel the question to involve a point of considerable delicacy . He could , however , answer generally , that it was an object his Majesty 's government had never lost sight of , and such steps as they deemed expedient had been taken on the subject ; but he could not speak more explicitly , until such arrangements should be completed as might be regularly laid before the parliament . He would say thus much , both with respect to the description of troops alluded to by the noble earl , and of the officers who commanded them , that they were greatly advanced in point of discipline and general improvement within the last three months . And of this the occurrences at the late glorious action at Albuera , had afforded manifest proofs , by the gallantry , skill , and valour , displayed by that portion of the allied forces—forming a most rational ground for confidence , that in due time those troops would answer every possible expectation . rose in pursuance of the notice which he had given last night , to move for the rescinding of the motion for the production of papers relative to the colony of Sierra Leone , which had been made by an hon . gent