the increased immorality to the reduction of the duty on spirits , if spirits were not lower now than in 1807 . It was much more natural to ascribe it to the great reduction of the price which took place on the prohibition to distil being removed . With respect to the hospitals , he had been informed that in consequence of several important improvements which had been made in them , the aversion of the people to them had been in a great measure removed , and the patients consequently increased . thought that no revenue consideration ought to interfere with the morals of the people . It was certainly the prevailing opinion in Ireland , that the low duties on spirits had occasioned the late increase of drunkenness . Spirits ought to be discouraged , and malt liquor encouraged , and the people of Ireland were beginning to habituate themselves to the latter . There was a time perhaps when spirits might be more suitable to the people of Ireland than malt liquor , but now , when they were better clothed , lodged and fed , they did not require spirits to warm them . rose and spoke to the following effect : Sir ; In pursuance of a notice I gave some days ago , I beg to call the attention of the House to the Petition of the Proprietors of Newspapers in Ireland . [ See vol . 19 , p . 1012 . ] The object of that Petition is to solicit the repeal of the additional duty upon Advertisements laid upon them in the course of the last session ; and I particularly request the attention of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Foster ) and the indulgence of the House , while I state a few but strong facts upon which the Petitioners claim is founded . The tax complained of went at once to affect all Advertisements in proportion to their extent , and the result of a year 's experience has proved beyond contradiction , that this tax is not only oppressive to the Pe- 182 titioners , but unproductive to the state , and therefore the complaints urged against it resolve themselves into these two strong objections.—The additional duty commenced the 16th of July last , and the produce of the tax on Newspapers for three months previous to the laying on of the duty was increased to 4,159l . 15s . and the produce of it for three months subsequent to the increase , was 4,930l . being an apparent increase of 770l . but that increase is accounted for by the subsequent establishment of two new daily papers , and a weekly paper , and the amount of the duty upon these papers was 1,000l . 16s . 1d . ; if therefore this sum paid by the newly established papers be deducted , it will leave only a sum of 3,930l . ; and this is a convincing proof the tax has been unproductive , as it appears that for three months before the duty was doubled , the sum paid was absolutely more by about 130l . than it was for the three months after the increase had taken place , deducting the amount paid by the newly set up papers I have already mentioned . Besides this , Mr. Speaker , there is no inconsiderable amount to be deducted for duty on government Proclamations , the charge upon which produces no additional duty to the revenue , and it was from these chiefly that the duty on the newspapers was derived . With regard to the oppression of the tax , the right hon . gent . stated when he introduced the measure , that his object was to make the duty upon advertisements in Ireland amount to two-thirds of the duty in England ; but how much more oppressive it has been there than such a ratio would warrant must be evident , when I stale that for every advertisement exceeding ten lines , the Irish duty exceeds the English in a progressive increase , so that the Irish law