views ? For the moment we are taking up strong positions on the frontiers , where , at immense loss , we have repulsed the enemy , but the intention , the avowed plan , is to fall back to our position , when the enemy shall have strength to advance in force , and to re-occupy our lines in the neighbourhood of Lisbon , which require 70,000 men to defend . But should our losses continue in the proportion that they have been since the opening of this campaign , and our supplies be as slowly and sparingly furnished as they have been since the commencement of the peninsular war , the result can not be problematical , but failure the most complete inevitable . One can not hear with patience , after all our boasted facilities and maritime advantages , and the great difficulties under which the enemy carries on his operations in the peninsula , that at this moment , while we possess a numerous useless cavalry , at home , which we could ( as it were in a moment ) transport to the opposite shores , we are greatly out-numbered even in that arm . One can not silently hear the merit of such an enemy decried , after his having overcome all these obstacles , and recently performed some of the most difficult and gallant military achievements , such as the retreat from Santarem , the evacuation of Almeida , with the destruction of that fortress and the preservation of its garrison : and the undaunted heroism displayed in the late sanguinary battle , where on the heights of Albuera , the troops of the two most warlike nations of the earth never more distinguished themselves , though victory declared in favour of Britain . The hon . gentleman concluded with moving the following Resolution : `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to assure his royal highness of the unfeigned attachment of this House to his person and government , and their undiminished confidence in his wisdom , vigour and perseverance ; the display and exercise of which qualities in the administration of the affairs of this empire can alone , under the blessing of Providence , bring the arduous contest in which they are engaged , to an happy and glorious termination . `` That , called upon as this House has been , to impose many and grievous burdens on a loyal , patient , and affectionate people , they should , nevertheless , fail in their duty towards themselves , his royal 546 highness , and their country , if they did not declare their firm conviction , that it is by additional sacrifices alone , and superadded vigour , they can ever hope to bring this war to a safe and honourable conclusion , a war , unexampled in its extent and duration , in which they contend not for glory , empire , and dominion , but for existence . `` If their efforts have been great , they must be still greater ; if their sacrifices have been many , they must be still more numerous . They can not but recoliect , that they arm for the independence of man against embattled Europe , awed by the assumed authority , and subdued by the power of one relentless mind , whose policy , whose ? ambition , whose hope , is the destruction of this country , and all it '' proud establishments . `` That , anxious as they are to obtain a durable , a safe , and honourable peace , they can see no means of obtaining this inestimable good , but in the vigorous prosecution of the war , in a strict economy of all the remaining resources , in an indissoluble union , by one common interest , of every class of his Majesty 's subjects , and in military efforts proportionate to the danger , and limited alone by the extent and powers of exertion , which are to be found in this empire . `` That , in common with all