, one that ought not to be adopted . It would put the officers at the mercy of the 201 men ; for , according as the men determined in that country so must the officers . This Went to affect the first principle of subordination . Another objection was , that if one pan of a regiment volunteered , and the other did not , there would be two distinct services ; the evils of which were obvious . He further objected to the measure upon a constitutional ground . The Militia was a species of military force , that might be said to be independent of the crown : it was a force independent of the Standing Army . Besides it might deprive the service of the talents the ablest of the Militia officers ; and without meaning any thing invidious , it could not be forgotten that it was a different thing to an English country gentleman to go over to Ireland , and to an Irish country gentleman to come over here with his regiment , where he must have come at ail events to attend his parliamentary duties.—He like-wise objected to the measure , because it would destroy the means now resorted to of recruiting the regular army . The Militia had of late years been a kind of preparation for the regular service . The effect of the proposed interchange would , however , he , to render necessary a higher bounty to recruits for the militia , as the nature of their service was to be extended . A great burden would also be imposed on the counties by the necessity of providing for the wives and families of those Militia men , who left their respective islands . It was a bad return for the sacrifices which the Militia officers had always been so ready to make , to propose a measure of such an injurious nature . defended the Bill from the imputation of a breach of faith . That tie Militia was a constitutional force which ought to be revered , and to the feelings of which the greatest attention ought to be paid , he was most willing to admit ; but he denied that it was independent of the crown , or that any officers of the Militia could be appointed without having the royal approbation . He denied also that the proposed measure would have the effect of disuniting the officers and the men . They were both put on the same footing . He did not believe that many Militia officers would be induced to quit the service in consequence of the proposed interchange ; but he was prepared to say , that much as he should lament such an occurrence , it was a sacrifice which he for one would rather make , than abandon a measure which he was satisfied was 202 pregnant with the most important advantages to the empire . in explanation of his statement respecting the independence of the Militia of the crown , said , that what he meant was , that the Militia was not officered by the crown . His Majesty had only the power of approval . supported the Bill . He did not See how it would add to the power of the crown , except indeed , by making the army more formidable to the enemy . As for the recruiting for the regular army , the measure would much facilitate it ; for men who had already passed over a sea , would be more likely than others to offer themselves for general service . strenuously opposed the Bill . If the Militia officers were told at once , `` We have no further occasion for your services , and we dismiss you , '' they would have nothing to complain of ; but they had a right to complain , when they were put in a situation which compelled them either to quit the service , or very probably to expose themselves to the resentment of the crown , for not carrying the projected measure into effect . asked whether any clause was