servants ; this gentleman was charged with having been engaged in commercial transactions while he was governor of the Molucca Islands , contrary to the rules and regulations of the Company . He had also before been dismissed for lending money 697 to the native princes at the usurious interest of 36 per cent . said the petitioner had been repeatedly accused and convicted of offences against the rules and regulations of the Company . said he understood that during the 14 months the petitioner was governor of the Moluccas , he had reduced the Company 's expences 1,140,000 dollars , and he was now in a starving state.—The Petition was ordered to lie on the table . , from the Transport Board , presented at the bar several papers relative to the prisoners in Dartmoor Prison . said these papers were presented in consequence of a noble lord ( Cochrane ) who he was sorry not to see then in his place , having asserted , that the prisoners confined in that prison , had died thirty and forty in a week . The fact was quite otherwise , for at no time but one , which was about two years ago , had there been any extraordinary mortality among the prisoners . That one time was in consequence of some French prisoners being sent there , who had been landed from the West Indies , and who brought over with them an infectious disorder , which was however by skilful medical practice subdued in about a fortnight , and the prisoners had ever since been remarkably healthy . It had been also asserted that there was a great deal of filth and dirt in the prison , but the reverse was the case ; and there was a stream ran through the prison of as pure water as any in England . explained some misconceptions with regard to himself that seemed to have gone abroad . He stated that the soil from the prison in question was carried off through his lands at his own expence . as the subject had been mentioned , hoped the House would come to some resolution expressive of their approbation of the conduct of the managers of that prison towards the French prisoners in custody there . Of 20,000 prisoners there were at this moment only 300 sick—a circumstance which merited attention and public thanks . was afraid it might be irregular to do any thing at present more than to order the return to be laid on the table , and to be printed . could not believe that his noble friend , who was not now present , would have said what he did without some ground . bore testimony both to the disinterested conduct of his hon . friend , the member for Plymouth , and also to the precautions used by the managers of the prison to get rid of the infection , declaring it to be his decided opinion that there was no blame attached to any person connected with the prison . The Papers were then ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . rose to make the motion of which he had given notice , respecting corporal punishments in the army . He said , the `` abject had for several years weighed and pressed upon his mind , and he at length had determined to bring it before the attention of the House ; but having , from time to time , heard from several gentlemen , high in the army , that government had an intention to abolish the infamous practice of Flogging , he had been induced to withhold from making any motion , wishing rather that the measure should voluntarily flow from them , than that it should be adopted in consequence of the interference of that House . It had been said at the time of passing the Mutiny act , that a clause would be introduced , which would have the effect of abolishing this scandalous punishment by degrees ; but having found from the clause in the Local Militia act that that was not