complaints had been preferred . As to the anonymous cases which bad been mentioned , if the hon . and learned gent , chose to keep the names of his informant and of the persons accused secret , yet if he would only stale the name of the ship from which the man jumped overboard , the Admiralty would institute a minute inquiry into the circumstances of the case . For a long series of yearns no accusation , not even an anonymous one , had been passed over by the Admiralty without investigation . As to the old practice of sending convicts on board men of war , the Admiralty had for several years opposed it with the utmost determination . in reply , declared that be bad not heard a single argument against the production , of the Minutes of Evidence . There were two parties whom 1034 their production might affect—not the officer , for he agreed entirely with his right hon . and learned friend , that it would be impossible again , to try him—but the court martial and the Admiralty , by whom the trial by court martial was ordered . in explanation of his former statement observed , that the trial had been ordered by the admiral on the station , not by the Admiralty . resumed , and contended , that the individual in question ought to have been tried , not by a court martial , but by the Admiralty 's jurisdiction . If there was one species of jurisdiction , to the proceedings of which greater publicity ought to be given than to any other , it was that of courts-martial . As to mentioning the names of those from whom he received his information , he should be very cautious on that head . He did not mean to say that the board of Admiralty-would distinctly visit their resentment on such individuals . They would not for instance put them at the bottom of the list . They would not set a black mark against them in the Admiralty books , but they would set a black mark against them in their own minds . They would be biassed to their future prejudice . This he said without reference to any particular set of men , for he should have the same apprehension were his own political friends in office . He cordially closed , however , with the proposition of the right hon . secretary of the Admiralty , to state to him the name of the ship in which the transaction that be had described happened . He would obtain as soon as possible the name of the man , and some approximation at least to the date of the occurrence , for the purpose of communicating the whole to the right hon . gentleman . observed , that the hon . and learned gent , must entertain a strange notion of the effects of office , if he conceived that against the name of a person who gave information of a foul murder , gentlemen in office would set a black mark in their minds , and that they would be indisposed from that period to do any thing kind of fair by such an individual , so strongly was the hon . and learned gent impressed with this notion , that he thought even his own friends , were they in power , would be influenced by considerations of ' that nature . The observation would be unfortunate for the hon . and learned gent. , if at any future time he should himself get into office , as 1035 it might be supposed to proceed from a conviction of what would be his own feelings under similar circumstances . It appeared to him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) that no grounds whatever had been laid for the production of the minutes of evidence . The hon . gent complained of the officer alluded to having been tried by a court martial instead of an Admiralty court . Now , the act of Parliament expressly declared , that any one accused of having