of serious suspicion and alarm . I now come to the main Resolution of all , the third . This it is that contains the sum and substance of all the right hon . gentleman 's arguments and doctrines ; and to which I can not believe it possible , until the vote shall actually have passed , that any assembly of reasonable men can be persuaded to give their concurrence . The Resolution is as follows : 3 . That the promissory notes of the said Company have hitherto been , and are at this time , held in public estimation to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , and generally accepted as such in all pecuniary transactions to which such coin is legally applicable . '' The right hon . gent , in stating what he considered to be the effect of this Resolution , made use of an expression which does indeed most truly describe its character , and the character of that assent which he reckons upon obtaining to it . By this Resolution , said the right hon . gent , we `` pledge ourselves to believe the equivalency of Bank notes to coin . `` —Pledge ourselves to believe ! This is perhaps more than any man ever before avowed of himself ; but certainly more than any man ever openly declared his intention to exact from others . Belief is not usually matter of volition ; therefore one should think , it can not reasonably be made matter of undertaking and engagement . Of all martyrs of whatever faith , I have always conceived the just praise to be , that they adhered stedfastly to a belief founded on sincere conviction ; not that they anticipated that conviction by pledging themselves beforehand what their belief should be . The right hon . gentleman 's martyrdom is of a superior description ; it not only professes its faith , but creates it ; and , to say the truth , it does require a faith , rather of the will than of the understanding , to believe the doctrine which the right hon . gent , has promulgated in his third Resolution . The right hon . gent , however , has not done full justice to his own Resolution . The pledge which it contains goes much farther than he describes . It is not we , the resolvers , that are pledged by it to the creed of the right hon . gent . : It pledges all mankind , except ourselves . It is so contrived that even I might consistently vote for it , denying as I do every syllable of the doctrine which it contains . Whatever other merit the Resolution may want , 107 this is at least ingenious , and I think I may venture to say it is altogether new in parliamentary proceeding . The object of the right hon . gent , is to settle the public mind on a question on which there is great division of opinion.—There are various modes on which the public mind may be settled in matters depending on positive authority . The first is , proclamation by the King , where the subject matter is one to which the royal prerogative is of itself competent ; and such the right hon . gent , contends this matter to be . A second mode is by act of parliament , in which the united wisdom of the two branches of the legislature is sanctioned by the authority of the crown . A third mode is by concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Parliament , declaring their joint opinion . A fourth mode is , by resolution of one or other House of Parliament , declaring its opinion alone . But to these four recognised modes , it remained for the ingenuity of the right hon . gent , to add a fifth ; that of a resolution of the House of Commons , declaring not its own opinion , but that of the litigants themselves . Are Bank notes equivalent to the legal standard coin of