to two cases , one in 1800 , and an antecedent one in 1797 , when this description of votes had been rejected . said he would not vote on this question after what had fallen from the Speaker , but expressed a wish that the point should be clearly decided . observed , that such a principle might be extended to any length , and quoted the instances of questions connected with the public funds , the encouragement of corn , & c. Those who had an interest in opposing , by the same rule , ought to be excluded . thought there was no danger to be apprehended on that head . No question could arise on the validity of any * N.B . The passages omitted when the Amendments were moved by Mr. Horner , on the Report of the Resolutions , on the 15th of May , are printed in italics , and the words then inserted are printed be tween brackets . 177 member 's vote , except upon a particular challenge , of the justice of which the House must finally determine . The rule laid down by the Speaker had been applied , in 1797 , with respect to the Loyalty Loan : he had himself then been challenged , and justified by disclaiming the possession of any personal interest . assured the hon . member ( Mr. P. Carew ) that if he should vote on the question , he would challenge his vote . moved , That the Petition from the Irish Brewers , praying that the Duty of 2s . 6d . upon Spirits be restored to the former rate of 5s . 8d . per gallon , be referred to the Committee of the whole House . He read extracts from several papers , to prove the growing dissoluteness in the manners of the lower orders , in consequence of the cheapness of ardent spirits . He contended also that the tax had failed in point of revenue . ( of Dublin ) seconded the motion , he said that of the existence of the evils complained of by the Petitioners there could be no reasonable doubt , and when they considered what must be the inevitable consequences of not timely remedying those evils , and also how fatal their longer continuance must be to a trade of such weight and extent as that of the Brewers , it really appeared to him as if the present question was in effect , whether it was for the interests of Ireland that the Breweries in that country should be allowed by the legislature to exist at all ? It ought surely to be a principle in the imposing of taxes , that as for as it could possibly be done , we should a oid injuring the morals of the people . Indeed , in his view of the question , he thought that morals should never be sacrificed to revenue . Since the great reduction of the duties on spirits distilled in Ireland , he believed there was no gentleman who had been for any time in that country since that period , who must not have been sensibly struck with the rapid and lamented change in the general habits and morals of the lower orders of the people . He spoke from his knowledge , when he said that that change had been felt among the lower orders of the city of Dublin , to an extent 178 that would of itself be sufficient to awaken the attention of parliament to this very important question . And here he could not help saying , that even if the reduction of this tax had had no injurious effect upon the revenue , still we should pause before we made the vices and dissolute habits of the people a source of public revenue . But to try it upon its own ground , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) said , that he reduced the duty in order to suppress illicitdistillation . ( Hear ! from Mr . Foster . ) He put it to the