to lose sight of his declared opinions , but always measure his actions with a reference to them : seeing no chance of a change of system , and holding that the depreciation of notes would go on most rapidly , he had , as it were in despair , endeavoured to arrest them in that course . shortly replied . He did 1012 not think any apology required for any thing he had said with respect to lord Arden . He had found him at the head of the the of stockholders , interested to the amount of 200,000l . and a strong advocate for the preservation of his fees . Under these circumstances he had reminded his right hon . brother , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that , before he called lord King a Jew , he should look at the conduct of his noble relative , between which and that of lord King there was a perfect similarity . He insisted that there was a similarity , and confessed that when ha made this discovery , he was very glad to find it applied to the right hon . gentleman 's brother . The right hon . gentleman had said , he did not know whether he spoke ironically or no , but that it was of little consequence . To this he could only say , that he did not undertake a competition in jokes with the Chancellor of the Exchequer . With respect to his motion , he still adhered to the opinions he had delivered . before putting the question , observed , that , after a debate of this kind , it might be expected by the House , that he should give an opinion upon the subject . The question was of a mixed nature , involving law and fact . On the former only would it be becoming for him , or , perhaps , would the House permit him to speak . The rule was very plain . If they opened their Journals , they would find it established 200 years ago , and then spoken of as an ancient practice , that a personal interest in a question disqualified a member from voting . But this interest , it should be further understood , must be a direct pecuniary interest , and separately belonging to the persons whose votes were questioned , and not in common with the rest of his Majesty 's subjects , or on a matter of state policy . So it was , that on a canal bill , a person whose name was down as a subscriber , could not vote . On the ; same principle , the question raised on the Loyalty Loan was rightly decided ; for that was neither more nor less than to give a certain pecuniary remuneration to persons who had sustained a loss . It was equally clear , that the House had done well on questions of taxation or colonial policy , which were held not to disqualify any votes . Such was the law on the subject . How far the fact applied to the present case it was for the House to decide . took the opportunity of directing their attention to a matter connected with this subject . He alluded to the new three shilling tokens , issued by the Bank . He thought it wise to have a metallic small change ; but considering the character , honour , and prosperity of a country to be most intimately connected with the arts , he could not help reprobating , in the strongest terms , the paltry , wretched , and clumsy manner in which these coins were executed . The French coinage was , at this moment , infinitely superior to ours ; and in the world there was nothing so bad as these tokens , with the exception of the king of Sardinia 's coinage . He expressed his hope that this subject would , hereafter , be attended to , and the country not be disgraced by such slovenly impressions of the King 's head on the current