the cause shall be tried before the judge of the assize , as is probable , a final decision will not be had before the month of May . This will equally be the result of an action on the case , and therefore no power of deferring , a decision is granted to the tenant by this Bill , which he did not actually enjoy by the law of the land . With a view to delay , with a view to the purposes for which this Bill has been chiefly approved , it is altogether unnecessary . But I am reminded by the looks of my hon . friends , that this act has a far more important operation , and that , by the words in the Bill '' or other person liable to such distress , '' it is intended to exempt bankers and other persons , who have issued one and two pound notes , under the 37th of the king , c. 32 , from the compulsive obligation to pay in money , contained in that law . I can not believe this act will be so construed . 1042 By the act of the 15th George 3 , the legislature , with a view to prevent a paper currency from intermixing in all the re tail transactions of life , had inhibited the circulation of Bank-notes under five pounds . Its wisdom was praised by eminent political writers at the time , and be came manifest upon experience . Upon the stoppage of the Bank , it was , how ever , repealed , and private bankers obtain ed the advantage of circulating one and two pound notes . But the same law pro vided against excess and consequent depreciation , by giving to every holder of such notes the power to demand payment in money ; and , in case of refusal for a period of seven days , any magistrate is empowered to levy the amount , by distress and sale of the goods of the party . We foresaw the possibility of excess and con sequent depreciation , and did take security against it , by putting it in the power of every holder of such notes to compel a payment in money , by this summary process , as often as he felt the mischievous consequences of a redundant circulation . Upon what principle is it that private bankers are , in this insidious mariner , now to be relieved from their own obligation ? Were they ignorant of the nature of the responsibility they incurred , when they issued their notes ? Was the fulfilment of their obligation in any degree dependant on the resumption of cash payments ? Was it not incurred when cash payments at the Bank had ceased , and when they knew that cash for the fulfilment of their con tracts must be obtained from other quarters ? Having accepted this benefit , with the burthen annexed , will the House absolve them from their engagements after a period of fourteen years ; after the enjoyment of a privilege so beneficial as to have increased the number of bankers from 275 to 770 ? Even if a demand for gold compelled them to fulfil their engagements on the terms specified by lord King ; if they were subjected to a loss of seventeen per cent . on each guinea ; is it unfair or unjust , or is it more than the advantages they have already derived from the beneficial traffic in which they have been engaged ? It is most remarkable , that , throughout the discussion of the Bill in another place , this intention was never avowed , and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in the speech by which he first recommended it to the favour of the House , never touched on this point . They who introduced this 1043 clause in another place , could not be ignorant of its operation ; and if they actually meant to effect so important a change , under cover of protection to the tenant , they were not only guilty