make Bank-notes a legal tender he had a decided objection , from the impossibility , in transactions between individuals , of knowing whether they were forged or not . A man , after accepting a Bank-note for a debt , might ; on taking it to the Bank , be told that it was forged—they would keep the note , and he would get nothing for his debt . The security of the public creditor was , that he was certain the Bank notes he received were not forged , because he received them at the Bank of England . 983 Under the system he proposed , a similar security would exist , as every person wanting to make a tender must deposit his Bank notes at one of the branches of the Bank , where it would be immediately discovered whether they were forged or not , and where he would have credit given him for the sum deposited , which entry of credit he might transfer to another , and which might be safely made a legal tender because there would be no possibility of forgery . These Bank entries might , he contended , be rendered a circulating medium fit for every purpose for which a circulating medium could be required , would be secure from all risk and danger of loss from invasion , insurrection , robbery , or accident , and the system might be carried into effect with the greatest facility . His lordship read a letter he had received , to shew , that a similar system was already practised by a country banker , and concluded by moving that the Resolutions be printed . did not wish to enter now into the discussion of the subject adverted to by the noble earl , but would only generally observe , that he had always considered it a safer and a better course to derive principles from experience , than to lay down speculative principles to act upon , and to try whether those principles would operate to produce the good expected from them . With respect to this second child offered by the noble earl for adoption , he should merely now say that he did not object to the printing of the Resolutions , but at the same time he wished expressly to guard himself from the supposition that he there by approved of them . He assented to the printing of them as a matter of convenience , that they might be better understood by their lordships ; wishing it , however , to be distinctly understood , that he did not by that vote mean to express any opinion upon the subject matter of the Resolutions . said it was highly satisfactory to him to hear the noble earl on the other side decline to adopt this second child of his noble friend , but he still thought that to vote the printing of these Resolutions would be giving a sanction to them which the House ought to pause long before they agreed to . He could not but consider some parts of his noble friend 's speech as inflammatory and mischievous , although undoubtedly not intended to be so . When his noble friend talked of calling a meeting in Westminster , 984 and putting a question , whether they would have dear or cheap bread , what would it be but raising a clamour upon a subject which those who were called upon to decide did not understand ? When men 's minds were agitated as they now were by this subject , he could not think that his noble friend 's Resolutions , or his speech were calculated to do any good . He had heard , with feelings of pain and regret , those parts of his noble friend 's speech , in which he had so strongly urged the absurdity of having gold as a circulating medium , recollecting that the very same arguments were used in Paris , at the time of the Revolution , when gold was equally said to be unnecessary , and when it was said , `` Let the dirt