motive which had really actuated him ; while another noble lord had declared that he never could learn from . Mr. Pitt what were the grounds and securities which he had proposed to himself as the best means for preserving the established Church from all danger . What inference did the noble and learned lord draw from this ? —With respect to that part of the question respecting the Veto , he should only say that that question might be in itself a sufficient warning to others , not to be too ready to submit plans upon the subject before they had gone into the Committee ; as to what had been said , with regard to the claims of the English Catholics not having been repeated this year , he had to acquaint the House , that it had been left by that respected body to his discretion , to determine whether their Petition should be presented that session ; but of this he could assure their lordships , that the English Catholics felt common cause with the Irish Catholics , and were most cordial well-wishers to the success of the present Petition.—But he now came to that which he confessed was the chief , if not the sole cause of his having then risen to trespass upon their lordships his had listened to certain observations in the speech of a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) with the greatest pain . He assured the noble and learned lord he had acted under a great misconception . He had listened with every possible attention to the speech of his noble friend the mover ; it was indeed a speech that commanded attention ; and he would venture to declare , that , throughout it , there was not a word to warrant the misapprehension of the noble and learned lord . He trusted that the noble and learned lord would gladly seize an opportunity to explain expressions , that could have dropped from him only under the mistaken apprehension of a very heavy charge . thanked the noble earl for the handsome manner of his interposition , He had certainly imagined that the noble earl who opened the debate had made a strong allusion to the discharge of his judicial duties , when in a judicial station in Ireland ; but when , in answering that supposed charge , he had said that many of the Irish Catholics themselves could prove it to be false and unjust , nothing was more distant from his intention than to impute to the noble earl any design of knowingly preferring against 685 him a charge which he at the same time suspected to be groundless . This he had never intended to say ; and if the words he had used had given rise to such a construction , he apologised for having used them . congratulated himself and the House upon the promptand ingenuous explanation of the noble and learned lord . He had no doubt that his noble friend in his reply would `` meet it with corresponding good will.—The cry for question then becoming general , said , that as every argument which he had already offered remained unanswered , and as they had been so well and ably confirmed by the reasoning of his noble friends who followed , he felt it unnecessary to trouble their lordships with any reply . With respect to a matter that had occurred in the course of the debate , and which personally alluded to himself , he hoped he knew too well what he owed to those who had honoured him with the high trust reposed in him , to have suffered any feelings of a private nature to have mixed with and disturbed the discharge of a great public duty . Nor should he now have at all alluded to the circumstance itself in that place , had it not been for the full and candid explanation just made by the noble and learned lord . Indeed , when the noble and learned lord was adverting to what had fallen from him , he was on the point of