attendant on the fall of general Hoghton . He thought therefore that as their rank was the same , and that their deaths had been alike glorious , their names should live in the equal testimonies of their country 's gratitude . admitted the full force of the observation just made ; but there was a line of distinction which regulated the grant of honours , independent of the equal ' claim upon the score of merit . What that was , as applicable to the present instance , he confessed himself then unable to state accurately . He should take care to make himself better acquainted with the distinction—and till he did , he should suggest to his right hon . friend the propriety of waving all further discussion on the claims of that much-to-be-lamented officer . acquiesced in the propriety of this suggestion . asked if it was not possible that there might be some expression of the feelings of the House upon the transcendant merits of the two young men who had behaved so heroically in the defence of their colours . was glad the observation had been thrown out by his hon . friend . He had long thought that there would be great use in that House noticing and recording every splendid instance of individual valour , however low the rank of the person . spoke to the same effect . At the same time that there must necessarily be some general limit which , whatever might be its latitude , might yet bear hard in its exclusive operation—there were instances however , that might well be admitted as exceptions ; of which there surely could not be one more touching and 532 more splendid , than that of the gallant youth who , as he fell , was only anxious to lay the colours of his country to a congenial heart that beat high for her praise '' and whose last throb was for the glory of her arms . in pursuance of his notice , rose , and addressed the House to the following effect : —Sir ; the wish for a secure and honourable peace must be general ; but no one , at this moment , believes in the possibility of its attainment ; nay , all agree in the necessity of continuing the war . Those who , till lately , shared in the universal panic which the unrivalled success , for many years , of the French arms on the continent had produced , are ; now considerably shaken in their first impressions , and inclined to hope where they had once despaired . Those who , with myself , never swerved from the opinion , that this nation possessed great military power , though they have lamented , and still continue to lament , the too frequent misapplication of that power , and the inadequacy of our exertions , can not but most heartily rejoice in any event which demonstrates the gallantry and efficiency of our troops , however they may consider such events as indecisive of ultimate success , and only as positive proofs of the capability of the empire—proofs , however , not requisite to establish , though they afford a noble confirmation of our long-acknowledged character for national intrepidity . Yet , Sir , while ministers hold this language themselves , and cheer these sentiments in others , they declare that we are contending for our very existence as a state—that the great cause which we maintain in the Peninsula , is not so much that of the allies , as our own—that it is better to decide our fate there with the enemy , than to have to contend with him on these shores . We have been triumphantly congratulated on having escaped the fate of all the other powers of Europe , on our having arrested the progress of the enemy , by our glorious achievements in the Peninsula , where we are told , that we have directed the `` impending thunderbolt '' harmless to the earth . We have indeed gained that , which in war is inestimable—fame ! We have