landlord might prescribe ? And what would be the case with other debtors ? They would be in the same situation as tenants , and yet the Bill did not propose to relieve them . It did not propose to relieve the trader who had borrowed the funds by which his commercial speculations were sustained . It did not propose to relieve the annuitant , the widow , the orphan : in fact , it could not relieve any of these . When a creditor , proceeding at law , in the event of his debtor refusing to pay in the lawful money of the realm , obtained judgment , which he must 925 eventually do , he had it in his power , and would have it in his power , to arrest that debtor , unless he paid either in gold or in notes estimated at a rate which would render them equivalent to gold . It was true that vague insinuations , insinuations which he trusted were wholly without foundation—had been uttered that there were certain persons holding high situations in the country , who hinted at the practicability of delaying legal proceedings , who spoke of the possibility of malpractices in our courts of justice , and who even went so far as to say , that when all the chicanery and quirks of the courts of common law were exhausted , a court of equity might step in and interpose its authority to the due execution of justice . Such a libel on the high individuals to whom he alluded , so flagrant a supposition , or one so hurtful to the feelings of any man who felt pride in calling himself an Englishman , could in vain be searched for but in the most corrupt time of the British history . If a debtor was to be thus relieved , if such an infraction of private faith was to be carried into effect , in God 's name let it be done at once by an act of the legislature . Badly as he thought of the Bill before the House , much as he should deplore the enactment of a law by which injustice would be legalized , he should still more deplore , if it were possible that such a circumstance could occur , any attempt made by a Judge to violate the law , and to assist in cementing that unnatural union which had so long existed between the Treasury and Thread needle-street . The idea made him shudder ; and he fervently hoped that no set of men in this country would ever have such a `` consolation , '' as it had been termed . He was convinced that the exalted characters to whom he alluded had been shamefully traduced in the very supposition that it was possible they could so comfort themselves . If they had been so disposed to truckle to the base association that he had described , the country would not be now exulting in that decision , which had pronounced De Yonge and Wright innocent . Let not the framers or supporters of the bill trust to Westminster Hall for extrication from their difficulties . Let them not trust to courts of law , or to courts of equity . The former would not , the latter dare not assist them . They must have recourse to some other mode of proceeding ; and what proceeding remained to them , but to make Bank notes 926 a legal tender , he knew not . By having recourse to this expedient , they would enable every man who had entered into a contract to get off by doing something very different from that which he had engaged to do , namely , by paying in paper the sum which he had engaged to pay in gold , all debtors would so get off . Among others , the public creditor , who receiving from the Treasury a certain sum in paper as the payment of his loan to government , would no longer be liable to pay his creditor in gold , but would be