gent. ? If the people were at one time more ardent in the cause than at another , he could only account for it by referring to discoveries being made at particular periods , of such a nature , as to point out the paramount necessity of Reform . It was his firm conviction , that nothing short of Reform , and the exercise of a principle of renovation on the part of the House 569 could reconcile the people to the growing burdens of the country . expressed his opinion that the sentiments of the people were not so generally in favour of Reform as had been represented . said he knew the Petition to have been subscribed by numerous and most respectable signatures . An hon . baronet had said that the meeting had not been legally convened . The meeting had been convened by the Sheriff , and was of course legal . The hon . baronet had spoken of the news-paper report , and allowed it to have been full , fair and perfectly correct . Now , there was a part of that report , which he ( Mr. Whitbread ) had conceived to have been an error , until he had heard the very candid acknowledgment of the hon . baronet . The part he alluded to , was , where the hon . baronet was represented as declaring in answer to a question of how he voted , that he did not recollect whether he had been in the House or not upon that occasion ( a laugh ) . An hon . gent . had said , that there were periodical fits of Reform . All he could say was , that his fit had been of tolerable long continuance , it had lasted thirty years ; and he believed that the fits of many other gentlemen would be found to have been equally obstinate . It had been also said , that the people of this country grew indifferent to the cause of Reform , from seeing into what hands it had fallen . He could not see what grounds there were , either for presuming that indifference on the part of the people , or if it did exist , imputing it to such a cause . In many of his friends who were active and consistent supporters of Reform , he saw no ground for any such apprehension . He could not see in the character or conduct of the hon . member for Hertfordshire , rooted as that hon . member was in the esteem and respect of all good men , any reasons to warrant such a conclusion . He saw no reason why a cause should be injured by the support of such men as the noble descendant of the House of Russell , and many other personages who had the greatest interests in the safety and happiness of the country . As to what the hon . baronet had said respecting the persons of whom the meeting at Maidstone was composed , the Petition stated expressly that it was from the inhabitants , and not the freeholders merely , therefore it did not require the interference of the hon . baronet to put the House in 570 possession of what they already knew . He concluded by repeating it as his conviction , that unless there was a Reform there was no salvation for the empire . said , that whenever there was a Petition before the House , he should , whenever he thought necessary , interfere to offer his sentiments without asking the leave of the hon . gentleman . had , on a former evening , moved to rescind an Address to the Prince Regent for certain papers relative to Sierra Leone . It had however , upon that occasion been suggested to him , that as an hon . gent . who had moved that Address was not then in the House , and as it could not be ascertained whether or not the Address had been actually presented , that it might be advisable to postpone his motion for rescinding