been in the daily habit of violating their own system , and now they seemed to wish to preserve only that part which had been proved to be most prejudicial . All reciprocity of intercourse between this country and America was now at an end . America was ready to send her exports to this country , but not to receive ours in return . Such , too , was our intercourse with France . She allowed us , for her own interest , to purchase from her articles of the first necessity , but she would admit no exports from this country . Ministers had frequently been warned , that their system was attended with this great danger , —that America might be driven to manufacture for herself , and then even if the present misunderstanding should be settled , we should no longer find the market which it was in our power to have retained . Our exports might be encountered in America by domestic regulations made to protect their own manufactures . By a report of the progress of manufactures in America , it appeared that in the year 1810 , there had been manufactured 450 in the State of New York alone , above 3 millions of yards of woollen cloth , 5,700,000 yards of linen , and 211,000 of cotton cloth . By this report it was certainly intended to shew America that she could do without England . Ministers appeared to him to have been grossly inattentive to a subject of the highest importance . Whether they expected war or peace , he could not say ; but it appeared to him , that commercial war must end in actual war ; and that if the Orders in Council were not rescinded , there must soon be conflicts between the vessels of the different countries.—He had already had an opportunity of delivering his opinion respecting the policy of this country towards the States of Europe . He should not hesitate still to say , that he wished the advantage might be taken of the present favourable posture of affairs to try whether peace were practicable or not . He knew that he was charged with being ready to accept any peace at any time : but he trusted that he would be as unwilling as any gentleman to accept of peace on terms that were not honourable for this country . He was ready to pay the warmest tribute of his admiration to the merit which had been displayed by lord Wellington . Nothing which could happen in future could make him retract from that praise which he had given to what lord Wellington had already done : but looking at the many glorious and sanguinary battles which had lately taken place , he saw no ground for confidently anticipating a favourable result to the war . He therefore thought that it was a time that it would be proper to try whether peace might not be obtained on honourable and reasonable terms.—The other points to which he wished to direct the attention of the House was of a nature purely domestic . He could not help thinking , that with respect to the state of his Majesty 's health , the country had not been fairly dealt with . Every day , from the 20th of February down to the 25th of May , the public were led to believe , by the Bulletins which were published , that his Majesty was recovering , and would be very soon fit to reassume the reins of government ; and yet it now appeared that he was extremely ill , and the public had but little reason to suppose him better than he was many months ago . It appeared to him that there ought to be another examination of the physicians before the session was closed . On the former examina- 451 tion the physicians had said , that in proportion to the duration of the disease was the danger of a relapse . Now , if his Majesty were to recover and should be advised to re-assume his power when parliament was snot