been told that by the clear construction of the law the Irish Catholic soldier would , on coming to this country , be maintained in the enjoyment of his own religion , acquiesced in the reply . He had authority from his royal highness the Duke of York , to state , that on the passing of the Bill , an order should be issued similar to that issued by the Commander in Chief in Ireland . If any doubt yet remained on the minds of the House upon the subject , he was persuaded that it must he removed on hearing the opinions of the law officers of the crown . He here read the opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General , in which it was stated that by the provisions of the Bill , the Irish Catholic militiaman , on his transfer to this country , would be entitled to all the privileges with respect to religion , which he had heretofore enjoyed in Ireland , notwithstanding any act to the contrary which might now be in force in Great Britain . wished for an additional clause on the subject , or at least that the Regent should be advised to make a new article of war upon it . doubted whether Mr. Fox , having the subject completely before him , had ever withdrawn such a clause as that now proposed : if he had , he would doubt the accuracy even of Mr. Fox 's judgment . He rose , not so much to speak to the question , as to notice , that an hon . friend of his would submit a motion on this point on the report , when they would have an opportunity of discussing it . said he would vote for any clause that would render the Catholic rights clear and explicit , but in the mean time , would not suffer that to induce him to vote against so excellent a measure . then observed , that to obviate any misapprehension of the subject , he was willing to move the insertion of words stating , that the Irish Catholic militiaman , when transferred to England , should be entitled to the same civil , military , and religious exemptions , as were enjoyed by him in Ireland . wished to know if any notice had been given on the subject . A something had been done last session at a very late period , and it was then understood that early this session certain documents were to be laid before the House , to prove the proposed increase of allowance necessary . This he thought ought to be done , and it was proper that some notice should be given to allow time for the due consideration of the subject . said he had certainly given notice of the motion on Saturday ; but if the right hon . baronet wished it postponed till to-morrow ; or any day at but a short distance of time , he had no objection to the postponement of the subject . It was , however , to be remembered that the motion was merely one to carry into effect the Resolution of last session . replied , that if it was only intended to bring in a Bill in the regular way , on the subject , there would be sufficient opportunities for him to express his sentiments hereafter . He did not , under all the circumstances , wish to cause any delay , but he was not aware that the House had the regular notice , Saturday not being a clay on which notices were commonly given . repealed , that he had given notice on Saturday.—The House then resolved itself into the Committee , in which the right hon . gentleman moved , That an addition of 10,000l . per annum should be made to the income of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , to be paid out of the consolidated fund . thought that this ought to be done out of the surplus of the Civil List , which was at present paid to his Majesty .