of the present discussion would be gradually to lead to true and just principles on the subject ; and he was also satisfied that those would be found to be the best friends to the country who advised , that even in a state of prosperity , the present system should not be pushed too far . was of opinion , that it would be most desirable , whenever it could be safely done , to revert to the old practice ; but did not think that this country was in any immediate danger from a depreciated silver currency , after having so long gone on with debased shillings and sixpences manufactured by France at one half what they were current for here . As to the Amendment , no doubt could be entertained as to what was meant by it ; but it was objectionable , as proceeding upon a principle at present impracticable . The operations of the nation could not be carried on if the circulation were to be much diminished . When in 1797 , the Bank drew in its issues , the loan of four millions was raised at a benefit of 8 per cent . to the contractors , whereas the loan of last year was obtained at nearly the price of the funds in which it was borrowed . The ill consequences of such a diminution of the currency would be felt by the public , who were borrowing constantly by anticipation ; but it behoved that House to guard the public interests from the injury they would thereby sustain . If any individual in his private concerns should feel apprehensive of a storm , he would take care , by contracting his out-goings , to be prepared to meet it . That House was bound to take the same course with respect to the affairs of the public , and to prepare the vessel to ride out the tempest by taking in the light sails , and putting her in a proper trim to encounter the storm . He was not a little surprised to hear the sentiments of the hon . member who had quoted the authority of Locke and Newton upon this subject ; though he could not wonder at such authorities being referred to , when an hon . member last night even quoted the authority of Moses . He had never said that the system originated with Mr. Pitt . Whatever might be thought of it , no man could speak disrespectfully of a system which had enabled the country to maintain an expensive war for so long a period . No gentleman , who looked at the situation of the country , could think it expedient now to return to cash-payments ; and it must be clear to anyone , who bore 172 in mind what had taken place since the Bank Restriction act , that at no period since that time was it more impracticable to return to cash payments than at present . then proposed his several Amendments to the Resolutions of Mr. Vansittart , not with the view to any discussion , but that they might be entered on the Journals . denied the facts asserted in Mr. Horner 's Amendments . was content that the matter should now rest on their counter assertions , which would thus appear opposed to each other on the Journals . then proposed his Amendment , as an addition to the Sixteenth Resolution ; but this addition was also negatived . Resolutions were then put and agreed to , after which the House adjourned . moved the further consideration of the Report of the above Bill , which was opposed by sir W. Curtis , and sir J. Anstruther , who moved that it be postponed to this day three months . After a further conversation , in the course of which Mr. Simeon and Mr. Shaw Lefevre spoke against the original motion , and Mr . Pole Carew in support of it , a question arose as to the propriety of disallowing the votes of members , personally interested ; upon which the Speaker rose and referred