had formerly delivered , and in which he was happy to find the noble Secretary of State concurred , as to the cause of the value affixed to the current coin of the country . It was only by violating the law , which prohibited the turning guineas into bullion , that the value of a guinea could be raised above that conferred on it by the proclamation of the King , or the act of the legislature . Why noble lords and others had not followed the example of the noble lord ( King ) he could easily explain . They did not wish to expose themselves to the execration of the country . The noble earl had said this Bill was meant as a hint to lord King . Certainly he did mean it as a hint to his lordship , and to all who should act like him . He did not know whether the noble earl had ever studied at Oxford . Those who were acquainted with the University of Oxford , must have heard of John King 's 'broad hint . ' It was this : that when a person had been warned that his company was disagreeable , and that his further presence , therefore , was dispensed with , and he failed to take the hint , that then he should be kicked down stairs . He had now given lord King the hint ; and , if his lord shop did not chuse to take it , he should move , next session , to give him John King 's broad hint . begged to remind the House , that , having already agreed to the Amendments made by the Commons on the Bill , the question now was , whether a message should be sent to the Commons , stating that they had agreed to those 1115 Amendments.—The question was then put and agreed to . delivered the , following Speech : `` My Lords , and Gentlemen , `` His Royal Highness the Prince Regent , acting in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , has commanded us to signify ' to you the satisfaction with which he finds himself enabled to relieve you from your attendance in parliament , after ' the long and laborious duties of the session . We are particularly directed to express his approbation of the wisdom and firm ness which you have manifested in enabling his Royal Highness to continue the exertions of this country in the cause of our Allies , and to prosecute the war with increased activity and vigour . `` Your determined perseverance in a system of liberal aid to the brave and . loyal nations of the peninsula has progressively augmented their means and spirit of resistance , while the humane attention which you have paid to the suffferings of the inhabitants of Portugal 1119 under the unexampled cruelty of the enemy , has confirmed the alliance by new ties of affection , and can not fail to inspire additional zeal and animation in the maintenance of the common cause . `` His Royal Highness especially commands us to declare his cordial concurrence in the measures which you have adopted for improving the internal security and military resources of the united Kingdom , `` For these important purposes you have wisely provided , by establishing a system for the annual supply of the regular army , and for the interchange of the militias of Great Britain and Ireland ; and his Royal Highness has the satisfaction of informing you , that the voluntary zeal which has already been manifested upon this occasion has enabled him to give immediate operation to an arrangement by which the Union and mutual interests of Great Britain and Ireland may be more effectually cemented and improved . `` Gentlemen of the House of Commons , `` His Royal Highness commands us to thank you in the name and on behalf of his Majesty , for the liberal supplies which you have furnished for every branch of the public service . `` His Royal Highness has seen with pleasure the readiness with