one of the gentlemen proprietors of newspapers in Dublin , who said that hand-bills ought to have a reasonable tax laid upon them , so that they should not have the advantage , and draw the advertisements from the newspapers . I acceded to the wish , and he proposed a penny on hand-bills , which I thought too much , and said it ought to be only one halfpenny . All I say , is , that much injury will indeed be done , if the English mode is adopted , but if the hon . gent . likes it , he can if he wishes have it adopted . I conceive , Sir , that within the meaning of the Act of Union , this new tax , as it regards advertisements exceeding ten lines , is in direct violation of the law ; because it is an additional duty , although it is declared , that no article in Ireland shall be made liable to any new or additional duty , rendering the whole amount of which would be thereafter payable , exceeding the amount of the duty payable in England on the 186 like articles . Advertisements of 20 lines pay more in Ireland than in England , and if this is not directly against the letter and spirit of the act , I can not see what is . [ Here the right hon . gent . read a part of the act . ] —Now , Sir , I do not see haw , in regulating the duty , that the right hon . gent . has a right to do it , because it is an absolute violation of the act . When too , the Petitioners make any request on the subject , they are told then you must pay the whole duty that is paid in England . Would it be fair to call on any body of men , under the local circumstances of the country and in their peculiar branch of business , and to say to them , you must either submit to the grievance I have inflicted upon you , or you must be burdened with another grievance . There are many articles on which the poverty of Ireland can not admit the same tax . Would it be right to say to the Petitioners , `` true it is , you complain of the grievances of a tax and you shall have a modification of it ; but on these terms , that you shall receive a greater burden , and pay taxes the same as in England . '' I am perfectly confident , that any augmentation of the duty on advertisements will have no beneficial effect in the revenue , and only serve to put down the press of Ireland . With regard to what has been said of newspapers being set up , which has been already made use of by the other side ; it should be remembered , that a newspaper may be so ingeniously managed as to secure to itself all the government proclamations and advertisement of public boards , where the government only pays with one hand and receives with the other . Indeed , newspapers may be set up merely with a view to give encouragement to the idea that the tax will not be injurious to the press , but I should be glad to see how much of that sum of 10,000l . was actually and bona fide taken out of the public purse ; that is , the government paying with one hand into the other , from one pocket into another . That , I think , would be the fair criterion of judging in what proportion the tax had been productive . Another thing has been stated , and it is that the smaller advertisements are peculiarly the produce of the poor ; but there is one description of advertisements which feels the effect of this tax with great severity from its nature , such as sales of estates and decrees of courts : indeed every thing relating to judicial pro- 187 ceedings