ground that two of the Standing Orders of the Mouse , as they respected this Bill , had not been complied with . One of these directed , that , when a Bill of this description was brought in , it should be accompanied with a list of subscriptions to effect the object , and estimates of the expenses ; the second directed , that all those whose estates were likely to be affected by the Bill should be supplied with maps , pointing out any probable alteration . The Bill was intended to repeal several Turnpike acts then in force in Perthshire , and to give to a number of new trustees the control of the old trusts . It would also authorise the forming no less than 15 new lines of road , where at present no turnpike existed , and would also grant liberty to erect eight new bridges . It had been asserted , that there was no necessity to produce plans and estimates , as they were only proceeding on the foundation of the old trust , and therefore the Standing Orders did not apply . But , he submitted to the House , whether plans , estimates , and subscriptions , were not particularly desirable , when the extensive powers contained in the Bill to form new lines of road , and new bridges , were considered . The House , he thought , ought to give some opinion as to the necessity , in such a case , of complying with the Standing Orders . was sorry that such an objection should be brought forward in that stage of the business . The Bill was sanctioned , after the most mature consideration , by the great body of the inhabitants of Perthshire , one of the most popular counties in Scotland . The very persons who now petitioned against certain parts of the Bill had formerly declared their assent ; nor were their estates likely to be at all injured by the Bill , which , in fact , would be a great public benefit . There had been no intention whatever to evade the Standing Orders of the House : if that charge could be substantiated , it would be sufficient , of itself , to defeat the Bill . In fact , no such intention was entertained , but it was conceived that plans and estimates were not necessary , when there were an existing trust , and existing roads . However , an engineer had been 562 employed to form estimates and plans of the new roads . They were now ready , and , he hoped , would prove satisfactory , though not produced exactly at the period prescribed by the Standing Order . contended , that the Standing Orders had not been complied with . He denied that the great body of landholders , in the county of Perth , were in favour of the Bill . The earl of Breadalbane and Mr. Burrell , who , he believed , owned two of the largest estates in the county , were hostile to it . said , it was admitted that many of the inhabitants of Perthshire contemplated the measure as one of great importance . The terms in which the Standing Order was couched , being in some degree ambiguous , a variety of constructions had at different times been put on it , and the parties having now procured plans and estimates , which were then de facto before them , he hoped the House would not stop the further proceeding with the Bill . expressed a wish to have the Speaker 's opinion on the subject . observed , that the objections against the Bill were twofold ; first , as it went to alter a turnpike , without estimates , & c. being produced , which , if noticed at an earlier period , would have been fatal ; and , 2dly , that it gave a right of forming 15 new lines of road , and altering and varying them . With respect to the first point , as it appeared evidently to