. How ? by the signature of six housekeepers . Was his ordeal to end here ? No ; the judgment of the six housekeepers was to be revised by a country justice before the Dissenting congregation could be secure of the teacher whom they had originally chosen for his fitness . The article relating to probationers was unjust and absurd . When a vacancy occurred in the dissenting pulpit , a number of candidates usually appeared , who were to give evidence of their : qualities , by preaching , before they had 250 or could have obtained an appointment , By the operation of the article now alluded to , those young men would be subjected to the horrid penalties of the Conventicle act . If this Bill were to pass , they would find 50,000 methodist teachers applying immediately for licenses , for fear of persecution . But though the regular methodist teachers might not have any thing to fear from a prosecution of that nature , since the wise statute of Anne , the whole important body of the itinerants would be exposed to peculiar hazard . The noble viscount had spoken of having had the approbation of many respectable Dissenters on the Bill ; but he ( lord Holland ) had conversed with many on the subject , and he had not found one who did not decidedly disapprove of the entire Bill . It was completely at variance with the original idea thrown out to the House , as he understood it ; and he could not doubt that it was also at variance with all that he had ever learnt to revere as the genuine principles of religious liberty . said , he never felt more pleasure in his whole parliamentary life than he had done on this very day ; and if any one asked him the reason , he would tell him , it was at the immense heap of petitions that was then strewed upon their floor , and piled upon their table , and all against this wretched Bill . He liked this , because a kind of silly talk had been going abroad , that there was no public . He had always thought otherwise . And he saw to day that there was a public , and a public opinion , and a public spirit . He saw it in the multitude of petitions sent up on so short a notice ; and he was rejoiced to find that public alive , active , and energetic . He would not talk of the Bill ; that was dead and gone ; and it would be beneath a man of sense to quarrel with the carcase . The Bill was declaratory as well as active , and it was illegal as well as either . He defied all the lawyers in and out of the House to prove that this wretched and unfortunate Bill was not illegal . He would not condescend to argue every point of it . It was unnecessary to argue upon what was beyond human help . It was all over with the Bill ; its hour was come ; the Bill was dead and gone ; but he must , however , say something on the subject . He hated the name of the Toleration act . He hated the word toleration . It was a beggarly , narrow , worthless word : it did not go far enough . He hated toleration , because be loved liberty . 251 He believed he might say , that he wag one of those who had read as many statutes on the subject of religion , not as the lawyers only , but , he might say , as my lords the bishops . He had gone through them with a professional man by his side , and with his pen had abstracted and marked off 300 laws about religion from the statute book ; and he ventured to assert they were of such a nature as would make their lordships disgusted with the statute book , and ashamed of their ancestors who could have