How , then , was any one to ascertain the value of Bank-notes from the value of all the commodities upon the security of which they were issued ? This was beyond the reach of any one . The only criterion of the value of the Bank-note must be the sum in gold or silver of standard weight and fineness , into which it was convertible . It was in vain to setup any other criterion of value , for by none other could the value of the Bank-note he kept up , or the note be prevented from becoming depreciated . What , then , was the object of the Bill ? It was nugatory as to preventing the landlord from insisting oh his rents in gold , as it left him all his legal remedies except that of distress . The object of the Bill , then , was to force the circulation of a depreciated currency at a nominal value . It bad been said , that the arguments applicable to a paper currency issued by the authority of government were inapplicable to notes issued by a private Company . But where was the security ? The directors had a duty which they owed to their constituents , the proprietary , paramount to any interest of the public ; and if a profit was to be derived to the proprietors from an additional issue of Bank-notes , it would be no excuse on the part of the Bank Directors for not doing so to state to their constituents , the proprietors , that the interests of the public required it should not 1112 be done . Their lordships had only `` to look , in point of fact , to the documents on their table , to prove that the issue of Bank notes had been increased without reason . It would be seen that the amount of Bank notes in circulation , which in 1808 was I7,540,000l . bad increased in 1811 to 23,420,000l . making a difference of 5,880,000l . in three years . It had been said , that the increase of mercantile transactions required this increase of circulating medium ; but it was well known that if there was an increase of transactions there was an increase of credit , and that a less amount of circulating medium was , in fact , required . So far , however , from there being an increase of mercantile transactions , he had been informed by several commercial men , that there never was a greater diminution of mercantile transactions than within the last six months.—The noble earl then entered into a calculation to shew that the increase of Country Bank notes , against a further increase of which the security was taken away by the present bill , had within the last three years , amounted to a sum which , added to the 5,880,000l . increase of Bank of England notes , made up a sum of 14,000,000l . When such an excessive issue of paper had taken place , and when there was no security against a still further excess , it was quite impossible for any legislative measure to prevent its depreciation ; and to attempt to force the circulation of this depreciated currency at its nominal rate of value , was pregnant with the most fatal consequences . This nevertheless , was the real object of the Bill , however it might profess to relieve the tenant from any supposed attempt at extortion on the part of the landlord . It did not , in fact , relieve the tenant , there was merely a hint to lord King ; but the real object was to attempt to keep up the nominal value of the paper currency , and the only effect of which must be to reduce the value to be paid on all contracts to such a sum as the directors of the Bank of England , in conjunction with the country bankers , should please to reduce it to by the excessive issues , and consequent still further depreciation of their notes . The Bill would ,