the usual money of the kingdom of Scot land . '' This contract took place about twenty years before the statute of Edward S. If that statute shall be revived and acted upon , and if the doctrine of the right hon . gentleman 's Resolutions shall be sanctioned by parliament , it requires no great stretch of apprehension to foresee that men will ere long endeavour to guard themselves against the effects of such a system by resorting to contracts of a similar nature . I have now done with the right hon . gentleman 's third Resolution ; I will only again say , that if any man had mentioned it to me out of this House , as a proposition which the right hon . gentleman intended to offer for our acceptance , I should have utterly disbelieved him : I should have considered such a rumour as a more 115 device on the part of his opponents , to place in the strongest light imaginable the absurdity to which , it pushed to all their consequences , the right hon . gentlemen 's arguments were capable of going . Passing over the statistical Resolutions from the fourth to the fourteenth inclusive , I come now to the fifteenth , which contains the right hon . gentleman 's doctrine of Exchanges . This Resolution partakes , in a very striking degree , of the faults which I had occasion to remark upon in the first of the series to which it belongs . From the vague and imperfect manner in which it is expressed , the proposition intended to be conveyed by it , is rather insinuated than affirmed . The right hon . gentleman does not distinctly deny that the state of our currency has any influence on the foreign exchanges , or on the price of bullion : at the same time , he certainly does not admit that it has any such influence . He only asserts that there are other causes `` sufficient to account for the unfavourable state of the exchange , and the high price of bullion , without any change in '' ( what he calls ) `` the internal value of our currency . '' Now it can not escape so accurate an understanding as that of the right hon . gentleman , that this mode of stating his argument , is not an answer to the main points in dispute , but an evasion of them.—The Bullion Report asserts , that our paper currency is depreciated , and that the depreciation of our currency has raised the price of gold , and turned and kept the foreign exchanges against us . The right honourable gentleman replies—not by denying both these assertions ; but by affirming , with respect to the latter , that the imputed consequences may have been produced by other causes , without the existence of the cause specifically assigned for them . We know indeed , from the preceding part of the right hon . gentleman 's argument , that he docs deny the depreciation of our currency—So far he is perfectly intelligible . But , as to the second proposition , `` that the depreciated currency has occasioned the rise in the price of bullion and the unfavourableness of the foreign exchanges , '' are we to understand him as saying , that a depreciated currency would not have those effects ? or only , that as our currency is not depreciated , such effects can not in this instance be attributable to that cause ? 116 If he admits that such would be the natural effects of a depreciated currency , admitting at the same time ( as he does ) that such effects do exist , the whole of his argument is destroyed by his own admissions . The utmost advantage that he could then derive even from the undisputed admission of all the facts enumerated in his statistical Resolutions—of his prices of stocks , and prices of corn , his exports and imports , and revenue and expenditure—would be to show , that there are other causes which may enter for