that he overlooked one of the principal elements of all calculation respecting the intercourse of nations , the effect of which is not the less real from its not being capable of arithmetical estimate ; I mean confidence . Supposing the diminution of our currency to have the effect which he agrees with me and with the hon . gent , near me ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , in thinking it would have , that of occasioning great commercial distress and numerous bankruptcies , the injury done to confidence abroad might produce an unfavourable effect on the exchange more powerful and more rapid than the beneficial operation of a reduction of currency could counteract . Commercial embarrassments would occasion a fall in the value of government securities , and particularly of the funds ; foreign stockholders , as well as other foreigners possessing property here , would take the alarm , and would be desirous of withdrawing their capitals , even at some loss , and bringing home their property ; and thus the general balance of payments , and consequently the exchange , might become still more unfavourable , notwithstanding some improvement of the course of trade abstractedly considered . On this point , also , we have to a certain extent , the evidence of facts . In 1783 and 1796 and 7 , the issues of the Bank were considerably reduced ; not , indeed , to that degree which must be the effect of an approaching renewal of cash payments , yet sufficiently to produce much mercantile distress , notwithstanding the abundance of metallic money then circulating . But was this reduction productive of any beneficial effect on the exchange ? Far from it . The exchange continued unfavourable till rectified by other causes ; in the first case , by the peace ; in the other , by the peace between Austria and France , and by the return of plenty after a period of dearth ; and in both cases the improvement of the exchange was accompanied -- ( but I admit not produced ) by a rapid increase of the issues of the Bank . In discussing this question , an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Huskisson ) , and my hon . friend near me ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , laid considerable stress on the example of the Bank of France , which they recommend to our imitation , as another hon . gent . ( Mr. Sharpe ) has done the conduct of Holland 9 and Hamburgh . Before I can attach any importance to this case , I should require some greater security for an exact statement of the facts , than an official Report made to the French government , respecting transactions in which the conduct of that government itself was involved * The Report certainly is very well written , and ingenious ; but an account is circulated in common rumour respecting the causes of the embarrassments of the Bank of France , in 1806 , much shorter , and more simple , than that of Mr. Dupont . It is said , that the French emperor , when about to take the field against Austria and Russia , in the autumn of 1805 , found it convenient to possess himself of the cash reserved by the Bank of France , for which he gave the security of bills accepted by the receivers of the revenue : that the Bank was , in consequence , obliged to stop payment for four months ; but that the victorious event of the campaign , and the contributions extorted from Germany , enabled the emperor , after that term , to replace the sums advanced , and the Bank resumed its ordinary operations . I can not answer for the truth of this account , but it carries no improbability on the face of it ; and the earnest manner in which Mr. Dupont deprecates all interference or connexion between the government and the Bank , naturally leads to a suspicion that some such story may be well founded . But admitting his representation of the case