was not , and that in public estimation Bank notes and money were of the same value—He should not go into the examination of those general principles , which had been already so ably discussed ; but for his own satisfaction , as a member of the Committee , he must declare , that in the general principles he agreed with every syllable which had fallen from his hon . and learned friend ; and it was his firm conviction , that there was a depreciation of our currency , and that it arose from an excessive issue . On the present occasion , it was they who denied the excess who were bound to prove that there was none , as all the symptoms and every presumption was , that there was an excess . It was to be noticed , that there were above 770 country banks , all forcing as much of their paper into circulation as they could.—It appeared in evidence , that one country banker wished to get 50,000l . more of his notes into circulation ; but with all the exertions he could use , he could only force 1,000l . more than was before circulating . Probably some other country banker of his neighbourhood , no less enterprising , had gone before him , and forced upon the market the utmost quantity of paper which it could bear . It was then perfectly established , that there was a number of persons always watching most anxiously for an opportunity to force upon the market as much paper as it would bear , which must have a natural tendency to excessive issues . There being , then , a natural excessive issue , and an apparent depreciation , the presumption was , that there was an excess which produced the depreciation . Those who denied this fair presumption , were bound to shew that there was no excess . When he used the word depreciation he wished that he could find any other word in the language to express his meaning . He did not mean , nor did any of his friends mean to argue , that Bank notes were discredited ; but he meant to say , that they had lessened in value , as Was evident by gold bearing so a high a price in reference to the com that those notes purported to represent . He must deny , however , that Bank notes and money were of the same value , either actually or in public estimation . In the ordinary oc- 154 currences of life , and in small transactions , the one might serve as well as the other . With paper he could pay his taxes , and make what purchases he wanted ; but in transactions on a larger scale , the value was not the same . The answer generally given to this position was `` Oh , thin , you must suppose men to be acting unlawfully , and breaking the laws of the realm . '' As to the laws respecting the coin , he did suppose they had been violated every day since they were first passed . Those laws , as had been stated by the best writers , were very doubtful in their policy , but ineffectual in their operation . As long as coin could , by even violating the law , be turned into bullion , which was a thing of greater value , and paper was not convertible , coin and paper could not be of the same value . When it was well known that there were a race of men in this city , anxiously catching at the smallest advantages , even at one eighth per cent . upon Stocks or Exchequer bills , how could it be supposed that men would be wanting who would violate the law for a premium of 20 per cent . which they could gain immediately by melting the guineas ? If the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer were to go to the bullion market for the purpose of buying gold , did he really