to demand his rent to be paid without depreciation , at the very time when the tenant was selling the produce of his farm with reference to this very depreciation in the paper currency of the kingdom ? He recollected the language , which , at the commencement of the French Revolution , was held by gentlemen on the other side of the House with regard to the French assignats . Their tone , however , was now completely changed , and was to be compared to nothing but what they then attributed to Robespierre and his associates , from which the down-fall of the credit of France was prognosticated . He trusted , however , that the present measure would have this good effect ; 904 it would make gentlemen at length feel in what situation they stood . Sugar-planters and West India planters associated for their own interests on every occasion when they supposed them to be in danger . The landed interest alone seemed insensible to the dangers which threatened them , and to the advantage which was at all times taken of their remissness . He trusted at length they would be awakened , and would not wait for the period when every man in England would find that , with his pockets full of paper , he was without the means of support . This languor , in such a situation , seemed to say , that no remedy could be applied , and reminded him of a line in an Italian poet , which was said to be inscribed over the gates of Hell— '' Who enters here leaves hope behind . '' So , in the present instance , hope seemed extinct ; and while the evil was deplored , it seemed to be the opinion of many , that no more could be done . We had now approached to this point without being able to find out a remedy for the evil which menaced us . The noble lord who had warned us of our danger was , in his opinion , entitled to our best thanks , in the same way as he must be esteemed our friend who prevented us from leaping over while we had only a step to take before we fell into the gulph of perdition . Without a speedy remedy , we must quickly expect to see a paper price and a money price , and the evil must continue to increase till Bank notes became like the assignats in France . How was the Bank to get gold ? An honourable Director had told the House that the Bank was solvent . Could it pay the demands upon it in money ? No ; he admitted it could not ; but it could pay you , in other paper . This was not to pay its creditors , but only to contract with them a debt of another kind . There was but one possible remedy , and that was to diminish the paper circulation . This the immense expenditure of the country rendered next to impossible ; and no remedy seemed at all to present itself . The remedy proposed did not appear at all calculated to make things better . Suppose the landlord to take the circuitous mode of proceeding by action till he obtains judgment and the sheriff sells , may not the landlord still say that he will not take less than the actual value , while , on the other hand , the sheriff says that he can not sell for more than to the amount of the Bank paper ? In this way must it not 905 still go to the courts to determine the question of right ? We could only expect to go on . from one evil to another , and a greater . Was it for the landholder of England , however , to be made the scape goat and the victim to this destructive system , which could only be propped up for a season , but could not be effectually supported ? Gentlemen opposite seemed to think that sufficient unto the day