believed , had an alteration been made , and these were cases in which it was found better , by substituting pecuniary penalties , to render the risk of committing the offence greater , than any benefit which could accrue from its perpetration . contended that his statement was correct . By the revenue laws , as they originally stood , there were 95 offences punishable with death ; by the late Bill they had been reduced to 25. observed , that the reason which influenced the House to refer the revenue laws to a Committee was , that , in several of those acts , the penalty of death was enacted `` by reference . '' This was most improper , and therefore the House had thought fit to investigate the matter . Direction was given to the judges to include in one act all the revenue laws which enacted the penalty of death . This Bill was referred to a Committee up stairs , and all those who were practically acquainted with the subject were examined as to the propriety of retaining or commuting the punishment of death attached to many of the offences . The proceeding bore , no resemblance to the measure then before the House . The noble lord who brought in the Bill had passed a high eulogium on the talents of the hon . and learned gentleman who had framed it . He was willing to concur in that eulogium ; but it should be recollected that the branch of the law to which that hon . and learned gentleman applied himself , could afford but little information on the criminal law . He objected not so much to the Bills themselves , as to the principle on which they were founded , which might be applied to the whole criminal code . That code had succeeded as well as it was possible for any system of criminal law to succeed . He should therefore oppose the Bills , which , while he was sure they could effect no good , might be productive of very great mischief . said that the facts which were admitted to have been proved before the Committee on the re-venue laws , that , in many instances , the severity of punishment had increased the unwillingness to prosecute , and thereby become the means of increasing offences , were sufficient to prove the necessity of the interference of the legislature . Those who asserted that it was intended to take away all discretion from the judges were mistaken . By examining the Bill it would 303 be found , that the judge could vary the punishment from transportation for life , to the period of seven years , or even to imprisonment for a certain time . replied briefly '' to the arguments advanced against the Bill . presented a Petition from the Merchants and traders of the city of Waterford ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners having new , for a series of years , felt the pernicious influence and injurious operation of the present system of administering the bankrupt laws , and experienced , in many instances , the inefficient nature of these laws themselves , having witnessed the increased frequency and too often triumphant impunity of fraud under a code enacted for its prevention , and having Suffered from the very heavy expences and tedious delays attendant on all attempts at the detection and prosecution thereof , beg leave most humbly to entreat the attention of the House to a subject of such vital importance in a commercial and trading country ; and they entreat it under a conviction that the evils of which they complain take their rise in part from an inefficient code , but principally from the very defective and injudicious nature of its administration ; under this conviction , the petitioners humbly pray a revision and amendment of the bankrupt laws for the following amongst other reasons : first , because the administration of the laws is entrusted to commissioners , who , by reason of their scanty allowance , are compelled , in a great degree ,