rose and addressed the Committee as follows : : The Resolutions proposed by the learned Chairman of the Bullion Committee ( Mr. Horner ) having been rejected by the House , it is now my duty to bring under their consideration those of which I have given notice , and which have for some time been printed . I shall think it unnecessary to enter at much length into the discussion of general principles which have been so fully debated , and upon which I have the satisfaction to find the opinion of a great majority of the House conformable to my own . And the course of proceeding adopted with great candour by the learned gent. , enables me to dispense with that minute proof which I am prepared to give , by a reference to authentic documents , of the truth of the facts stated in my proposed Resolutions . With a view to fair and convenient discussion , be has prepared a series of amendments , in 2 which he has specifically pointed out those facts alledged by me , which he disputes , and has brought forward such others as he thinks may destroy , or materially weaken , the impression of the chain of historical evidence which I have adduced . I shall , therefore , consider myself as justified in arguing upon every fact to which he has made no objection in those amendments , as admitted ; and only call the attention of the House to the proof of those which he thinks capable or being refuted or explained . But , before I enter upon this discussion , I think it necessary to remove a few misapprehensions which have occured , and notice some of the arguments which have been adduced in the course of this long protracted debate . For in proportion as the supporters of the Bullion Report have found themselves pressed on the material points of the case , they have wandered into extraneous topics , and had recourse to some artifices of debate which it is not unnecessary to point out . In the first place it has been observed , with a view of weakening the effect of my Resolutions that they have gone through three editions . If this were true , and if the alterations I had made had been considerable , I should have done no more than would have been both my right and my duty if I had fallen in to any errors at first . The fact , however is merely this : On the 11th of April my learned friend communicated to the House the general substance of his intended Resolutions : on the 22d they were presented in their present form , and ordered to be printed . On Friday the 26th my Re- 3 solutions were presented , and ordered to be printed . The discussion being then fixed as early as the Monday following The 29th , I took the liberty of requesting that the printer might send a proof copy of my Resolutions not only to me , but to those gentlemen whom I thought likely to take a leading part on the opposite side in the discussion ; and this mark of my attention and respect , to which they are so fully entitled , is now sarcastically called a first edition . On Monday the 29th , the Resolutions came from the printer , and were delivered , to the members in general : and this make the second edition . The debate being postponed for a few days , and accounts having been presented during the interval which enabled me to state more exactly a few of the sums mentioned in the Resolutions , and to bring some of them down to a more recent date than I had done before ; instead of making such corrections , and a few others merely verbal , when the resolutions were to be actually proposed I desired for the sake of general convenience , that they might be reprinted : —and this form the third edition ; and if any gentleman will take the trouble