( Mr. Whitbread ) , as having become a proselyte to new opinions . This is a point which I think it necessary to explain . In the year 1797 , I happened to be a member of the House , when the restriction on the payments of cash at the Bank of England was first established . I was then inclined to believe , that the continuation of that restriction would be injurious to the commercial and general interests of the country , and that it was possible to form a plan by which the payment of cash at the Bank might soon be resumed . Those ideas I stated to the public in a short tract , which has often been invidiously quoted by those who concur in the doctrines of the Bullion Committee . It is absurd , however , to contend , that the opinions of men , like the laws of the Medes and Persians , should be perfectly unalterable , and that no change of circumstances , no further experience , no new and decisive facts , should make any impression on the mind of one , anxious to ascertain the truth , and open to conviction . My object then was , to maintain a system which I thought had materially tended to promote the prosperity of the country . My object now is , to maintain another system , which I am convinced has answered the public interest better ; and if the hon . gent. , ( Mr. Whitbread ) , 158 will produce a third system , that will promote the public interest more effectually than either , it will find a friend and advocate in me . In regard to the general subject , connected with the Bullion Report , it has been so ably discussed in the debates which have already taken place in this House , and has been so fully treated of , not only in an endless succession of pamphlets , but in daily , weekly , monthly , quarterly , and every other species of periodical publication , that it seems to be in a great measure exhausted . I should wish , however , with the permission of the House , very shortly to state to it , first , the nature of our paper currency at this time , according to my conception of it ; and next , to point out how that currency differs from those of America and of France , which were at first depreciated , and afterwards totally failed . It is the more necessary to dwell upon that circumstance , as the members of the Bullion Committee , and their abettors out of doors , take advantage of those failures , to throw a slur on the solidity of our medium of circulation , though in point of fact there is no , earthly resemblance between them . An hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Davies Giddy ) , who has spoken with great ability on this question , but who has given way to an unfortunate bias in favour of the Bullion system , in the course of one of our late debates , divided currencies into two sorts , one possessing an intrinsic , and the other an ideal value . I am rather inclined , however , to prefer the terms , metallic , and representative . In regard to a metallic currency , it is singular that in China , which contains the greatest mass of population ever collected under one government , ( it is stated by Mr. Barrow at above three hundred millions of souls ) , the precious metals should be considered merely as merchandize , and that when foreign coins are even imported into that country , they should be immediately converted into ingots of silver , and what are called shoes of gold . It appears from a work of authority lately published ( Kelly 's Cambist ) , that there is but one kind of money in China , which is used for small payments , called cash , consisting of six parts copper and