itself to defeat the remedy of the creditor , to compel payment of his debt in the lawful coin of the realm , by holding a payment in Bank-notes , for goods sold by a sheriff , to be a legal payment : nor could it prevent a sheriff , who should think fit to refuse any other medium of payment than coin , however ruinous to the property of the debtor . Neither could the owner of goods distrained , as I conceive , bring an action for excessive distress taken , if the property sold , whatever might be its value , did not produce more in coin , upon the sale , than the amount of rent actually due ; and in the latter case , the sale rests , in the first instance at least , with the person distraining , or his bailiff . What relief a court of equity could give , under all the circumstances , it is not for me to venture to pronounce ; but I am sure relief , in such a case , the subject is entitled to receive , and further , that his just claim is to receive relief , not circuitously , and by an expensive or dubious process in chancery , but that his protection should be clear decisive , and direct . 947 In any ordinary case of public difficulty , in its nature constituting a clear impediment to the sale of properly for any thing approaching to its true value , to enforce a sale would be inconsistent with justice . In cases of foreclosure of mortgage in time of war , this principle has been already recognized : but the present case does not depend simply upon general grounds of equity ; it arises out of an express provision of law , prohibiting the Bank from fulfilling its engagement with the holders of Bank notes ; and the question is , whether the arm of the law shall be directed against the debtor , to compel him to perform that , which an act of the legislature , enacted for the wisest purposes , and for the general good , has rendered it impracticable for him to perform . If such is the law of the case , and that the debtor holds his property , under the impossibility of turning his notes into gold , and even his personal liberty at the mercy of his creditor , I may venture to appeal to those who now countenance lord King 's demand to be paid in coin , whether they believe , that such a system was contemplated when the Suspension Act passed in 1797 , as one which could be acquiesced in , if attempted to be enforced . Upon what ground was it that Mr. Pitt resisted the late sir Francis Bering 's suggestion of at once making Bank notes a legal tender ? Upon what grounds did he resist the precise proposition which the present Bill contains , when moved by a Worthy alderman ( Combe ) and supported by Mr. Fox , but on the ground of both being , as things then stood , unnecessary ? That Mr. Pitt 's judgment was not very erroneous in so deciding , the uninterrupted experience of fourteen years sufficiently proves ; during which extended period , not a single instance has occurred , in Great Britain , not withstanding the price of gold has been at times much beyond the Mint price ( in 1801 as high as 4l . 6s . ) , of any creditor , landlord or other , refusing to accept notes of the Bank of England , at par , in payment of a debt . It was the policy of Parliament , at that time , to avoid , if possible , any enactment on this delicate point ; they trusted that the universal conviction , which pervaded ail mankind , of the solidity of the security on which Bank notes were issued , as well as of the importance , for the interest of all , that their credit should be upheld ,