lord 's argument was but conjecture , and conjecture professedly grounded upon that which justified an opposite conjecture . There was excited at the time of that painful discussion , a feeling of irritability in the public mind , which the duke of York knowing himself to have been the inadvertent cause of , might have felt it his duty to endeavour to allay , or to remove at the expence of any personal sacrifice . Might he not have felt it a duty to try to compose , by his resignation , the industriously excited feelings of the public , which might in its consequences have created embarrassments to his father 's government ? This he thought to be at least as probable , and certainly as charitable a conjecture of the motives of his royal highness in retiring , as that presumed by the noble lord . He should follow the becoming example set him by the noble lord , and confine himself to the result of the inquiry , without dwelling upon the circumstances that led to that result , or animadverting upon the transactions which had come to light since that inquiry ( hear ! hear ! ) though he thought that he might deviate from such a rule , at least to this extent , if no further . He might venture to put it to the noble lord , or any other gentleman in or out of that House , whether he believed that if that House had been then aware of that conspiracy , which had been since discovered ( Hear ! hear ! ) —if they had been apprized of those honourable arts by which the evidence in that inquiry had been come at , prepared , and brought forward—if they then understood the true nature of those noisy pretensions to high and exclusive patriotism which were at that time put forth so vauntingly ; if they had then known how to appreciate the angry virtues and indignant independence of these patriotic inquirers into corruption ; —if they had known but all , where was the man who would say that such knowledge would not have had its due effect ? He did not mean to say that it would necessarily have altered the result , but surely much , if not all , of that irritation of feeling which then so unhappily prevailed , could never have been excited ; and therefore that motive which had induced his royal highness to retire , might not have been created . 481 As to the Resolution stating that the resignation of the duke of York rendered farther proceedings unnecessary , he begged leave to remind the noble lord that it was proposed and agreed to that the word `` now '' should be left out in order to preclude the possibility of supposing that it was the wish of the House to erect a perpetual bar against the return of his royal highness to office , but the fair inference from that Resolution was not that because of the duke 's resignation that House did not feel it necessary to take any steps to compass an object already effected . That was not the fair construction , because the Resolution simply stated that the duke of York having resigned , that House did not feel it necessary—to do what ? to pass a censure upon him ? —No ; —to vote his incapacitation ? —No ; —but did not feel it necessary to go further into the consideration of the minutes of evidence . This , he contended , pledged the House to nothing . If it had been the object of the House , that the further inquiry was to cease only so long as his royal highness continued out of office , that would have appeared on the Journals ? But when the Resolution appeared without limit or time , and not stating it to be the meaning of the House that his royal highness should not again be restored to his office , it would be unjust in any ministry , it would be cruel and unjust towards the individual