the one which had been proposed could have no other effect than to aggravate and increase the existing inconvenience . said , that his experience in the Court of Chancery , for twenty two years , had led him to conclude ; that the business of that court had greatly increased ; and hence , in part , originated the delay complained of . With the Report of the Lords before the House , the proposed enquiry appeared to him ill-timed and improper , and the House ought to suspend their opinion till the measure proposed by their lordships came before them in the shape of a Bill . He paid some high compliments to the talents of the present Lord Chancellor , who was equally distinguished for his enlarged 442 comprehension of the principles of equity and for his practical knowledge of the business of his court . entered into an examination of the Report which had been received from the other House of Parliament . The measure of creating another Master of the Rolls would not diminish the business of the Chancellor : it would only increase the number of appeals , for the suitors would be anxious to repair to the last resort , while it would impose a new expence on the public , and give the crown additional patronage . The Court of Chancery , as now constituted , was competent to the dispatch of all its business . What was to hinder the Master of the Roils , for instance , from sitting at the same time with the Chancellor ? At present he only sat in the evening . The Report of the Lords , though it stated the number of appeals from Scotland , was extremely defective in not stating how many were received every year , and how many were decided . He knew this fact , that at the time of the union with Ireland , he was employed as counsel in the very last case of appeal that then stood on the roll ; and now they were multiplied to the number of 260. rose to reply . He observed , that after the unanswerable arguments which his hon . friends had advanced in support of his motion , it would be intruding on the House , were he to occupy much more of their time . The delay in the dispatch of business could not admit of a doubt , and the House of Commons , who were the guardians of public justice , were now called upon to investigate whether those evils were owing to temporary causes , or to some radical defect in the nature and constitution of the tribunal itself ? This was all he now asked of them to do . But it had been asserted , that the great increase of business had produced the delay complained of . He denied that there had been any sufficient evidence to prove the actual increase of business . The Report before them did not justify any such issue . It did not follow from any part of that Report , that the business had increased to such a degree as to require an additional judge . The arrear was , no doubt , enormous ; but were they sure that the appointment of an additional judge would have the effect of expediting the dispatch of business ? He thought , on the contrary , that it would rather contribute to retard it ; because the great majority of suitors would 443 not rest finally contented with the hearing given their respective causes by the additional judge , and would bring it to be reheard before the Chancellor himself ; so that the obvious effect resulting from that appointment would be , that most cases would be twice heard . If there was no other reason for going into the Committee , he thought it to be a conclusive one , the necessity of ascertaining the causes of the delay which , as yet could have been presumed only , and not discovered after a fair and patient investigation—and if they did not know the cause