pudding than so much empty praise . The clause proposed was an absolute nullity , as far as concerned the Bill . said , if the meaning of the clause was as it had appeared to his hon . friend , the clause was defectively worded . He surely meant that the same premises used by a distiller at the time of passing the act , might be used for the purposes of this clause . He believed the measure would be found more advantageous for all parties than when there was no intercourse . Could it be expected , then , that Ireland would give op her home market for the chance of exporting ? And if the House had no absolute right to prevent this , would not the introduction of such a clause be an indirect mode of preventing that which openly and directly they had no right to prevent ? alluded to the boons which had lately been conferred on Scotland , in grants for her roads , bridges , and canals ; and to the grants to our colonies on the ceast of Africa , & c. ; and argued , that as the distillery was the only branch in which it was alledged that Ireland had at all been favoured at the Union , it would be unjust and ungenerous totally to deprive her of that the only boon she had received . contended that the Union was founded on principles of reciprocity , and that whatever was unprovided for in this respect , ought to be done away with . What was this measure , but that the Irish distillers should pay no duties and 630 no drawbacks ? The right hon . gent . had said , that he would not recommend this as a permanent measure . He would ask , how-ever , why it ought not to be kept as perfect , as if it were a permanent measure ? Two years ago the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland had trusted to a great increase in the revenue from the consumption of spirits ; but in this he had failed . Then the duty was again lowered , that the consumption might be increased . What the country had gained , however , in revenue , she had lost in morals , as the hospitals of Dublin could tell . Morals and industry were the strength and riches of the country ; and , as going to under-mine both , the present seemed to him one of the worst measures that could be adopt-ed . Rather than agree to such a Bill he would have the intercourse suspended till next session . again protested against the principle of the Bill , and also against its details . He did not wish to require that the Irish distiller should have two places for carrying on his business , but only that he should give two days notice before proceeding to convert his operations from distilling for home consumption to distillation for exportation , and that in the mean time his work should be suspended . What he complained of was that every thing in those regulations was given to Ireland . Gentlemen said that suspending the intercourse was infringing the Union . Would they say , however , that the imposing of drawbacks did not infringe the Union ? If this was not so , then was his argument gone . If it was , then was there a fallacy in saying that he was guilty of a breach of the Union who recommended that out of which a solid and substantial benefit arose , and that he was not guilty of such breach who was for giving an unfair and undue advantage . The right hon . gent . said that the distillers in Scotland would be able to avail themselves of the privilege of warehousing which he pro-posed . There were only two persons in Scotland , however , who would be able to do so ; and for that reciprocity all Ireland was to be enabled to send spirits into England . He