was an ex post facto law , altering the state of all contracts that had been previously entered info . The necessities of the state might possibly require this , but such was its effect ; and that it particularly deserved the attention of lawyers no one could deny . The hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) had expressed a hope—a hope which had been sadly disappointed—that it would be distinctly stated how the law stood at present before an alteration was made in it . Nothing could be worse than leaving men in doubt of what the law was , and leaving the matter entirely to the discretion of the judges . He had heard such language on this head as filled him with astonishment . One of the bank directors had said that the law would be too strong for those who attempted to demand payments in gold , and a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had expressed his confidence that the energy of the judges would prevent the success of any such attempts [ Lord Castlereagh signified that the honourable and learned gentleman was mistaken . ] If he had mistaken the noble lord , he should be better pleased to apologize for it than to have to answer such an argument . It was their duty to make prominent the defect '' of the measure , that it might be explained and corrected by the legislature , instead of leaving it to subordinate public officers to alter the law by some new practice . No- 1100 thing was more to be deplored than such a mode of proceeding . It was extremely desirable that they should ascertain what the law actually was , before it should be altered , and shew the way in which it would operate , as there might be many cases subject to it which the supporters of this measure never had in their contemplation . Leaving the financial part of the question to others , he should confine himself to the legal part of it . He understood the law at present , to be , that if any one was arrested and tendered the amount in bank notes , he was immediately entitled ' to his discharge . This was wise , for he thought , or at least it was an opinion that might very well be entertained , that no one ought to be arrested at all on mesne process . It was a thing peculiar to our law , and no doubt was often converted into an engine of oppression . Persons swore to their debts , arrested their alledged debtors , who in many instances might find it difficult speedily to procure bail , when it often turned out on the trial of the action , that there was no debt at all , or at least that the debt was trifling . But at any rate it was wise to free the person from arrest , upon the tender of bank notes , when gold perhaps could not suddenly be procured . But if the creditor had a judgment , he could compel the debtor to pay in gold . There could , be apprehended , be no doubt on that subject . If he were to levy from the goods of his debtor , he must sell them himself , and the sheriff probably could get nothing except banknotes . But he would not take that course ; he would proceed against the person ; and what judge could prevent him from taking his legal remedy ? He might shut up his debtor in gold , perhaps for the remainder of his life , unless the legislature were to adopt one of those violent measures which they had lately been in the habit of resorting to ; he meant an Insolvency Bill . The only resource of a prisoner in this situation was to send a larger amount of Bank-notes into the market to purchase gold . This was hard , but it was a great deal harder to force the debtor to remain in confinement by forbidding him to