importance should pass over like a matter of course without any observation . Although the passing of Insolvent Bills , from time to time , became necessary from the defect of our laws , the very necessity of them was a reproach to our law . He thought that it would be infinitely better , that some general act should be passed on some fixed principle : for example , that after an imprisonment of twelve , or six months , or any other fixed time , any debtor should be intitled to his liberty on his giving up his property . By the existing law the creditor was entitled to imprison his debtor for life , yet the legislature found that this was a system on which it 744 was impossible to act . It appeared to him , that it would be much better to amend the defect of the system by a general law ; and he highly approved of the principles of a Bill brought in in another place ' ( lord Redesdale 's Bill ) , although he thought it was capable of improvement in some of its clauses . hoped , that by the next session gentlemen would be disposed to acknowledge the propriety of passing some general act upon this subject ; as the Insolvent acts now operated , they did almost as much evil as good , as they certainly let out a great number of fraudulent debtors . was extremely sorry that it was not in his power to propose some measure for the relief of the Petitioners . He was glad , however , that the Petition had been referred to a Committee , as the Petitioners themselves would be better satisfied , when they found that although the House could give no relief , they had bestowed their serious attention to the case which had been laid before them . It was certainly a most afflicting consideration , that in the town of Manchester and its vicinity there were no less than 25,400 persons , who had in some shape or another , received parish relief in the present year observed , that the Report of the Committee being now before the House , it must be disposed of in some regular manner . suggested , that it was the usual course in such cases for some gentleman to move the farther consideration of the Report at some day beyond the probable duration of the session . rose to move that the Report be taken into farther consideration that day month . He said that the conduct of the Petitioners throughout was highly praise-worthy , and such as must excite the greatest sympathy for their misfortunes . He , however , deprecated the idea of reviewing the general policy of the government of the country in an investigation of this nature . If any gentleman saw anything wrong in the general policy of the government , —it should be brought forward as a substantive measure , and not blended with the sufferings of any particular class of 745 people . This might excite all the bad passions , and those most dangerous to the state , without doing the least service . If any particular manufacture fell into disuse , the only remedy the persons employed , in it could have , was either to work at lower prices , or to employ their labour in some other manner . He thought that many , of our manufacturers would be obliged to turn their attention to agriculture , which would make this country independent of the rest of the world . He thought it was necessary to extinguish any hope of their meeting relief in any other manner . said , that should the case of the Petitioners come before the House next session , he should then feel it to be his duty to enquire into the causes that led to their distresses . in referring to the orders in council , did not think that as yet the advantages arising from them were so great , or the dangers to be apprehended from their continuance so alarming