greeted , might have taken that opportunity to oppress those in their power , expecting to meet with the same countenance . The hon . and learned gentleman , in speaking of tenants , had expressed himself in a very extraordinary manner , calling them fraudulent debtors , and contending that it was but just that they should be called upon to pay their landlords in cash , as they were supposed to have regulated the prices of the produce of their land , by a reference to the alleged depreciation of Bank paper . In his opinion , the man who granted a lease at 100l . per annum , and then a few years after called upon a tenant to pay 120l . on such ground , was guilty of oppression . With such oppressions he by no means meant to charge the noble lord . The hon . and learned gentleman had said , the remedy was quite easy , and had taken occasion to make some observations on the courage displayed by ministers . He hoped ministers would always have sufficient courage firmly to oppose the designs of our implacable enemy . His efforts to ruin this country had thus far proved abortive . We bad foiled him in arms ; and now , finding us as resistless on land , as he had proved us on the ocean , ail his energies were directed against our finances . He had for this purpose had recourse to measures which had never been resorted to in any former war . Not only had he exerted his utmost influence to shut us out of all the ports of the continent , but he had burnt and confiscated our merchandise 940 wherever he could find it , and to injure our credit , prevented the payment of bills on this country , when the parties concerned were desirous of paying them , and returned them to the drawers . With respect to what the hon . and learned gentleman had said , as to the possibility of getting a supply of gold in the same way as we got a supply of wine , he contended that it by no means followed , because a cask of wine could be procured , that a cask of gold was to be had with equal ease . The tyrannic system adopted by Buonaparté would not even suffer the commercial debts of merchants to be paid . But the hon . and learned gentleman said there was plenty of gold to be got in America , and the mines of Spain and Portugal were open to us . How was it to be got ? Would they give it to us ? If not , how did the hon . and learned gentleman think we could obtain it , when he had been told that the markets of Spanish America were so completely supplied with British produce , that they would not take a single bale of goods from us , and could not be expected to afford a mart for our merchandise for some time . How could the hon . and learned gentleman think we could get gold from that quarter , under such circumstances ? Did he suppose they would give it to us , or did he wish us to commit an act of piracy , and seize it by force ? If , however , it could be gained , what advantage would be derived to this country ? He would suppose for a moment that it could be gained ; if 5,000 ton of gold were now imported into England , coined , and put into circulation , while gold continued at its present high price , we should still be in our present condition , as not a guinea would remain in circulation . The guineas would vanish as fast as they were issued from the Mint , be melted down , and again exported as bullion . What benefit , then , could result from thus procuring gold , even if it were practicable ? The hon . and learned gentleman , while censuring