what must be the consequence if in such a state of affairs our internal circulation was stopped ; what must be the inevitable effect upon our trade , manufactures , agriculture , and all the sources of our internal wealth . Would his right hon . friend , thinking as he did of the importance of our exertion in Portugal , discontinue those exertions , : unless gold could be procured in Portugal ; at no greater premium than what it would cost to send it from this country to Portugal ? Those indeed , who disapproved of the efforts that we were making abroad , and thought that peace ought to be obtained at any price , might not concur with , him in his argument ; but knowing the opinion entertained by his right hon . friend , of the importance of our foreign exertions , he was really unable to account for the sentiments he had delivered upon this question . He entreated his right hon . friend to consider what must have been the consequence if the original proposition had been agreed to . His right hon . friend had not , indeed , concurred in the opinion that the Bank ought to be compelled to resume its cash payments in two years , though , in point of consistency , he ought to have adopted that part of the Resolution , upon the same principle that he 127 adopted the others . His right hon . friend , however , seemed delighted when the Resolution for compelling the Bank to resume its cash payments was negatived ; he seemed to have got rid of a burthen which had encumbered him ; and it was natural that he should ; because however he might be misled by the-general abstract principles , which were not applicable to times like the present , it was impossible that he could shut his eyes to the fatal consequences that must have resulted from the adoption of such a measure.—The right hon . gentleman then adverted to the subject of exchange , and said , that the exchange between this country and Madras and Calcutta was in our favour , and had been for a long time improving . Now , if the principle of the gentlemen on the other side was a correct one , it would apply generally . If it was true , that the excess of our paper currency had turned the balance of exchange against us , why did not that excess produce the same effect at Calcutta , as it was contended it had done at Hamburgh . The answer was plain ; the exchange with Calcutta was in our favour , because Buonaparté 's restrictions could not there impede our trade ; and the result would be the same wherever commerce was unshackled . It was therefore obvious , that the unfavourable course of exchange arose from the impediments which Buonaparté had thrown in the way of trade , and not from an over issue of Bank paper , as had been contended by the gentlemen on the other side.—He begged here to repeat an observation which he had made on a former night , because-gentlemen had persisted in the same line of argument . They had , in order to prove that paper was depreciated , compared it with bullion , instead of comparing it with coin . It was obvious , that there was a difference in value between gold in coin and gold in bullion , because the latter could be exported , and the former legally could not . The bullion for that purpose , was of course more valuable . It was not therefore fair to compare paper with bullion ; but compared with coin he contended it was not in any degree depreciated . As to the security of Bank notes , he should contend that , when the Exchequer received in payment every quarter almost as many Bank notes as were in currency , that this alone afforded a very considerable security , and was lively to preserve their value , and their credit in circulation .