should not go over the arguments on this subject , agreeing as he did , with the Chairman of the Bullion Committee , and with the gentlemen who had followed him , in supporting that side of the question ; but he begged to say a few words by way of illustration . He had never before heard of an non-convertible paper currency . Such an idea had always been treated as a vision , a scheme , a chimera . It might be carried on for a while , but could never be regarded as a standard . Our paper might be depreciated in four different ways : first , in sending supplies , pay , & c. to our armies abroad : Second , in our imports : third , in our exports : and fourthly , as to our situation at home . Under the first of these Beads , we had to send abroad last year , 2s millions , and in consequence of the depreciation of our paper , had to pay 120l . for every 100l . Our imports were 50 millions , and the persons who sent them here : calculated on receiving in return , not what we called the value , but what they found on the continent to be the intrinsic value of the imports , so that here again we had to pay 120l . for every 100l . that being the rate at which our paper was estimated on the continent.—Again , as to our exports ; for what was worth one thousand pounds of our money , those to whom we sent them , would only give 800l . if to be paid for in gold . Bank notes , therefore , were depreciated in all these respects . He could not resolve in his mind any other intrinsic value , but the value merchants put on any commodity . If the standard was found , no matter what it was ; but , till found , every thing must be in confusion . If the Committee chose to confess that the paper currency was depreciated 20 per cent , and then to say , let it stand as it is , he had no objection . But the standard must be ascertained . Paper had a tendency to increase , and would go on increasing , if not checked . It had been said , that there would be a hardship in calling on people to make payments in gold now , when it was at an increased price . This was an evil , however , which would go on increasing every year , and ; therefore should be remedied at once . He contended that paper was depreciated , when compared with gold even in respect to articles to : be purchased in this country , and that if he was to go to purchase an article of gold in a jeweller 's shop , He would get it for a smaller propor- 76 tion of gold in coin , than if he were to tender paper in payment of it . He should move as an amendment on the 16th Resolution . That it was highly expedient that the Bank of England should resume payments in specie the moment it could be done consistently with the public safety . The evil could only be remedied by a firm determination to reduce the paper currency within its proper bounds , and by preparing for a gradual resumption of payments in cash . stated the fluctuations of the exchanges , and compared them with the issues of the Bank from the year 1756 to the present time . From the amount of the latter and the state of the former , be contended it was evident that the Bank issues had not the effect upon the ex change which had been supposed ; as with reduced issues , the exchange had at various times been reduced , and when those issues were again increased the exchange had recovered . observed , that having , when he before addressed himself to , the House , spoken