had moved for the papers on the subject last session . Wishing to throw every light he could , he had seconded that motion , and from time to time furnished additional papers . All of these went to prove , that there was not the slightest ground for the accusation of the noble lord . Indeed , the House had , una voce , almost , acquitted the law officers of the crown , for the noble lord could only find six members on the division upon his original motion , and when the resolution for acquitting the law officers was proposed , the only vote against it was the noble lord 's ! Under these circumstances , then , the right hon . and learned gentleman trusted the House would agree with him , that there were just grounds for complaining of the conduct of the noble lord , and for thinking that the officers of the admiralty court had been treated with much injustice . He had to assure the noble lord that his charges could not affect him , for he did not now hold the situation of king 's advocate ; had nothing to do with government business ; all his practice being confined to the ecclesiastical court . thought the House would not object to grant the motion . With respect to the rest , he hoped the noble lord would withdraw them . At the same time he felt himself inclined , should the noble lord next session bring forward any motion respecting abuses in the Admiralty court , to support him . He conceived that the interests of the public might have suffered from the very high character which the officers in that court held , he meant the learned judge and advocate . He knew that abuses , notwithstanding their respectable characters , really did exist . Cases had been mentioned to him of abuses , 1001 and to get at the truth or falshood of those cases , he and frequently consulted proctors who confirmed the facts , but desired their names might be concealed . Feeling himself bound in honour not to disclose their names , as the facts were imparted under the veil of secrecy , he should abstain , but it was sufficient that they were in existence to warrant inquiry . from the allusion which the hon . gent . had made to him , was called upon to say a few words . If the hon . gent . had stated to him , in the way he had now described , those facts he had mentioned , he should have enquired into them . He begged to remind the hon . gent . that would have been the proper mode of proceeding . It must be obvious , that the only course was to bring cases of abuse under the cognizance of the regular authority appointed to inquire into and correct them . If he had declined to institute that inquiry , then the next course for the hon . gentleman to have pursued , was to bring them before the notice of the House , and the accusation would be against him for refusing to exercise the authority vested in him . Not having done so , the hon . gentleman must excuse him if he complained of injustice , because the statement appeared to charge him with having refused the aid of his powers . He hoped that for the future the House would not have to enquire into every complaint , un-less it was proved that the courts of justice had tailed in the due execution of their authority . declared , that he had not the slightest intention of making an accusation against the right hon . and learned gent . He was not aware of any abuses which fell within his correction , which had not been attended to . But this he knew , that there were many cases of strong injustice in the admiralty court . The first motion was put and agreed to . The second motion was then proposed by the noble lord , but