convinced that they would not have so ventured , though he thought , that if the consideration of rank made any difference , it ought to have been one more objectionable to those of that rank , than to those below it . There were , he believed , many individuals in the country , one of them had lately died , but that consideration was not necessary to make him abstain from any observation that might appear harsh ; but there were persons who had been similarly circumstanced with the duke of York , who might , if deprivation was punishment , upon equally just grounds , put in their claim to restoration . What would be the difference ? The difference , if any , would be against his royal highness , for the noble lord said he ventured to lay down as a position , perfectly maintainable , that the higher the rank of the person in such a case the more imperious the necessity for that House to interfere . He left it then to the ministers to say , why , if they recommended the re-appointment of the duke of York , they refused to recommend the restoration of lord Melville , not that he meant to institute the remotest comparison between the two cases in their separate details ; but they so far agreed in their result of deprivation of office to both parties , one of whom had been reappointed , and the other had in vain applied to be restored . here called the noble lord to order . He was proceeding to set the noble lord right as to some supposed mistake respecting lord Melville , when a general cry of Chair ! Chair ! called up , who said that the observations of the hon . member did not appear to him to apply to any question of order , and to such only could he then speak . then apologized for the liberty he had inadvertently taken , and sat down . proceeded , in continuation , 476 to press the comparison between the duke of York and lord Melville as far as respected their common deprivation of office , and required to know upon what principle , peculiarly advantageous to the duke of York 's case , he had been re-appointed and lord Melville not . He thought that there was in the difference of rank all that should awaken their jealousy . The higher the personage was , the more cautious the House should be ; and the nearer his alliance to courts , and to the crown , the greater should be the vigilance that pursued his conduct . Upon these grounds , and conceiving that no reason could be adduced to shew that his Royal Highness was more fit in 1811 than in 1809 , he had brought forward his motion . He did not wish to hurt the private feelings of any individual , but he must do his duty ; for if the members of the House of Commons did not in many instances sacrifice their feelings to their justice , it would be impossible that they could discharge their duty to the people . He hoped the House of Commons would vindicate its character upon this occasion : he hoped it would shew that it was not to be treated in an insulting manner , and that the interests of the people were not to be sacrificed to the caprices of an impure administration . Ministers should be reminded that there was no public officer , however exalted his rank , whose responsibility was not within the cognizance of that House ; this had been at all times an useful lesson ; and , in ? his mind , the case he had made out to the House made it necessary now to repeat that lesson , which he should now call upon the House to do , by maintaining their character , in the declaration of their consistency . The noble lord then moved , `` That the entry in the Journal of this House , of the 20th day of