act had passed , and the tenant had nothing to do but to present his notes at the Bank to have them converted into coin . Now what are the tenant 's means at present of procuring guineas to pay his rent ? Can he procure them in exchange for the produce of his farm , without selling that produce at an enormous loss ? Can he procure them in exchange for Bank notes , without giving a premium , and violating the law as it has always been understood to stand , till the late judgment in De Yonge 's case , and as it will stand hereafter if the present Bill shall receive the sanction of the legislature ? But supposing the purchase of gold at a premium not to be illegal , with so much coin shut up in the Bank , so much in the last ten years melted and exported , to what a price must not guineas rise if all tenants upon lease are compellable to pay in coin ? If the local practice of paying rent in gold , a practice in late years confined to the north of Ireland , has had the effect , in the present scarcity of coin , to raise the premium upon guineas as high as 15 per cent . to what height must it not rise , if the competition for the limited supply of coin now in circulation , were to become general throughout the empire ? But it is said the noble lord does not insist upon an actual payment in guineas ; such a demand , in the present absence of coin , it is admitted , would be oppressive : he gives his tenants the option of paying in foreign coin , or standard gold , the weight to be the same as if the payment was to be made in guineas ; or the rent 953 will be accepted in Bank notes , the tenant paying the additional sum requisite to purchase the amount of gold at the market price of the day which the guineas would weigh . The first observation which occurs upon this is , that the relief thus held out is wholly arbitrary in its principle , and , as I shall contend , most unjust in the nature of the criterion by which it is measured . It is arbitrary , inasmuch as it is discretionary , whether it shall or shall not be afforded ; and I must be permitted to observe , that it is not a very pleasant situation for a tenant to stand in , nor a very seemly one for the law to permit him to be placed in , that it should depend upon the indulgence or forbearance of his landlord , whether he shall he confined in a gaol , or his property be dissipated , to procure guineas , the law having deprived him of his accustomed means of procuring them front the Bank . Lord . King , from liberality to his tenant , from a sense of the oppressive consequences of an unqualified demand of coin , may extend to him this , as I shall hereafter contend , most inequitable species of relief ; but what security have we , watching over the interests of all the subjects of the realm , that the process , by which the noble lord is enabled to dictate such terms , as he thinks reasonable , to his tenant , may not , in the hands of a less liberal , perhaps of an oppressive , an avaricious or a vindictive landlord , be made the instrument of consigning many honest tenants to a prison , whilst others may have their property sacrificed by improvident sales , or be deprived , by ejectments , of subsisting interests in beneficial leases . To leave the tenantry of the country under the lash of such a principle of law , if it is the purpose of any individual in the community to call it into activity , I venture to assert , would be wholly inconsistent with the protection which