before the House , he did not conceive that his right hon . friend had the remotest expectation of carrying it this night , however he might be satisfied that the discussion of it would contribute to render , as those discussions ever had ren- 389 dered , when conducted with temper , much service to the cause of the petitioners . But , without adverting to the peculiar crisis , in reference to the provisional government of the country , which , he must be aware , was not suited to produce an immediate departure from deep rooted systems ; he would only beg to remind his right hon . friend of the ceaseless efforts , and untoward circumstances , which operated to prejudice the cause of the petitioners at the present hour . That their old opponents should persevere in their attacks was not to be wondered at , but , he regretted to say , the greater evil arose from circumstances immediately connected with individuals of their own body . Of the first class , he must necessarily refer to the prominent efforts of the right hon . civilian ( Dr. Duigenan ) on the opposite side of the House . It would be inconsistent with the order of debate , to refer to his speeches at an anterior period , further than as he had himself given them to the public through the press : —in reiterated publications he had told the public that the `` Romanists were from conscience , traitors to their country . `` —Opinions not more favourable to the views of the petitioners , had been also maintained with mistaken zeal , and as he had heretofore mentioned , were industriously circulated , through the press , by eminent prelates of the establishment . By one right reverend divine the tenets of the Roman Catholics are held to involve the crime of idolatry , sacrilege , and blasphemy.—By another prelate , that their church arrogates to itself supreme dominion over king : —that they openly profess that no faith is to be held with those of a different communion : and further , that they should be considered and dreaded as the enemies of all laws human and divine , and as such excluded , or driven , from the senate and the army : `` A curiâ et militiâ arcere necesse est : * '' are the words of this right reverend divine ! A third right reverend prelate , in a Charge to his clergy , published since the last debate on this question , and entitled `` The Petition of the Roman Catholics Considered , '' admits , indeed , the moral and civil integrity of Catholics ; but `` that their political integrity is unimpaired , we can not ( says he ) so unreservedly and unexceptionably grant . '' In * Concio apud Synodum Cantuar . æde Paulina habita—1807 . 390 this declaration his lordship however is at issue with the repeated statutes of his present Majesty , which recognise them as `` good and loyal subjects . '' His lordship seems to think it also to be no hardship that the Catholic military should be obliged to attend the established service , provided they are permitted `` likewise to attend their own chapels . '' And he expresses much surprise at `` the querulous language '' of Catholics , in ex pressing disgust at being obliged to be galize their marriages at the altars of the Established Church ; —although the Jew and the Quaker are exempted from a si milar violence to their feelings , by the same act which inforces this necessity upon the Catholic * —These observations of this distinguished prelate are the more extra ordinary , as he has noted in the same charge , the penal injunctions of the church of Rome , in the most express terms , against any attendance at the religious service of another communion . His lordship concludes his charge with a recapitulation of various Catholic plots and massacres , through a succession of centuries , terminating with the Irish rebellion of 1796 , taking his