Malacca , and other places , as well as at the Cape . He would not , however , wish to dwell on this , but put it to the feelings of the House , whether naval officers had any stimulus to do even their duty , when the prizes they took would not pay the fees of the Vice-Admiralty Courts-merely 465 for condemning them ? It had been staled the other day at some meeting or dinner , by a very grave personage , the lord Chancellor , that the ships of France were only to be found in our ports . If that statement were believed by ministers , he should be glad to know why we at this moment kept up 140 sail of the line , and frigates and sloops of war in proportion to that number . His lordship then produced the copy of a Proctor 's Bill in the Island of Malta , which he said measured six fathoms and a quarter , and contained many curious charges . [ The unrolling this copy caused a general laugh , as it appeared long enough to reach from one end of the House to the other . ] This Proctor , the noble lord said , acted in the double capacity of Proctor and Marshal ; and in the former capacity feed himself for consulting and instructing himself as counsel , jury , and judge , which he himself represented in the character of Marshal ; so that all those fees were for himself in the one character , and paid to the same himself in the other . He then read several of the fees , which ran thus—for attending the Marshal ( him-self ) 2 crowns , 2 scudi , and 2 reals ; and so on , in several other capacities in which he attended , consulted and instructed himself , were charged several fees to the same amount . An hon . member , not then in the House , had last year opposed the motion he had brought forward for a Committee to enquire into this subject ; but on seeing these articles of this his own proctor 's Bill , his lordship flattered himself , that the hon . member would now join in the support of the present motion . The noble lord said he had produced the copy of the Bill to shew the length of it . He then shewed the original ; and to shew the equity and moderation of the Vice-Admiralty Court , he read one article , where , on the taxation of a Bill , the court , for deducting 50 crowns , charged 35 crowns for their trouble in doing it . A vessel was valued at 8,608 crowns , and the Marshal received one per cent , for delivering her , and in the end , the net proceeds amounted to no more than 1,900 crowns out of 8008—all the rest had been embezzled and swallowed up in the Prize Court . He was sorry , he said , to trespass on the time of the House , on a day when another matter of importance was to come before them . He pledged himself , however , that no subject could be introduced more highly deserving their serious attention and consideration . He would not trouble 466 them with any thing concerning himself , because he trusted he had a remedy elsewhere . The noble lord then stated , that altering or regulating the fees established by the King in council , for the Island of Malta , was contrary to Act of Parliament ; that when he went to Malta , five years ago , he found the fees very exorbitant ; and in order to prove to the House that the fees demanded now were fees which had been altered since the table of fees was sent out , the noble lord mentioned an instance of thirteen small vessels which had been taken by the gallant captain Brenton , who lately lost his arm in the service , being brought into the Vice-Admiralty Court for condemnation :