thought , to inflict a punishment which would have almost been excessive , if all mankind had been agreed that the publication was really criminal . It was on this ground that he called the attention of the House to the case of Mr. Drakard . The other case was , in his opinion , a much more grievous one . It was that of Mr. Collyer , a dyer , at Manchester , who had been surcharged for the Income tax . He appealed against this surcharge , and being put to his oath before the Commissioners , swore that his income was no more than 160l . whereas the charge was for 300l . This , however , had only been reduced to 250l which Mr. Collyer , conceiving to be unjust , refused to pay . His goods had , in consequence , been distrained , and a horse and cart had been sold . Mr. Collyer found himself injured by this proceeding in two ways . In the first place , many of his neighbours began to consider him as a man in bad circumstances , and by this means his credit in trade had materially suffered : others , again , put a very injurious construction on the matter , and were disposed to consider him as a perjured man , the Commissioners having refused to believe him on oath . He therefore resolved to publish a vindication of his own conduct ) but , being an illiterate man , he did not know how to draw it up , and applied to the editor of one of the Manchester papers , Mr. Cowdroy , stating the circumstances , and desiring him to make up a a statement and publish it in his paper . This was to be paid for as an advertisement : but Mr. Collyer particularly cautioned Mr. Cowdroy to avoid all libellous matter , or any thing that might bring him into difficulty . The editor promised to 599 do this ; and the paper being drawn up , Collyer , not being very capable of judging whether it contained improper matter or not , signed his name to it , paid the money , and it was inserted . Some alterations were made in it afterwards , and it was then carried by Mr. Collyer to the editor of another paper in Manchester , who also inserted it . From this it found its way into a London evening paper , the Statesman , for which the proprietor , Mr. Lovel , was now suffering imprisonment for twelve months . An information was filed against Mr. Collyer for this offence—he was convicted , and sentenced to twelve months imprisonment . The whole of the circumstances which he had stated , appeared in court as he had taken them from an affidavit which must have been read there . Suppose the defence of this man had contained offensive matter—still it might have been a question , whether he ought to be prosecuted , when it was considered that his only reason was to do away the injurious impressions among his neighbours , that he was a man in low circumstances , or that he had been guilty of perjury—but when it was found that he was really not the author of the libel ; that he had even strictly cautioned the person who drew it up not to insert any libellous matter , nor do any thing against law ; it was surely an extreme measure of justice I to punish him with imprisonment for twelve months . He had on a former occasion stated , that at the Old Bailey , persons convicted of felonies , for which by law their lives were forfeited , were sentenced to imprisonment for one , two , or three months , and yet this man , under such circumstances , had been condemned to a year 's imprisonment ! He would row , with the leave of the I House , read this terrible libel , which had called down so heavy a punishment . [ His lordship here read the whole of