against it ? As to the authority of lord Hale , he admitted it to be great , but it was opposed by that of Blackstone , who held that the king 's prerogative did not extend to the debasement of the current coin . In what part of Hale , too , was his opinion found ? It was in a commentary on the reports of cases in Ireland , by sir John Davis . The 145 House was , therefore , called on to declare that lo be a royal prerogative , which even prerogative lawyers had considered doubtful . He was happy to see the crown lawyers in their places on this occasion . contended that all those who had read the Resolution of the hon . and learned gent . must perceive that he had himself subscribed to the opinion of lord Hale . This was the natural arid obvious meaning of his expressions . ( Hear , hear ! from Mr . Wynn . ) He would not be prevented by any vociferation , however offensive , from declaring his opinion . He extolled the value and authority of sir J. Davis 's Reports , and observed that the Resolution before the House did not imply that the prerogative was to be exercised without consent of parliament . vindicated , the right of every member to interrupt another when advancing unsupported assertion ? : , and observed that the case in Ireland , mentioned in the Reports alluded to , took place at a period when Judges travelled in Ireland in the midst of an army . said that as a former Amendment for omitting certain words in the Resolution had been rejected , he should move that there be added to it these words `` and that it is expedient to declare it . '' said , he was indebted to the right hon . mover for thus giving him an opportunity to remark , that the prerogative of altering the denomination of the coin having been limited and defined by a positive statute , he could not conceive what motive could induce any member to call upon the House to contradict by its Resolutions the written law of the land . If in conformity to such a resolution , a proclamation should appear to-morrow for altering or lowering the standard , even by a single grain , of our currency , any man acting in obedience to it would subject himself to all the penalties of the law . With this conviction , he intended , therefore , if the right hon . gent . 's Amendment should be rejected , to propose in lieu of it the following addition— '' and that the weight and fineness of the gold and silver required to be contained in the coins of the realm are fixed and ascertained by H Geo . 3 cap . 96 . '' , though fully sensible of the value of lord Hale 's opinion , knew that both he and lord Coke sometimes committed mistakes in point of law : and that ; he thought that sir Wm . Blackstone , 146 who had all their light , was a great authority too . Sir John Davis laid down such doctrines in favour of prerogative occasionally , that if any lawyer in Westminster-hill should think proper to maintain them at present , it would not much conduce to his reputation . then brought forward his amendment , stating in addition , that the weight of gold and silver was fixed by the 14th Geo . 3 , cap . 96 , which alter a short conversation was negatived . slated it to be his intention to move an amendment to the third Resolution , and he was anxious that the whole question should be adjourned . opposed the adjournment . said this was unfair , as he had never been able to get an opportunity of delivering his sentiments . called the attention of the House to his notice of a motion on the subject of Parliamentary Reform , which stood for that day . Although this was a