an example of a circumstance taking place , which the Bullion Committee positively pronounce to be impossible , namely , a depression of the course of exchange beyond the total expence of the conveyance of specie from one country to the other , without any depreciation of the currency . Nor is the learned gent . 's amendment more correct with respect to the price of bullion . On this point the evidence is not , indeed so direct , but I think it not less conclusive . It appears , by accounts on the table , that from 1702 to 1709 , the Bank bought `` o bullion . Now , as that corporation always buys bullion when it can be procured at , or but little above the Mint price , it is evident they could not at that time obtain any at such a price . In 1709 , some gold was actually purchased at four pounds per ounce , and from that time the purchases continued . This , according to the learned gent . 's next Amendment , would appear to be under the Mint price , which be computes at 4l . 7d . stating , that from the reformation of the coin in the reign of king William , to the fourth of George the first , 16 the guinea passed by law for twenty-two shillings . Here he has fallen into another mistake ; the guinea never passed by law for twenty-two shillings . It was struck as a twenty-shilling piece , and valued accordingly in the Mint indentures . The Mint price of gold should , therefore , be reckoned at 3l . 14s . 2d . ; but not being made a legal tender , it passed at a higher rate by common consent ; and , for a short time , about 1696 , as high as thirty shillings . On the 10th of April 1696 , all persons were forbidden , by Act of Parliament , to pay or receive guineas at a higher rate than twenty-two shillings , but they were not made current money at that rate . ' They soon after fell to twenty-one shillings and sixpence ; and , on the 10th of February 1698 a resolution explanatory of the act of 1696 passed the House of Commons , declaring that no person is obliged to take the guinea for more than twenty one shillings and sixpence , and the receivers of taxes were instructed to take it at that rate . It generally passed at the same value till 1717 , when it was reduced , by Proclamation , to twenty-one shillings , and made current at that rate . The customary value of gold in coin was , therefore , at the time we are speaking of , 3l . 19s . 8¾ . per ounce , but the real Mint price ( as I before said ) 3l . 14s . 2d . These circumstances I should think sufficient to establish the fact that the price of gold from 1702 to 1709 , when it could be procured at all , must have exceeded four pounds per ounce ; but it is abundantly confirmed by the acccounts from the Mint . It appears , that in some years of that period , the Mint stood still entirely for want of bullion . In the whole term of seven years , from 1702 to 1709 , no more than 391,000l . was coined in gold , and 433,000l . in silver , which latter was chiefly procured from the Scottish money recoined at the Union , and from the prizes taken at Vigo . The Mint accounts furnish , indeed , one of the most certain proofs of the plenty or scarcity of bullion , as it is evident from the state of our laws respecting coinage and other well-known circumstances , that money will always be struck when bullion can be obtained at the Mint price . In the latter years , in which the accounts distinguish between the coinage from light guineas and that from foreign gold , the criterion