injurious to the interests of the army , few as the rewards were which were enjoyed by those who embraced a military life in our service . He could not abstain from remarking , that the right hon . gent , opposite , for the purpose of throwing odium on the charge against the duke of York , spoke very lightly of the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , when it operated against his royal highness , but attributed to it considerable weight , when that witness was afterwards employed in swearing a debt off her own shoulders , and in swearing a sum of money into the pockets of a set of swindlers . It had been most clearly established , that Mrs. Clarke had interfered in military matters , and that others of more power had gone still further in suggestions , to the 504 injury of the service , which had been listened to by his royal highness . By these means it had been shewn , that a very valuable officer had sustained a serious injury in his profession . Under all these circumstances , and with the recollection of the decision formerly come to by the House , on evidence contradicted neither then nor since , he thought it impossible to sit quietly under the recent re-appointment , without a distinct expression of the sentiments entertained by parliament , on a subject into which they had formerly thought it their duly so minutely to inquire . did not feel astonished that the hon . baronet should take up the case of his royal highness the Commander in Chief , in the manner he had done , and consider it as unaltered , notwithstanding what had passed since the House came to their former determination ; neither was he surprised that the hon . baronet should conceive , that were the testimony of Mrs. Clarke to be expunged altogether from the evidence , the culpability of his royal highness would appear to him to be not less distinctly proved . He , however , fancied , there were few who entertained similar opinions to the hon . baronet , on this subject—opinions which he had not the least inclination to attempt to shake . There were those , however , who were inclined to support the motion of the noble lord , on the ground , that the re-appointment of his royal highness to the office of Commander in Chief , was in defiance of the recorded opinion of , and disrespectful to , the House of Commons , and in direct opposition to the opinion of the public . He , however who thought that it was neither of these , must be allowed to say a few words on the subject . And in the first place , how could it be called disrespectful to the House No one had ventured to contend that such an appointment ought to have received the sanction of parliament . It therefore came to this , that there must be something on the journals declaratory against the propriety or expediency of such re-appointment . But where was this ? It had been already shewn by his right hon . friend , that no record of this kind was in existence . Unquestionably , an opinion of that nature pervaded the speeches of some hon . members during the investigation , but there was some difference between the opinions of a few individuals and the vote of the 505 House , and it was not very fair in them to set up their opinions as the proper standard , far less as the general decision So much for the records on the Journals of the House . As for the defiance of public opinion , if that public opinion were adverse to the duke of York , to the extent alleged by some hon . gentlemen , then certainly ministers would have incurred a heavy responsibility , by having advised the re appointment of the Duke of York . But he denied the fact . It had been asserted that since the year 1809 , nothing had transpired to occasion