and ' I think ; ' and he thought wrong . He had said he had no objection to the character of the Catholics ; and yet , before the Catholics could destroy the church , they must be perjured . This is the having no objection to the character , to suppose them perjured . He had called him ( Mr. Grattan ) the Declaimer for the Catholics ; he ( Mr. Grattan ) said that the right hon . gent . was the De-claimer for Bigots ; and if ever there was one declamation without any share of truth or eloquence , it was that speech which he had made that night against one-fifth of his Majesty 's subjects . He had given another reason for their disabilities : the Catholics serve in your army and navy [ a laugh from the opposite side . ] The hon . gentlemen laugh ; but gentlemen who side with ministers are accustomed 427 easily to laugh . What did he mean but this , when he said , if you had their service under the disabilities , why remove them ? Well , then , he gave up his charge ; he allowed they were base , because what pretence could he have to refuse these privileges , but disaffection ? If that be his conviction let him refuse them . But if the Catholics were bravely serving in your army at the expence of their blood , that argument could not be too justly abominated . It shewed how much men could be carried away by fanaticism and bigotry . What was the solidity of the argument , that , if the Catholics fought well in the army abroad , they would fight equally well under degradation at home . He strives against you at home because you oppress him ; and he fights for you abroad because you there trust him . It was easy to point a repartee to any thing , but it was not so easy for the right hon . gent to point an argument . Because the Roman Catholic pays your Church and fights your battles , therefore he is to be disqualified . The right hon . gent . had shewed in this a higher spirit of bigotry than he could have expected from a politician ; but his country would shew him that it was not in the power of a declamatory minister to prevent the Catholics from obtaining their object . He had maintained that the Roman Catholic having a religion , was in itself no disqualification , and that if he was free from treasonable practices , he stood precisely as any other Dissenter who was a Protestant . Would they , without inquiry , refuse to admit that portion of their fellow-subjects to a participation of privileges , whose loyalty could not be impeached . The right hon . gent . had shewn no reason why they should be either excluded from the state or the army , and that seemed to him to be sufficient for disqualifying himself from continuing to be minister of the country . rose to present a Bill for the temporary relief of Insolvent Debtors . During a recent discussion of a measure of a similar tendency , it was generally acknowledged that although that Bill could not be admitted in its present shape , still some Bill in the form of the temporary Insolvent Bill , which had been adopted of late years , was expedient , indeed absolutely necessary , from the overflowing State of our prisons with unfortunate persons of this description . Finding that noble lord took up the hint , he had resolved not to let the session close without some measure , however imperfect ; and although he did not approve of the principle , or the provisions of such temporary bills , yet feeling the absolute necessity of some measure of the sort , he had prevailed upon himself to introduce one , which he did , however , upon the understanding that the Bill adhered to the principle of his noble and learned friend 's