. When he said this , he could not see any ground for the despondency which had gone abroad respecting the resources of the country , and that the public debt was a clog to the country . He was of a totally different opinion , and he thought that without the public debt the country could not maintain any thing like the forces which it at present maintained . The deficiency of our finances did not exceed 20 or 21 million , and after deducting what was covered by the Sinking Fund , we had no occasion to borrow more than 10 million . Now , if we could only retrench five millions from our present expenditure , and raise an additional five million of taxes , the remainder of the deficiency would be covered by the Sinking Fund , and the future increase of the Sinking Fund might be applied towards a reduction of the national debt . Were this system adopted , and persevered in with constancy for any length of lime , it would give the country a new degree of confidence . It was true that nothing but a sense of the present danger , and of the ruin which was hanging over the country , would induce the people to agree to such an increase of their burdens ; but when he considered that in one year lord Sidmouth laid on new taxes to the amount of 12 million , he thought that this sum of 10 million might be raised , in some way or other , by retrenchment and new taxes . This Bill , he thought , would preserve the subject from all actions and ejectments , and so forth ; but still , however , he was convinced 897 that something of a more permanent nature ought to be resorted to . said , that after hearing the speech of the hon . gent . who had just sat down , it was impossible for him to give a silent vote on the present occasion . More monstrous doctrine he had never heard in that House than the doctrine which had just fallen from the hon . gent . He pitied the members who had left the House two months ago , after they had been told by the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the present question had been then set at rest . He told them then , that the intrinsic value of Bank notes was not equal to their nominal value ; and this the right hon . gent . did not choose to dispute ; but he solved the difficulty by stating , that Bank notes were equal to guineas in the public estimation . After having reported this to their constituents , it was rather unfortunate that one of the first things they should hear of was , that Bank notes were to be made a legal tender . And who were the advocates for this measure ? Its advocates were two of the most suspicious characters in the world—the Chancellor of the Exchequer and a Bank Director.— ( Hear , hear ! ) Much had been said about sounding an alarm ; but no person could give occasion to a more well founded alarm than the gentleman who had just sat down . When he heard such monstrous doctrines , he thought the only safety for the country Was to take the alarm , that they might save their property from destruction . The hon . gent . had said that the Bank had no interest in the present state of things . He believed , however , that there was an understanding between the Bank Directors and the Chancellor of the Exchequer on this subject ; and he believed that even if such men as lord Stanhope and lord King had never lived they would have fallen on this plan , because it had been avowed by the right hon . gent . over the way , that such a plan was in Mr. Pitt 's mind . He did not believe that Mr. Pitt was of opinion that a compulsory tender would be