fatal consequences . If every man of great landed property were to demand guineas for their rent , would the farmer be enabled to pay them in that coin ? would he not rather say , if a depreciation of 18 or 20 per cent had taken place , and the landlord should demand 120l . for 100l . rent ; `` no , I paid you last year 100l . and I have no advantage this year which allows me to pay you 120l . therefore I can not . '' Such conduct on the part of the noble lord , if followed , would lead to practical evils , especially among country bankers . If a country banker did not on demand pay his notes under 5l . in gold , he was liable to have a distress issued by the next magistrate within ten days after his refusal , the consequence of such proceeding would be the total destruction of all country banks ; he thought ministers were entitled to the thanks of the country , for having brought the bill forward , or at least given it their support . was not disposed to return the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer his thanks for the Bill ; on the contrary he thought it most unfortunate . The conduct of lord King , which led to its introduction , he had heard panegyrised and extolled , but he believed , much as that conduct had been applauded by certain persons , there was not a respectable landlord in the country who would follow his example . Parliament , in his opinion , ought to have trusted to the confidence and honour of the country , and have rejected it altogether . The hon . gent , conceived that the House ought to be in possession of the best legal authorities in the land , as to the question whether the Sheriff 's officer would be liable , in case of hurry and confusion , or what redress the tenant would obtain in a court of equity . In his opinion the only radical cure that could be resorted to , was , that of a limitation of the paper currency , which would be the means of extricating the country out of the embarassing situation into which it was plunged . would not detain the House at that late hour of the night with any detailed discussion of the Bill before them , but would endeavour to confine himself to a few observations 975 upon what had fallen from some of the hon . gentlemen opposite to him . However , in some points of view which his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) who spoke last , seemed to differ from him in his consideration of the measure , yet respecting the principle of it , he did not differ in opinion from his hon . friend . What was most to be apprehended was an imitation of the conduct of the noble lord which had given occasion to the Bill : a conduct upon which such studied and profuse panegyric had been heaped , that it was no wonder it should invite and encourage imitation , though he by he means imagined that his hon . friend would be among those who could be tempted by the example , or who would recommend the imitation of it to others . There were those , however , who appeared so enamoured of the conduct of the noble lord , who extolled it with such loud cheerings , and such extravagance of praise , that it was evident that it was not only in theory , but in heart , they espoused the conduct and the example held out by that noble lord . When , however , the consequences with which the imitation of that conduct might be attended , were seriously considered , he would not hesitate to characterise that conduct in the effects to which it might give rise , as a conduct as improper , as dangerous , and as mischievous as any of which any individual could be