received from his royal highness the Prince Regent , in answer to the Address of the House , relative to Mr. Palmer 's claims . The answer which his royal highness had been advised by ministers to give to that Address , conveyed the grossest possible insult on that House , going , as it did , to express a doubt of the inclination , or of the ability of the House to make good any sums which his royal highness might order to be issued in consequence of an Address of that House . He had given his notice on this subject , in consequence of having seen a printed paper , purporting to give an account of the proceedings in another place , in which it was stated , that his Majesty 's ministers had advised the Prince Regent not to accede to the recommendation of the House . Nothing but imperious duty could have induced him to postpone such a motion beyond the earliest possible moment at which it could be brought forward ; but he was under an absolute necessity of going to the country , and could not be in the House sooner than Thursday ; he therefore now gave notice , that if no other member chose to bring the matter under the consideration of the House before that day , he should then submit a motion on the subject , although he should thereby be obliged to postpone another matter of importance which stood for that day , it being his intention that the present subject should take the precedence . He now moved , That the Answer of his royal highness the Prince Regent to the Address of that House be read . said , he had no objection to accede to the present motion , nor to the bringing forward of that of which the hon . gent . had given '' notice , but he would say now , as he would maintain , when the subject was properly before the House , that there was no insult contained in the Answer , nor any thing unbecoming the high personage from whom it came , or the ministers who advised it . He should do no more at present than shew his readiness to take up the challenge of the hon . gent . And he was convinced , that when the discussion should take place , the House would be satisfied that the censure of the hon . gent . upon the proceeding was unfounded and misapplied . said , that if there was any instance on the Journals of a similar answer to an Address of that House , the minister who advised it might perhaps be justified , but he defied them to produce any such instance . In the present instance the privileges of the House were attacked . He would contend it was the case ; for the power of the House to make good its engagement , was either doubted or resisted by the minister . He was sorry that his honourable friend had named so distant a day ; because the duty of a member of parliament was paramount to all others ; and in cases such as the present , he thought it would become them to imitate the conduct of their ancestors , by postponing every other business or consideration to a question of privilege . He was more surprised at this proceeding than at any which had taken place since he had a seat in parliament . As to the measure against which it was directed , it was one , however objectionable in principle , sanctioned by the practice of the House upon other occasions . In the case of Mr. Webber , the House injudiciously , he thought , had exercised the privilege of Address ; and though his opinion was not altered with regard to the case of Mr. Palmer , or the general inexpediency of adopting the principle of Address upon such occasion , yet , when it was done , it must be carried into effect , and was entitled to all the weight and