entirely ceased to exist ? The claimants and their titles sleep together in the peaceful grave—extinguished and forgotten . How long was that injurious system of restriction to survive those very dangers which it was devised to meet and obviate ? He was now arrived at the last and only remaining objection—the doctrine of the Pope 's supremacy as head of the Catholic Church : and if on any just constitutional principles the direct and unqualified denial of that position was of necessity to be an indispensible preliminary to the full admission of the Petitioners into all the powers and privileges of the state , he must be content to leave there or ever , as they are excluded and shut out , for ceasing to maintain the unity of their Church ; under the same spiritual head , they would desert an essential doctrine and distinguishing characteristic of the Catholic faith . Let , however , this formidable ground of objection be examined , and let it be seen in what it consisted . To give it weight , it must consist either in the refusal to the supreme magistrate of our own state , of something that is necessary to his own power , or that it is requisite for the benefit of the public , that he should possess , or it must consist in giving to the head of a foreign state some quality , power or pre-eminence , the exercise of which may be dangerous to our own . It had been urged by some persons , that he who denied the supremacy of the King as head of the church , was a traitor , but he could not discover where it was to be found that this supremacy was conferred , neither was this supremacy acknowledged by the Protestants themselves . In refusing , therefore , to affirm this supremacy , in a Protestant king , the Catholics did no more than the Protestant , and refused nothing which the Protestant affirmed . By what act was the Protestant called ' upon to acknowledge in the King any ecclesiastical supremacy , or what single act was the king capable of doing in affirmance of such supremacy ? What orders could he give in ecclesias- 655 tical matters ? Could he alter the Liturgy of the church , or the form of prayer as established by law ? The King might , it was true , order a fast , or a form of prayer upon such an occasion , but could he add to , or exclude , a single letter in the canons or articles of the church ? In ecclesiastical appointments , undoubtedly , the King enjoyed a power , but only in common with other lay patrons , by whom ecclesiastical persons were presented to benefices ; and even the high rank of bishop was , it was well known , disposable by the authority of a layman . What then of value , either to the splendour of the crown , or the good government of his people , did those take from the King who refused to assist his spiritual supremacy ? The difference between appointment and ecclesiastical investitures , was well known to every one . It was well known that the appointment or presentation to a benefice by a lay patron , was not complete without the institution of the ordinary or bishop of the diocese , and no lay patron considered his rights infringed upon , or rendered less valuable from the necessity of having such a confirmation from the spiritual power . In refusing , therefore , to affirm spiritual supremacy in the King of the Protestant state , the Catholic took from him nothing of value . In the Catholic church the power of ecclesiastical institution or investiture , undoubtedly rested with the Pope , or the person representing the unity , which was essential to that church , but in acknowledging this , what of value was given to a foreign power ? The institution or investiture , it was well known , could not be refused except for good canonical reasons