obtained that , which is in itself a tower of strength—confidence ! —While to the taunts of an 533 enemy become insolent by success , we have replied by repeated victories . But Sir , as I was not one of those who mistook hopes for certainties , or construed the retreat of an enemy into the consummation of a campaign , I am not now surprised that a contest , which was considered as having finally terminated , should have but just commenced . I can not forget that we are but now recovering , in consequence of the enemy 's cession , that country , of which he had but recently dispossessed us . Assuredly we have cause to rejoice , and to be sincerely thankful—but while victory , that victory which is to decide between the two countries , is still doubtful , we should prepare more than ever for war—not hang up our arms , nor devote merely to eulogies and congratulations , those precious moments , which should be employed in exerting every nerve to afford lord Wellington , ( who has spent his life in the `` tented field , '' and who , repeatedly victorious , has never yet been defeated ) , a fair opportunity of measuring swords with the enemy , when , with increased force and confidence , he shall `` rally for the fight . '' Sir ; there is no man in this House , or in the country , less disposed to excite a spirit of interminable warfare than I am ; but however most desirable a secure and honourable peace may be , as well for the interests of humanity , as to lighten the severe pressure on the public , I can not discover in either government any pacific disposition ; neither will , I fear , consent , without first obtaining an unfair advantage over the other . With the exception of the war in the Peninsula , Buonaparté 's splendid and unequalled success has been the result of plans wisely conceived , and ably executed . His objects have been worthy a great conqueror . His exertions and means employed fully equal to the attainment . Look to him in 1799 , when , for the first time , he was placed at the head of the government of France , collecting at Dijon an army of reserve ( ridiculed , because its object was not understood ) , with which he secured his victory at Marengo in the following year ( 1800 ) . See him at Boulogne with his army of England , equally ridiculed , preparing in 1803 for the defeat of Austria at Austerlitz in 1805 . Behold him in his Confederation of the Rhine ( early in 1806 ) anticipating by its agency the enthraldom of Germany , the subjugation of the Prussian monarchy , and the humbling of the great Autocrat of the 534 north . View him on the Vistula in 1806–7 , ( while we were ridiculing his exertions '' anticipating his destruction , and paralyzed into a state of culpable inactivity ) collecting troops from Italy , and the most western extremities of France , Flanders , and Holland , by the aid of which , he afterwards fought and conquered on the memorable day of Friedland , decisive of so much ! —Witness similar exertions after the battle of Asperne ( 1809 ) when at Wagram , he repaired the disasters of that day , and established his real supremacy in Europe , by a masterly and rapid junction of scattered and distant corps . See him at this moment in the north-west of Europe , under the pretext of merely excluding British commerce from the Continent ( one of his objects doubtless—one too originally ridiculed as visionary ; but which , however , unhappily for us , has been but too successful ) , organizing a force , by which he has already nominated to the throne of Sweden , and is now enabled to make any distribution he pleases of those of Denmark and Prussia . See him at Dantzic ,