at great proficiency in discipline , but they were never flogged as our soldiers were . The great Frederick of Prussia once governed his army , in a great measure , by the stick of the corporal ; he , however , soon found the error of his system from the number of desertions , and latterly adopted a very mild system . In this country , the system of cruelty and torture had been introduced , principally with the view of Germanizing our soldiers ; but the Gorman soldiers in our pay were quite astonished at this mode of discipline , as nothing like it had been practised in Germany during their recollection . If British officers could make good soldiers of Germans , Portuguese , and every other nation without flogging , what a scandal it was to this country to say that it was necessary with the . English alone ? In the army of our enemy , it must always be recollected , that there were rewards as well as punishments , and parliamentary influence was not necessary to 705 obtain promotion . As to the cruelty with which English soldiers were treated , he insisted that it was greater than the common feeling of mankind could bear to witness , if exercised on a beast . If any man was to use a horse , or any other animal , with such cruelty in a public place , his brains would probably be knocked out by the populace . After a variety of observations on the cruelty and inefficacy of the system of Flogging , the hon . baronet concluded by stating , that , considering the advanced period of the session , and the impossibility of now going into the enquiry , he thought it the best way to move for an Address to the Prince Regent , which he did to the following effect : `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , That his royal highness will be graciously pleased to take into his consideration the practice of flogging Soldiers , and that his royal highness will be graciously pleased to issue such orders to officers commanding regiments and corps of regiments as shall to his royal highness 's wisdom appear best calculated to restrain , and finally to abolish , that cruel , unnecessary , and ignominious mode of punishment . '' admitted the importance of the subject , but must think the statements of the hon . baronet much exaggerated . The very object proposed was already attended to , so far as was consistent with the military policy of the country , and could be made useful or manageable . It was unfair to speak of the effect of the law , until it had been tried ; from the lateness of its enactment , it had not been fairly tried . Even now , frequent applications had been made to him to know how far the usual punishment might not be commuted for imprisonment . Instances of cruelty had been spoken of . If ( hose instances were brought forward distinctly , they would meet investigation , and receive punishment . It was to be observed , that the object of the former motion , the Local Militia-man , was omitted . From the mode in which the statement of that case was originally made , some enquiry had been necessary , and the result was the following statement . The recruits had been assembled some days before the main body of the regiment , and there was a natural tendency to disorder . There were some reports that the men 's bread was bad , and the colonel sent for the contractor to direct him to give better . The contractor as 706 serted that the bread was good , and it was sent to the mess-table to be tried . The officers were all of opinion that it was of the proper quality ; but the colonel not leaving it even to this , sent some to the inspecting general , who pronounced it good . The regiment arrived