it became parliament to fix beyond misapprehension . A proof that the original clause was not sufficient , was shewn in the necessity of promising a general order from the Commander-in-Chief here . wished to have the doubts removed . He had no objection to the amendment , except his decided conviction , that government would act with perfect fairness . He also thought that some difficulties might arise from adopting the Amendment now , after refusing it in passing the Mutiny Bill . in reply , strenuously defended the principle of his amendment , as founded on the sacred , inherent , and inalienable right of every man to worship his Creator in his own way , when it did not infringe on the civil and military duties he owed the state . Why should the Secretary of State refuse his amendment , which went to do that in a straight forward way which he wanted to do circuitously ; which went to put that on a ground of right , which others seemed to put on a ground of favour ? He appealed to the resolutions passed in May , in Dublin , to prove that the Catholics were not satisfied on this subject . Indeed , they could not be satisfied . The Secretary of State had a vast deal of faith , and the proof of his excessive faith was to be found in his belief in impossibilities ! If the Catholics were dissatisfied , they would not come . Then the noble Secretary of State would be another Mahomet . The mountain would not come to him , and Mahomet must go to the mountain . He had proposed his amendment , in order to state his clear and conscientious opinion , and wondered how any man of principle could dispute it . But he should not then divide the House.—The Amendment was accordingly negatived . proposed a clause , which went to limit the interchange to the cases of invasion or rebellion . objected to the clause as hostile to the principle of the Bill ; the professed object of which was to promote the intercourse , not only on extraordinary but on ordinary occasions , and thus more closely cement the connection between the two countries . was of opinion , that the Bill as it stood really went to consolidate the efforts of the Empire ; and therefore though it considerably trenched upon the old principles of the militia acts , yet the former advantage so much outweighed any inconvenieuce from the latter , that the Bill should have his support . then rose . He said , that the subject on which he was about to address himself to their lordships was not to be considered as the commencement of a treaty between two independent communities , at the outset of which it might be necessary , as it had been the usage , to lay down certain principles , respecting which both parties were agreed , as a ground and basis of negotiation , on which they were to proceed to the discussion of their respective interests . It was a firm but legitimate appeal for the redress of grievances to that branch of the supreme power of the state , on the part of a large portion of its constituent body . There could exist , under such circumstances , no relations of equality ; and therefore no previous stipulations could be admitted as preliminaries either on the one side or on the other . It was equally competent to the supreme power to give or to withhold ; so did it depend exclusively on its discretion in what manner , and accompanied by what other measures , if any may be deemed necessary , it shall think fit to restore to the Petitioners those constitutional privileges , of which they complained that they had been deprived . The object of the notion with which he should conclude , was not to press that House at once for any fresh concessions to 646 those whose cause he had undertaken to plead—and therefore he should exclude from the consideration of