circumstances of the case , he thought it most particularly deserving the attention of the House . He concluded , by entreating of the right hon . Secretary to take the most speedy and effectual means of putting a stop to the system of oppression , by which Mr. Finnerty appeared to have been so shamefully persecuted . said , that his right hon . friend , the Secretary for the Home Department , had done him but justice in giving him credit for his wishes , respecting the mitigation of Mr. Finnerty 's sufferings . When he had first heard of that gentleman 's application upon that subject , he did not feel himself prohibited from interposing 733 with his Majesty 's , government , for the immediate and effectual repression of any undue severities which might have been experienced by Mr. Finnerty . In claiming every exemption from such oppression , be thought that the petitioner was asking not for indulgence , but for justice . Neither could any proceedings that might be taken in consequence of this Petition , be considered as a mark of indulgence to the Petitioner , it would be in effect but remedying a wrong , restoring Mr. Finnerty to aright . In saying this much of the motive of the present application , which appeared to him , if Mr. Finnerty thought himself aggrieved , to be a very justifiable appeal , he could not help alluding so Jar to the remote cause of the Petitioner 's present situation . He had not , he trusted , been remarkable for following up with any vindictive animadversions , attacks of a certain nature , but the one made by Mr. Finnerty , was , he must say , so gross a libel , not merely personally upon him , but upon the administration in general of Ireland at that time , that he thought his passing it over in silence might have been misinterpreted as a tame acquiescence in the truth of charges so extremely heinous . He had , therefore , no alternative left him , but such an acquiescence , or the discharge of a painful public duty ; in the discharge of it he had been influenced by no private motive . The House would do him the justice to admit , that in attacks of that kind , merely affecting himself personally , he had not proved himself extremely querulous ; but in the present case , had he passed it over , he should hare really thought himself guilty of a great breach of public duty ; that duty , however , having been now discharged , he should have great pleasure in forwarding every means for the removal of any oppressive usage , which the Petitioner might have experienced . Nor , indeed , should he have been unwilling to have been instrumental in applying to the fountain of mercy , had not the repetition of Mr. Finnerty 's assertion of the truth of his statements of torture , & c. in the petition now upon their table , tied up his bonds effectualy from any such interposition . It did not however preclude him from joining With the House in providing that the wrongs of which the Petitioner complained , should be redressed.—Having said so much upon the question , as affecting Mr. Finnerty and himself , nothing that had fallen from the hon . gent . who 734 spoke last , should tempt him to go then into the discussion of the conduct of the Irish government during the times so warmly alluded to ; but this he would take the liberty of saying , that upon that question , when brought before parliament in a way likely to be subservient to the purposes of truth , he should be prepared to meet that hon . gent . or any other , and to prove to the satisfaction of the House and of the country , that the general conduct of the Irish Administration ( he spoke not of individual instances of cruelty , which nothing could justify ) , was at that time fully