demand . He should take , for explanation of his statement , the instance of two editions of the same book , one of them scarce and the other not ; there would then be a great difference in the price , because those anxious for the rare edition would be ready to secure it at any price , there being a great difficulty in securing it , while for the more common edition , but equally valuable to any common purchaser , the price would be comparatively small . So were Bank notes , at this moment , to those who were not borne away with the idea of the scarcity of guineas , and of course with their greater value . He was utterly astonished when he heard his noble friend utter so mischievous , abominable , and impolitic a sentiment as this , that that which the public creditor was bound to take was not a legal tender to any other man whatever . If his noble friend contended , that so was the case , he should be glad to debate it with him ; let him recall to his noble friend the high situation which he lately held ; let him remind him that to a situation equally high , he might again speedily be raised , and then , let him ask his noble friend , if from a person holding a situation of that importance in the country such language as this was or ought to be expected—that the requiring men to receive payment in such a mode as that to which he had referred , was a 864 gross fraud and robbery on the country ! He contended that this was most mischievous doctrine to be entertained , the more so , as coming from a person who had been one of the ministers of the country at the very time the act which produced the supposed fraud and robbery was passed . In such a case he asked to be the advocate of his noble friend against himself , and , as such , he contended that the whole dilemma arose from the mischievous idea that paying in the weight of guineas was paying in guineas . He did not contend that it was not absurd to say , that , when guineas rose above their nominal value , it was improper that they should be melted , or that it was improper that they should be exported . He had no share in the making of any such laws . He had always contended that it was not the weight in gold which gave the standard to guineas , but the stamp with which they were impressed . He had spent nine years of his life in the little respectable republic of Geneva . There the gold coin was pistoles , and the silver coin was that of Spain . The watchmakers were then in the use of turning every pistole which came into their hands into the crucible , for the purpose of converting them into cases for watches . It was discovered , however , that in these pistoles there was an ingredient which did not suit the purpose to which they were so converted . There was , as a component part of these pistoles , a powder called emery , but no sooner was this discovered , than the pistole ceased Co be put into the crucible ; the watch-maker would no longer purchase it . A chemist , however , soon after found out the means of extracting from the pistole this powder , when the pistole again grew into repute , and was as much sought after as ever , for the purpose of being turned into the crucible . Was there a doubt , then , if the continent was opened to this country , but that gold would return ? This was not to be expected while the balance of trade and the balance of payments was against this country . An increased demand for manufactures would naturally produce an increase of our bullion . Noble lords talked of the depreciation of