weavers alone were concerned , but that it involved the whole commercial community—feeling that the weavers were but the heralds of the manufacturers , and that the manufacturers would be but the heralds of the merchants—knowing that the whole trading interest of the country was in the utmost dismay—having heard that the strongest representations on the subject had recently been made to the right hon . gent . opposite , by the merchants of Liverpool , by the merchants of London , by the West India merchants , and by all connected with those various branches of commerce—knowing the very unfavourable state of the exchange with foreign countries—having observed the avidity with which the public , catching at a straw , interpreted an accidental remark in a late speech of the right hon . gent . opposite into an expectation of an approaching accommodation with Russia , and of a consequent vent for British manufactures and produce in that country—knowing that the expedient resorted to of issuing Exchequer bills , as a loan , for the relief of commerce , had failed , none of those bills having reached their destined objects , the operative manufacturers , —he could not conceive it possible that the House could be blind to the difficulties of the situation in which the country was placed . The Report of the Committee , although it deprecated any pecuniary aid ( in which deprecation he completely concurred ) , fully acknowledged the extreme distress of the petitioners . Persuaded , as he was , that all this distress was the effect of the ruinous commercial policy which had been pursued by ministers , it would have been impossible for him , had it been in his power to attend on Monday next , not to enter largely into the consideration of the subject , it was impossible for the House to conceal from itself that there was a growing disposition in the country—a disposition which , he confessed his regret , that any administration should be exposed to—to make that compulsory on government which ought to be optional . Still , however , knowing that all the markets for English commodities were closed against them—having observed the final adjudication of the ease of the Fox , by which adjudication the scabbard was thrown away by this country with reference to America—remarking the 717 manner in which the commercial relations I between Great Britain and America had been treated by ministers—having in his hand the documents ministers had refused to produce , and which had since been published in America , comprising the diplomatic correspondence between the two countries—and seeing in that correspondence the most gross and wanton neglect of the true interest of England , he declared it to be his intention before he sat down , to move for the production of all the papers in question . On the production of those papers , he was convinced it would appear to the House that America , a country deserving the highest consideration and respect , had been treated by Great Britain more as an humble dependant on an illiberal protector , than as an equal state . Indeed , the whole of our political relations with America had been carried on as if war were the ultimate expectation . How far the probability of such an event was increasing , the recent intelligence from America might enable the House to judge ; although he allowed it to be possible that the occurrence to which he alluded might have originated in accident . The weavers , complaining of deep distress , proposed desperate remedies . A Committee of that House declared it as their opinion—an opinion in which he coincided—that nothing could be done for them . But let the House recollect some prior circumstances . Let them recollect that but a few days before the presentation of these Petitions from so numerous a class of the community , complaining of such unexampled calamity , the right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer had amused the House by extolling the financial state of the country , by expatiating on the increase of the Customs and