but the bread necessary to sustain existence ? Is the noble and learned lord ignorant that the labourer is in many cases by law confined to a particular spot ? Here , he may say , I am compelled by your laws , to remain , and yet , by these laws the depreciation of bank notes in which atone I am paid , is such that I can not 855 procure the bread necessary to sustain life from day to day ! My lords , I am putting no speculative case . Is he so little acquainted with what took place in France ? Does he not know that the fatal law of maximum was produced there by the very argument which he now uses , that it was acted upon for the very reasons which he now urges in support of this Bill ? And yet , he , who lived at the time this transaction was passing—he who saw the dreadful consequences exemplified before his eyes , even he advises a similar proceeding , and supports his advice upon similar arguments and principles ? I therefore , my Lords , take up the argument in a view directly opposite to his ; and , if he bas the charge of 25 millions of the property of his Majesty 's subjects , and if the country is brought into such a situation that he is unable to guard against a loss of five millions upon that sum , a loss of full 20 per cent . I conjure your lordships to pause now at length , since , you have not done it before , when he , lays before you not only what will be the effect of a continuation of the system , but what has been the consequences of your persevering in it up to this time . But the noble and learned lord tells us , that the system must go on because it was established in 1797 . Now , I should like to know what was enacted in 1797 . I always thought I knew till this night ; till I heard his speech this night , I never thought there had been any doubt then whether or not bank notes should be made a legal tender . He says that he was adverse to the making bank-notes a legal tender , and that he would not enquire what had been the opinions of others on that point.—I understand the insinuation , my Lords , and I will tell him what was my opinion.—I was decidedly against making bank notes a legal tender . I and others were anxious that they should not be made a legal tender by any shift , means , contrivance , or upon any pretence whatever . I wish be had spoken out , and told us what he conceives the law to have done . I conceived , and thought till this night that every man in the country could have no doubt about it ; that in 1797 the law took away the power of arresting the person previous to the suit and that only ; but that every other legal remedy remained in the same full force and effect as before . There is not the least pretence that the law then made a distinction between landlords and other persons . 856 They all , with the exception above stated , had their full remedy as before the act . Such was the law , as I understood it , if it is otherwise , it is high time that we should understand what it is . Your lord-ships can not be ignorant what a shock has been already given to public confidence and credit , by this Bill and by the speeches of the ministers ; but that has been little compared with the effects that must be produced by the speech of the noble and learned lord this night unless I misunderstood him . No triumph in debate , nor any other triumph over the noble and learned lord , would give me half the pleasure , as to hear him distinctly