was at variance with the principle and salutary regulations of the act of the 38th of Geo . 2.—Having long taken this view of the act of the 35th of his present Majesty , which was now proposed to be strengthened and enforced , it would not be deemed extraordinary , that he should propose an amendment which might have the effect of calling on the House to go into a Committee on the state of pay generally ; it might be asked , if he had long entertained this opinion , why he had not during the session proposed some question to the House , 594 to which he could honestly reply , that his confidence in the right hon . gent . who presided at the Admiralty , had induced him to believe that he would do all in his power as first lord to obtain justice for the officers of the navy , which had prevented his volunteering to trouble the House . But being now called on to give his vote , he had no difficulty in stating his sentiments , that the most proper measure to adopt , was to enquire generally into the important subject of the pay of the officers of the navy , and not to confine their enquiries into so limited a portion as that of the officers serving abroad . seconded the amendment . aid an increase of pay to the seamen in the navy would be of little advantage to them , so long as the present system continued . He had in his hands a list of ships of war in the East Indies . The Centurion had been there it years—the Rattlesnake , 14 years , came home the other day , with only one man of the first crew—the Fox frigate , under the command of his brother , had been there 15 years—the Sceptre 8 years—the Albatross 12 , & c. Not one farthing of pay had been given all that period to all those men . He had made a calculation on the Fox frigate , and supposing only 100 of the men returned , there would be due 25,000l to the crew , not including the officers . What became of these sums all the while ? The interest ought to be accounted for to Government or to the seamen themselves . The Wilhelmina had been 10 years , the Russel 7 years , the Drake 6 years , of which the men would be exiles from England for ever , and another vessel 4 years . Nothing would be of greater service than the frequently changing the stations of ships , which might be done without any inconvenience , and even with much advantage to the East India Company 's ships . The seamen , he said , from the want of their pay , had no means of getting many necessaries of the utmost consequence to their health and comfort . The seaman drew less prize-money under the existing acts than formerly . He instanced a vessel , the proceeds of which came to 355l . ; by the present mode of distribution , the seaman would receive 13s . 5½d . ; by the old mode he would have received 15s , 1½d . From the officers ' share there was deducted in all 75 per cent . allowing only 10 per cent . for the prize courts . The minister had 595 exultingly asked , what was become of the commerce of France ? But he would undertake to shew him , before he was 48 hours on the coast of France , as least 200 sail of the enemy 's vessels . If they were to pay more liberally the Judges of the Admiralty Courts , and operate a proper reformation in them , he would undertake to say that they might score off at least one-third of the present ships of the navy . Ministers said there were no vessels on the coast of France ; but he said there were ; and if they would go with him , he would shew them how they could