the present circulating medium , had not said what he would wish substituted for cash in the absence of bullion . Would he have no circulating medium ? Notwithstanding the increase of our commerce , there was a smaller quantity in Circulation now , than there was twelve years ago . In 1798 , it amounted to 50,000,000l . ; 40,000,000l . in gold , and 10,000,000l . in notes . It was not easy to say what was the exact amount of the gold in circulation now , but he thought 941 he must be a sanguine man indeed who could suppose it to exceed 5,000,000l ; and reckoning ; the amount of our paper circulation at thirty millions , still it would be seen there was a considerable diminution . Under the present circumstances , for the Bank to resume cash payments was utterly impossible . They could not do it . They could not get the gold to pay , and if they could , it would be useless , as there would be no more left in circulation than there was amongst us at present till the price of gold was lower , that it might be brought into this country in large quantities , which could only be caused by a change in the circumstances of the continent , it was proper to continue the Bank Restriction Act in force . With respect to what had been said as to the increase of prices , he had it from gentlemen on whose information he could depend , that the prices in France and Italy kept pace with those of England , and that the depreciation of money in France was greater than in England . The prices all over Europe did not materially differ in their advance from the prices in England , and this he took as an argument to prove that farmers and ethers did not charge for their produce as was supposed with a reference to the alledged depreciation of Bank paper . With respect to what had been said of the property of the public creditors , he knew of nothing which could be more revolting to the feelings of parliament than to interfere with that . The Bank notes and assignats he asserted to be as totally different from each other , as any two things in nature possibly could . As to the learned gentleman 's plan for forming a new fund with the profits of the Bank Company , if he could be sure that this could be properly done , he should have no objection to it . He wished to see payments in cash resumed , but under existing circumstances , unless gold could be brought into the country ( as some seemed to think it could ) by a sort of witchcraft , it was impossible for the present . explained , that he referred to the striking off two thirds of the debt due to the public creditor , not as a proposition of his own , but as the grossest , most fatal , and most unjust of all expedients , but yet as one likely to result from the measures , the perseverance in which was recommended on the other side . said he was at a loss how to judge of the present measure , as among the variety of persons who approv- 942 ed of it , there were not two who did so on the same grounds ; on the contrary , every second person who supported it , did so on grounds exactly opposite to the person who preceded him . All of them agreed , however , in the abuse of lord King . It became the duty , therefore , of those who differed from them on this head , though it was by no means a fit subject of debate , to stand up and vindicate the noble lord . Gentlemen had talked of Jews and pedlars ; of oppressed tenants ; and even of dishonest landlords . Before gentlemen talked in this stile , however , they should first have made themselves masters of