never have ventured to impose a tax on the raw material , as the manufactures of Germany , & c. would have , in that case , driven ours out of the market . But he reminded them that the cotton manufactory was a very growing one in the United States ; that a great number of cotton mills had been established in the neighbourhood of Boston ; and that the United States already exported a large quantity of cotton twist . The whole quantity of cotton wool imported was 1,449,000 bags , and of this only 40,000 were imported from our own colonies . The United States preferred our manufactures , which was not the case with the inhabitants of Brazil . He was fully aware that America was at present commercially hostile to us , and all he wished to impress was , the danger to ourselves of adopting measures which we could not afterwards counteract . The branch of manufactures affected by this tax was one of the very first importance , and if it should be injured , the subsequent lowering of the duty would not avail to remedy the evil . He thought the raw material a very injudicious object of taxation , and more particularly as it was di- 276 rected against our best customers . Sheep 's wool , in his opinion , was a much fitter article , whatever might be at first the prejudices of the country gentlemen against any imposts upon it . Our cotton manufactures might be undersold or excluded , but our woollens could not be rivalled . Under all these circumstances he hoped the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would consent to postpone the motion for a few days . expressed much surprise at the exaggerated statements of the hon . gentleman . He contended that the duties had not hitherto depressed the manufacture , and that the price of cotton wool , which had varied from 12d . to 2s . 6d . a pound clearly showed that an additional tax of 1d . could have no prejudicial influence . In the last year we have imported 136,000,000 pounds , while the average of the preceding six years was but 70,000,000 pounds . From America last year we received only 55,000,000 , about one third of the whole quantity . He was aware that the East India cotton wool was inferior to that of America , but that of America was also inferior to that of Brazil . But when the House reflected on the state of the relations between this country and America , they would see the policy of persevering in the present measure . If , instead of increasing the duty as it regarded America , for the purpose of encouraging our own shipping , we were to take off the existing duties , the effect would not be to introduce a single yard more of our manufactures into the American States . The question was , whether in the situation in which we were placed , we should not give encouragement to trade in British cottons rather than in foreign cottons . censured government for not having taken the opinion of the hon . baronet and others who were qualified to judge on the subject , before they introduced the present measure . There was a Petition on the table from the cotton manufacturers , declaring that they were in a state of starvation . To these petitioners this new duty on the raw material was a direct affront . He reprobated the mode in which such taxes had been for five and twenty years introduced , from time to time , by the right hon . gent . opposite . ( Mr. Rose ) , under the specious name of regulations . These regulations , however , always failed of success , although the commercial regulations of the enemy com- 277 pletely succeeded . The emperor of France undertook to lock up the continent against our trade . By the Resolutions of that House it appeared that he had succeeded . We undertook to unlock the continent .