questionable item , has not been printed with the rest of his gar-fifed statement , and I trust , Sir , he will not only vote for its production , but for that of the subsequent correspondence . I hope that it will be found that he , who boasts of official accuracy , did not rest satisfied , if Messrs. Cook and Halford simply answered that the actuary 's bill was not included.—I think , Sir , I shall be enabled clearly to establish that the item , after which enquiry appears to have ceased , actually was a bribe to the proctor 's clerks ; what , then will become of the high compliments paid to the conduct of the affairs of the navy in that corrupt office ? In addition to the correspondence on this point I shall move for a list of the fees termed moderate , and those allowed oh taxation : for the amount of the King 's Proctor 's bills in the two first and two last cases in each year ; by which , an average may be struck , and we shall then see whether the right hon . gentleman 's assertions , or my statements , are best founded , and as to the procurator 's moderation , and the benefits the navy derives from being compelled to entrust their multifarious interests to his superintendance alone.—The noble lord then proceeded to move for Certain papers , relative to the various instances of Captures he had alluded to ; the first of which was , for `` Copies of the Correspondence between the Treasurer of the Navy and Messrs , Cook and Halford , relating to an item of the charge of 462l . 17s . 2d . supposed , in the treasurer 's letter of the 29th of January 1811 , to contain the amount of the Actuary 's bill at Yarmouth relative to condemnation of a vessel taken by the Fisgard . '' said , he should not follow the noble lord through all the desultory matter he had introduced into his speech , or through all the cases he had thought proper to bring forward , without any reference to the question , and without any previous notice ; but as the case of the Fisguard had attracted much attention from the public , he felt it his duty to move for papers in order to answer the charges . He was surprised to hear the noble lord accuse him of misstatement with respect to the King 's proctor ; his assertion was , that the affairs of the navy were better situated in the hands of one man of great responsibility ; and to that opinion he still adhered . The noble lord had said , that fewer causes were litigated by the 994 navy than by privateers : but that in his judgment arose from the prudence of the King 's proctor , who investigated fairly , and advised against rash proceedings . He should be ashamed to dwell upon all the cases brought forward by the noble lord , but thought it necessary to explain what the case of the Fisguard was , that the House might decide upon its merits . Captain Mason , an officer of great respectability and character , had written to him ; stating some inconvenience and injustice which he supposed to have been committed in respect to some vessels captured by him ; to this letter he had replied on the 21st of January . After having duly investigated the facts , which turned out to the honour of the King 's proctor , the noble lord had said , that it was the clerks who did the business , but however that might be , the King 's proctor was responsible . The noble lord had found fault with an act of parliament , be was not responsible for that . Having entered into the particulars of some charges by the King 's proctor , to prove their moderation , ha thought it would be the best way to read the answer of captain Mason to his letter