such a publication , that they might have an opportunity , not only of disavowing such sentiments , but of expressing their 739 abhorrence of them in those strong terms , which opinions so detestable were calculated to inspire . He was not aware of any mode in which he could proceed to punish the author ; but his object was to have a doctrine so atrocious stigmatized and reprobated as it deserved . observed , that he could truly say , that the paper in question was never seen by him till it was communicated to him by the noble earl opposite . He fully coincided with that noble lord in thinking that such doctrines could not be too strongly reprobated , and that the atrocity of the sentiments could only be equalled by their absurdity . A doctrine more horrid in all respects he could not conceive , and he disavowed it , not only as a minister of the crown , but as a man of common sense . This writer bad said , that the ruler of France had placed himself above all law ; but the noble marquis trusted that there still remained a tribunal before which he would be compelled to answer even in this world . The nations of Europe might still call him to account , not by the poniard or the stilletto , but by calling forth all their energies , and punishing him in the field for those acts of perfidious aggression , by which his name would ever be rendered odious . Upon that point , he doubted not , the noble earl would concur with his Majesty 's government . It was as lamentable that such a production should have issued from a British press , and he was sorry it had escaped his attention . He would only add , that there was no way in which government could take an opportunity of reprobating such doctrine that they would not adopt , and if possible bring the author of it to condign punishment . was perfectly satisfied with what had fallen from the noble marquis , and was only desirous that he might not be supposed to have staled any belief in the charges made in the publication alluded to , against the ruler of France , several of which he was convinced were false . deprecated that system of vile abuse against the ruler of France , which appeared to have been adopted by the paper alluded to . Let his oppressions and acts of aggression , be stated in the language which belonged to them , without descending to vile personal abuse . He also was desirous that with regard to the charges alluded to , he should not have been understood to have expressed any opinions as to their accuracy . suggested the propriety of laying the paper on the table . It had been published in the heart of the metropolis , and the tendency of it must be generally reprobated . His grace thought it ought to be burnt by the hands of the common hangman . said , that the laying of the paper on the table would be giving to it greater consequence and circulation . He disavowed any knowledge , on the part of ministers , of this subject , and repeated his general agreement with the opinions of the noble earl . made several observation on the scarcity of gold , and suggested a remedy for the inconveniencies arising from the want of a legal tender , stated in the following Letter from his lordship to the Lord Chancellor , which the noble earl read as part of his speech : — No . 49 Berner's-st. June 22 , 1811 . `` My Lord ; agreeably to your lordship 's desire , I have the honour to communicate the outline of my plan , in a few words ; knowing that you will like that better than my doing it , at an unnecessary length . The subject is of the first importance. `` The want of Gold prevents bankers and others , who may have large payments