our internal prosperity . Invasion was then declared to be a less evil than such an attack on the financial credit of the empire , yet invasion had been since prevented , and the financial credit of the empire sustained . But could any men , except for the purpose of raising an outcry , or realizing the mischief which they affected to deplore , sincerely mean to say , that the paper of the bank of England bore any resemblance whatever to the French assignats ? The whole amount of the bank issues had never exceeded 25,000,000 and they were at present not more than 23,000,000 , leaving to the whole supply of the national circulation only an addition of 13,000,000 upon the amount in 1797 , previous to the restriction . In one year France issued not less than 50,000,000 , in the following 25,000,000 more , and in the course of five years , not less than a thousand millions . Here was a sum far exceeding our national debt , while our issues had never exceeded one third of our annual revenue . The present Bill was intended to guard only against an improper and injurious alarm ; and for this purpose it simply took away the process of distress for rent upon a proffered payment in bank notes . This was proposed by an hon . gentleman in 1797 , but opposed by Mr. Pitt , on the ground that no reason existed in the feeling or disposition of the country to require it . Mr. Fox , 888 however , even then supported it.—Much had been said respecting Ireland , and the inconsistency of not extending this Bill to that country . The reason , however , simply was that the cause and object of the Bill were new in this country , but not so in Ireland , where two prices had in fact prevailed before the restriction on the bank took place . He was ready to allow , also , that it was unadviseable to interfere in contracts between man and man ; but the act of 1797 bad al-ready altered that sort of relation , and we were in a situation in which it was notorious that the public creditor could receive no-thing but paper . Under these views , and upon these considerations , he moved that the Bill be read a first time . said , that although it was unusual to enter at large into any discussion upon the first reading of a Bill , yet as the right hon . gentleman had given so ample a statement , and as he was desirous of leaving the debate on the usual stage , the second reading , to his hon . friends , who would enter fully into the question , he trusted he might be permitted to make a few observations in the present instance . The right hon . gentleman , in support of a Bill which he could only consider in itself as a Bill calling on that House to be a party in committing a gross fraud upon the public ; as a Bill , threatening in its consequences ruin to the established forms and institutions of the country , set out with an attack on the conduct of a noble lord ( King ) whom he was proud to call his noble friend , because he knew his private worth , and his incapacity to do any thing inconsistent with public virtue . He begged leave to ask the right hon . gentleman whether , before he heard of the intention of the noble lord , he was ignorant that Bank notes were depreciated 20 per cent. ? and if he was not thus ignorant , what ought the House to think of a minister , who , perfectly sensible of what it was the interest of the land owner to do , could have intended parliament to separate on the supposition that the land owner would not choose to prosecute his evident interest , and his legal right ? Was he ignorant of the law , and did he presume that