during the present session , as in the case of Mr. Palmer , against addresses stating their disposition to make good any payments of money . observed , that the expences in the present instance would be very small . said , that the remark of his hon . friend related not to the amount , but to the motion itself . There was this difference , however , between the case to which his hon . friend alluded and that at present under consideration , namely , that in the former instance , the vote of the House was against the opinion of ministers , but that in the latter it received their sanction . stated , that it was his intention to obviate some of the objections which had been made to the Bill , by introducing a clause on the report , putting the Irish Distillers on the same footing in exporting as the English distillers , and containing several other amendments . lamented that the right hon . gentleman had not expressed his intention at a more early period , as the counsel who were about to be called in could scarcely be expected to accommodate the argument which they had pre-pared , to so sudden an alteration . Still , however , he bespoke the earnest attention of the House to the subject , which was one of vital importance both to the British distiller and to the general revenue . 627 Mr. Dauncey and Mr. Warren were then called to the bar , and heard at considerable length ; the former as counsel for the English distillers , the latter as counsel for the Scotch distillers . The counsel having concluded and with-drawn , the amendments in the Report were agreed to . then said , that he had some clauses to propose which he presumed to think would meet the whole of the objections to the Bill . He had no doubt that the great danger of frauds being committed in consequence of the intercourse , must arise in Ireland , where a duty being imposed on 100 gallons of spirits , without regard to its strength , those 100 gallons might be converted into 130 gallons , and the 100 gallons being exported to England , the 30 gallons would become a clear bonus to the exporter . When the English distillers , however , said that they would go on without any regulation rather than have the Bill now before the House , that he was aware , could only be regarded as an expression of anger , which was not to be attended to . This was a diminished evil , and it must be better to have it than an aggravated weight . He must say , in praise of the British distillers , that greater candour , greater liberality , or a greater desire to afford information , he had never found in any body of men . They , surely , however , had a great interest in suspending , as long as possible , the intercourse between the countries , and in driving parliament for some time longer to continue the prohibition . Till the introduction of these clauses , which he had now to propose , he agreed the Bill was open to objection , as it allowed the distiller of Ireland to export spirits without payment of any excise duty , or subject to any drawback except what might be supposed to be produced by the duty on malt . This , too , it was to be observed , was only an experiment , and if it should not be found to answer , it would not be carried farther , the duration of the present Bill being only for such a period after the commencement of the next session of parliament , as would allow time for reconsidering the measure . To prevent any interference between the English , Scotch , and Irish distillers , which might lead to frauds or to unjust advantages on either side , he should propose that no spirits be exported from either of the countries but