expence of transmit ting specie abroad , and that the price of standard gold ever rose above the Mint price more than 1½ per cent . excepting during the year of the South Sea scheme . I affirm , on the contrary , in the fifth Resolution , that on the only occasions on which , from political and commercial circumstances , such an effect was to be expected within the periods alluded to namely , during the wars of queen Ann , and during part of the American war , a , depression of the exchange , and a rise of the price of bullion , actually took place ; and I am prepared to show , from documents on your table , that they took place , to such a degree as to furnish a complete practical proof of the fallacy of the leading doctrines of the Bullion Report , say , these were the only occasions when such an effect was to be expected , because , from the termination of the wars of queen Ann by the treaty of Utrecht , till the end of the earlier period , in 1756 , was a lime of peace and extraordinary commercial prosperity , with the exception of the derangement occasioned by the South Sea scheme ( which is admitted in the Amendment ) , and the war terminated by ; the peace of Aix la Chapelle . These hostilities , though they produced some effect on the exchange , do not appear to have much depressed it . And I am so far from supposing any great fluctuations in the course of exchange and in the price of bullion to be likely to take place during a period of peace and commercial prosperity , that , if they had actually occurred , I should have found great difficulty in accounting for them . And I must not omit to mention here one circumstance which , for more than half of the last century , greatly contributed to render the exchanges favourable to England . During the whole of that period our growth of corn considerably exceeded our consumption . The export of wheat between 1700 and 1763 , exceed-ed the import by more than 32 millions and a half of quarters , being , on the average , more than half a million a-year . The regular periodical accounts of the course of exchange and the price of bullion , printed by order of the House , do not extend back so far as the reign of 15 queen Anne ; but their place is sufficiently supplied for our present purpose by an important document furnished by the Comptrollers of Army Accounts . From this it appears , that in 1703 the exchange with Flanders was at the rate of ten guilders eleven slivers for the pound sterling , being a loss to England of above 12 per cent . From 1703 to 1711 , the accounts of the exchange with Flanders are wanting ; but , from the well known circumstances of the war , as well as some others which I shall presently mention , it is highly improbable that any favourable change took place in that interval , especially as it appears , in 1710 , to have been at 11½ per cent , loss with Genoa . In 1711 , the exchange varied from ten guilders eight stivers , to ten guilders ten stivers , being a loss varying from 13⅓ per cent , to something less than 12 . In 1712 , it was ten guilders eighteen stivers , about 9⅙ per cent. , in 1713 , eleven guilders , about 8⅓ per cent , loss , and in 1714 , ten guilders eighteen stivers , or 9⅙ . In 1712 , it was at 13⅓ per cent , loss with Dunkirk . It is certain , that , during the whole of this period , the expence of sending gold coin to Flanders could not amount to three per cent , and probably could not exceed two per cent . ; and therefore we have , for eleven years together ,