. That motion had been made without any previous notice , and was for the production of papers , some of which would be unintelligible without others , and some contained gross and libellous matter against persons in this country , who were extremely anxious for the most minute investigation , and would have been happy if the hon . gent . could have gone into the enquiry this year , but as the session was so far advanced , there was little prospect 462 of it . The only effect of the motion would be , that the Papers would he on the-table , which could answer no good end , and might be extremely prejudicial to the individuals whose characters were implicated . He therefore would move , `` That the order for the production of Papers , relative to Sierra Leone , be rescinded . '' begged to suggest to the hon . member , that if the Address for the production of those Papers had been presented ( and he understood it was ) , this motion would come too late . It would only be in the power of the House to impound the Papers , so as to prevent their contents from being known , or to present another Address to the Prince Regent on the subject . Perhaps the best plan would be to prevent the Papers from being printed in the present session . said , that he rose with considerable pain and reluctance on the present occasion , as the motion which it fell to his lot to make , deeply affected the honour and reputation of a Member of that House . The circumstances were attended with considerable notoriety , and were briefly as follows : an elector of Stafford , a Mr. Peter Batty , had applied to a member of that House , desiring to know how he should obtain the discharge of a marine , and had been told , that , on giving fifty guineas to the hon . member , the business should be effected : this practice was understood to be perfectly legal and common , and the sum desired was given . Some time after , an application was made respecting the discharge of the marine , and the hon . member said , that the money had been transmitted through the regular channels , and that the man would be immediately discharged , which , however , was not the case , and on more minute enquiry , it was found that the fifty guineas , instead of being applied to the purposes for which they were intended , were paid in discharge of an account to a grocer at Wimbledon ! Upon this , the person who had intrusted this sum to the hon . member had preferred an indictment against him in the Epiphany session , 1809 , in the county of Surry , but the hon . member did not think proper to appear to the indictment . The elector of Stafford had then applied for a warrant to 463 several justices of the peace , in Surry , and to lord Ellenborough , who refused to grant it , for fear of infringing the privileges of that House . Thus situated , deprived of all redress through the ordinary channels of justice , Mr. Batty had drawn up a Petition to that honourable House , the prayer of which was , that an order might be issued to the hon . member to appear , and if the House in its wisdom did not grant that , that it would afford such other relief to the Petitioner , as might seem expedient . After what had gone abroad on this subject , and the investigation which was likely to take place , he felt no reluctance in stating , that the member implicated in this charge was Mr. Richard Mansell Philipps , one of the representatives for Stafford . He had had some communication with Mr. Philipps , and had been told by him , that he had directed his attorney to enquire into the business . He