me your safeguards and your securities , and then I will most anxiously consider and examine them , on their own grounds , and see what can be done ; but I will not consent to go into a Committee , on any general statement of a petition . '' fully concurred in the definition of the noble and learned lord on the nature of civil and religious rights . They belonged naturally to all classes , and when withheld , the onus probandi lay not on those to whom they were denied , but on those by whom they were refused . Upon this principle , then , all parties were agreed ; and he was happy at it , because it was one on which he had often been misunderstood . And , indeed , although he certainly thought that the discussion of abstract rights was generally to be avoided , yet there were occasions , and this was one of them , when an understanding and concurrence in fundamental principles was indispensibly necessary . The noble and learned lord had founded himself upon the Revolution ; he believed that if his education had not been of that nature , as to enable him to cope with that noble and learned lord in all the depths of legal knowledge and research , it had at least disposed him to regard with an admiration surpassed by none , that great and glorious event . The noble and learned lord had , in his observations , libelled the character of the Revolution , and entirely misrepresented the causes that produced it . What ! was it to be said that it originated in a dispute between contending sects ! Was it , indeed , to be traced even to the question of a Catholic or a Protestant king ? No , very far from it . It was a great struggle between tyranny on the one hand , and freedom on the other ; it was a contest between king and people . Let the issue be searched for in the Bill of Rights , which gave the death blow to that famous doctrine , that the interests of the governed were secondary and subordinate to the interests of the governors . The noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) however , whose legal habits might have rendered his conclusions more , correct , had ventured to assert , that the repeal of the Test Act would overturn the Bill of Rights . He challenged the noble 679 and learned lord to shew it . Did he remember , that at the time of the passing that act , a motion was made to prohibit any future alterations in its provisions , and that this motion was lost by a large majority ? or had he forgotten , that when the Union itself was under discussion , a proposal to make the Test Act a part of the Union , was likewise rejected ? The noble and learned lord had said , that all the essential parts of our constitution were Protestant , and that it had been secured by the Test Act . During the long Struggle , therefore , which had taken place in this country between Catholic and Protestant , it was not till the passing the Test Act that the country had a constitution . The reasons of the noble and learned lord against the motion for a Committee , appeared to him to be the best arguments for it , and nothing could be more unreasonable than to require all the details which might be there entered into , to be laid before them as a preliminary to the appointment of the Committee . The noble lord who spoke second in the debate , objected to the mode of proceeding by Petition . Was not this proceeding then the unalienable right of the subjects of the empire ? The noble lord said also , that the present was an improper time , and that at another period his objections might be removed . He ( lord Holland ) was apprehensive , however , that in