only ; other articles had preserved an equal ratio of advance ; but the price of corn was more easily referred to and ascertained . Taking the average price of wheat from 17S0 to 1797 , which would be found to be fifty-two shillings per quarter , a pound of gold , or forty-four guineas and a half , would command at that time eighteen quarters of wheat . In 1806 , upon the average of five years , wheat , at seventy-shillings , and gold bullion at four pounds two shillings , a pound of gold , or forty-four guineas and a half , would command only fourteen quarters ; and on an average of the last five years , wheat being eighty-five shillings , and gold bullion four pounds seven shillings per ounce , a pound of gold would command only twelve quarters and two bushels of wheat . Thus it appeared that gold was greatly diminished ' in value , when compared with wheat , though advanced , when compared with Bank paper . Its powers , reduced in the command of wheat , increased in the command of notes , and yet , with these facts before our eyes , it was to be contended that this Bank paper was not depreciated . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) had said , that this dear ness of wheat and other articles arose from other causes , and that an equal advance in price had taken place in France and other countries . That was very true , and it added confirmation to his , ( Mr. W. 's ) argument , that gold was not dear ; on the contrary , that as well in other countries as here , it was diminished in value , when compared with other commodities.—Mr . W. further argued , that this increased price of all articles of necessity , had gone on with much greater rapidity since the year 1797 , when the Bank stopped payment of their notes in specie . In twelve years prior to that time the price of wheat had advanced per quarter eight shillings and sixpence ; in twelve years , since 1797 , the price of wheat had advanced thirty-two shillings per quarter . This rapid advance of the price of wheat comparatively with the first period , was in fact neither more nor less than a rapid depreciation of our paper currency ; at least it afforded of itself , he thought , indisputable proof that Bank notes were materially fallen in value ; and upon the whole , the question 1084 appeared to him so clear , that he was astonished it could admit of argument at all.—Mr . Western then , in taking a further view of the Bill , said he was surprised to find that by many gentlemen it should be represented as applicable peculiarly to the case of landlord and tenant ; that was by no means the case , it was applicable to all debtors and creditors of every description , and alike , in all cases , sacrificed the creditor to the debtor . It certainly , in that relation , was applicable to landlord and tenant , inasmuch as the landlord , having granted a lease , was the creditor of the tenant ; but such landlord was , of all creditors , the one who would the least suffer , as in process of time the lease would fall in , and he would again acquire possession . But a great proportion of land-owners never granted a lease at all , which he was sorry for ; and thought , after that Bill passed , they never could safely do so again . He doubted not that nearly one-half of the landed proprietors of the kingdom never granted leases ; others there must be , whose leases were about to expire . All those persons would be rather benefited by the operation of this Bill . They might let their estates according to the real value of the currency they were to be paid in , and pay their