of the king in council , in open violation of the 37th , and in contempt and defiance of the penalties enacted by the 38th and 39th sections , which declare that , `` receiving or taking any fee or fees beyond those specified in the table aforesaid , '' that is , the table authorised by the King in Council , shall be punished by the loss of office ; and further , `` demanding or receiving any sum or sums of money other than the fees aforesaid , shall be deemed and taken to be extortion and a misdemeanour at law , and shall be punished under and by virtue of this act . '' Words can not convey a more distinct prohibition , and yet , I hold in my hand demonstration of an opposite line of conduct being pursued by the court . This is not all , the law directs that the `` Table of fees , authorised as aforesaid , shall be suspended in some conspicuous part of the court in which the several judges of the vice Admiralty court shall hold their courts . '' At Malta , however , it was concealed , first , during five years in a drawer , and when taken therefrom in consequence of loud complaints on the subject of their charges , it was affixed , not in some conspicuous part of the Court , '' not in the Court at all , but on the door of a private room behind the Registry , where suitors could have no access to it . Sir , the fabricating , altering , and concealing the table of fees is , perhaps , the least profligate part of their conduct . What will the House think when they find that John Jackson the Marshal , who , to the knowledge of the judge , acts also as Proctor in defiance of the law , is in the constant habit of charging his clients of , the navy , for attending , feeing , consulting , instructing and admonishing himself , and 1019 this in the very teeth of the 41st Section , which enacts , that `` No Registrar or Deputy Registrar , Marshal or Deputy Marshal , of or belonging to any of his Majesty 's courts of Vice Admiralty , shall , either directly or indirectly , by himself or themselves , or by any Agent or Agents , or any person or persons whomsoever , act or be concerned in any manner whatsoever , either as an advocate or Proctor . '' Mr. Jackson 's charges are so ingenious that I must beg leave to read a few of them . `` Attending in the Registry and bespeaking a Monition , two crowns ; paid for the said Monition , under seal and extracting , nine crowns ; copy of the said Monition fur service , two crowns ; attending the Marshal ( himself observe ) and instructing him to serve the same , two crowns ; paid the Marshal fur service of said Monition , two crowns ; certificate of service , one crown ; drawing and engrossing an affidavit of service two crowns ; oath there to and attendance , two crowns two reals and three scudi . '' How exact ! —ten shillings and two pence three farthings for an oath that he had attended on himself with a Monition ! One of these bills was taxed by the Deputy Registrar , who admitted these iniquitous charges . Yes , Sir , they were allowed and admitted by Stevens the Deputy Registrar , who treats his friends with Burgundy and Champaigne out of the proceeds of captures made by the navy , from which fund , John Locker the sinecure Registrar , like the sinecure Registrar at home , also derives his unmerited emoluments . I ask , is it fit that the reward granted by his Majesty and the legislature to the navy , for the toll and risk which they undergo in making captures from the enemy , should be thus appropriated ? That I had a right , to