laws against themselves ! The right hon . gentleman ought to have known that agriculture was the basis of all national prosperity ; let him well consider what would be the immediate practical effects of this bill in restricting the grant of leases . Suppose when a man came into the market with his commodity , he should say , ' I choose gold , and refuse to take paper ; ' would not this establish two prices , and would not the only remedy then be , the establishment of a maximum ? and would not this be the fulfilment of all the prophecies of 1797 , though the right hon . gentleman had asked with such ignorant exultation , if any of those predictions were now likely to be verified ? At that late period of the session , when so many gentlemen had re-turned to their summer avocations , after what had already passed in that House upon the question , he had little hope of effectual resistance to the present bill . He understood that it was the intention of the right hon . gentleman to fix the second reading for Monday next , but as that was the day on which most of the landholders in that House would probably be occupied with the business of the quarter sessions then commencing , he thought it might be more advisable to fix the second reading either for some day this week before they left town , or what might be more convenient , for Monday sen'night . Before he sat down he should move that the clerk do read the third Resolution of the 894 Committee on the Bullion Report , in which Resolution the Committee stated it as their opinion that paper and coin were in equal public estimation . Was that the present opinion of the House ? Did they still think that the Bank-note was not depreciated ? If so , then all the mischief which usually arose from unnecessary legislative regulations was attributable to ministers for their adoption of the bill before the House . Let the House not forget , and let the country , from one end of it to the other , be in formed of the fact that the right hon . gentleman opposite had declared , that the existing state of things was such as might lead to the necessity of making Bank notes a legal tender . After they had heard this , let the public read lord Mornington 's speech , in which he described '' the progress and the fate of the assignats of France ; and let them recollect , that the same lord Mornington ( now marquis Wellesley ) was one of the leading members of the existing administration , an administration by which it was proposed to imitate the first and second steps of the French financial ministers of former days . If the present system were pursued , the Bank might and must alternately make tons of paper , which would be worth merely the value of the paper . Lord King had , most unwisely , most unjustly , most detrimentally to the general good , been called an extortioner . He was no such thing . His wish was solely to preserve his rights . If he had been an extortioner , he would have extended his notice to all his tenantry , instead of confining it to that portion to which he had confined it.—Having no faith whatever in the nostrum now proposed to remedy the evils of the state , he should oppose even the first reading of the bill , as he would oppose the opening of Pandora 's box , if it were still to be opened , and with that view he should take the sense of the House on the question . In the first place , however , he moved that the clerk read the third Resolution of the Committee on the Bullion Report , —The Resolution was accordingly read as follows : `` Resolved , That the Promissory Notes of the said company have hitherto been , and are at