go out of the country ? In answer to this question , he begged , in the first place , to observe , that we sent gold abroad for articles that were necessary , not because we preferred sending gold , out because , in me present stale of the world , we could send nothing else . Most undoubtedly it would be more for our interest to purchase what we wanted abroad with other articles , rather than gold , and those with whom we were dealing would prefer those articles to gold ; but in the present unprecedented state of things , we had no alternative . But with respect to the question which had been proposed , be could only say , that those who thought as he did , that our military operations , which we were carrying on abroad , were more important and more beneficial to the country than the retention of its gold ; those who thought it , as he did , more important that corn should be imported , and that the people should not starve , than that we should keep our gold , which we could not eat , would find very little difficulty in answering , that it was better , infinitely better , to persevere in our present course , than to incur the inevitable consequences of the measures Recommended by the gentlemen on the other side.—It had been laid down as a principle , that if there were two species of currency in a country , and that the one was depreciated , the one that was depreciated would soon drive the other out ; but however plausible that proposition appeared in theory , it was not true in fact . At the period which had been so often alluded to , when our silver was so very much depreciated , how did it happen that we retained our gold ? If the principle laid down was correct , our gold must have all disappeared . It had been said that the exchange could never fairly be more against a country than the sum that it would cost to transport goods to the country with which it was dealing . This proposition , in the ordinary state of the world , and when commerce was uninterrupted , might be true ; but was it possible to apply general principles , made for ordinary occasions , to such times as the present ? If bullion was to be found in a particular part of the world , and it was absolutely necessary that we should obtain it , why , we must of course pay 126 what might be called usurious interest for it . With respect to corn , it was the same if France had corn and we wanted it , and France would not permit us to purchase it with any other article but bullion : was it not obvious that the bullion must be sent , and the price paid , however exorbitant ? Suppose corn could be imported for 40 per cent , profit and a man was obliged to give 30 per cent , for gold , would he not naturally buy the gold at that price , because he would gain ten per cent , by the transaction . The same argument applied to the case of the army in Portugal . If the commissary , acting under the orders of the commander in chief , found that there was a deficiency of money , and yet knew that it could be procured in the country , was it to be supposed that he would not , in order to procure it , pay a greater premium for it than the transit of the sum wanted would cost from England to Portugal ? undoubtedly he would . It was ; therefore absurd to apply general principles , applicable only to commerce in its ordinary state , to the unprecedented situation of affairs at present . He wished particularly to press this part of the subject upon his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) and begged him to consider