now two years out of office , and that this was a sufficient punishment . He must deny , however , that the Duke had received any punishment at all . If he had even received any censure from the House , then he might have been said to have been forced from his situation ; but no censure whatsoever had been voted . The Duke was simply advised by his friends to resign his office , for the purpose of avoiding a vote of censure , and as it now appeared for the purpose of returning again into office at a future time . If he had not taken this course , it was notorious that a majority of the House of Commons would , on the next day , have probably agreed to a vote of 498 censure which would have rendered his removal from office unavoidable , but as he was no longer Commander in Chief , the House had wisely abstained from that vote , and had determined that they would not proceed in the discussion of his misconduct for the mere purpose of punishment when it could no longer be dangerous to the public . The Duke 's re-appointment made it now necessary to resume that consideration , and to decide whether he had not been guilty of such misconduct as disqualified him from holding that high situation . It was so manifestly necessary that the heads of the great departments of the state should not only be untainted but unsuspected , that even a suspicion of such practices as had in this case been proved , would be held sufficient to exclude any other man from public employment . Different individuals had lately been severely animadverted upon for misconduct it ) office , yet no person had as yet ventured to hold out the punishment which they had undergone as a security for their future good behaviour , and a reason for re-instating them in their former situations . It had been asked whether this exclusion from office was to be perpetual , and if not , at what period it was to expire ? To these questions he must decline giving an answer , and would only say , that it was ridiculous to speak of so short an interval as that which had elapsed since the duke 's resignation as affording any adequate pledge for amendment or reformation . He was not quite sure that the opinions and wishes of the army , about the person who was to be their Commander in Chief , were entitled to such stress as had been laid upon that argument by the right hon . Secretary . Perhaps it was not perfectly constitutional to state what was the desire of the army upon such occasions , as it was the duty of ministers to recommend the person who appeared to them to be the most fit to command the army . As to the evidence of lord Wellington with respect to the great improvements which the duke of York had made in the army , he did not see how that could now change the opinions of those who had heard the evidence before they came to their former vote . If ministers really thought it of such prodigious importance to the army that the duke of York should be Commander in Chief , why did they advise his Majesty to accept of his resignation ? He could not see with what consistency those 499 members who had before voted the connivance or participation of his royal highness in corrupt practices , could now support his return to office . For his own part , the more he considered the evidence which had been given on that investigation , the more satisfaction he felt at the vote he had then given ; and as his opinion was unchanged , he should now support the motion of the noble lord . rejoiced that he had this opportunity of retracting and confessing those errors under which he , with many others , laboured some time ago , from the delusion which then prevailed . He regarded the