arising from commerce obstructed and an immense foreign expenditure on the part of government , has thrown up the price of gold in the market of Great Britain to an unusual height , from which the farmer , having none to dispose of , receives not the smallest advantage ? But it is represented , in justification of the arrangement prescribed in lord King 's notice , taking the average of wheat between 1780 and 1797 , that it then required 18 quarters of wheat to pay a rent equal in value to a pound weight of gold , which , at the price of the day , viz . the Mint price , amounted to 44½ guineas ; that on a similar average , between 1782 and 1806 , 14½ quarters would pay the same rent , at the then medium price of gold , viz . 4l . 2s . per ounce ; but that , during the last five years , according to the average puce of wheat taken at 85s. , and gold at 4l . 7s . per ounce , the same rent might have been paid by something less than 14 quarters . The first observation which occurs upon this statement is , that lord King 's bargain 957 with his tenant was for a money , and not a corn rent ; a distinction highly material to be taken , as the former throws all the effects of increased expence of cultivation upon the landlord , the latter upon the tenant ; a given sum of money , receivable annually in rent , will purchase less of other articles , in proportion as their price is raised by additional taxes , and other expences affecting their reproduction ; whereas a given quantity of corn ought to sell for what will cover all the new expences attending its growth in rent , tithe , taxes , & c. in addition to its former price . Now if the additional charge under which wheat is grown in Great Britain , since the commencement of the period referred to , viz . from 1786 , including the improved mode of living adopted by our farmers , an incident which must influence price , is considered , it will pretty sufficiently account for the increased value of wheat , without imputing it to a depreciation in Bank notes . Indeed , the case disproves itself ; for all the facts upon which the reasoning is founded , existed in full force in the year 1809 , when gold was only 4l . per ounce , and when , according to the new theory , Bank paper was not depreciated , being at par , or nearly so , with gold , as measured by the Mint price . Besides , it may deserve notice , that during the period of comparison , not only the scale at which foreign corn is importable , has twice been raised , but the grain imported in the two later periods of comparison , viz . from 1802 to the present time , has been imported , under all the accumulated charges of war freights , and consequently has not had the same influence in keeping down the prices of grain in Great , Britain , as the foreign corn imported between 1786 and 1797 had , when we were either at peace generally , or in amity with those Slates , from whence our supply of grain is usually drawn . There is only one other view of this subject I am desirous of taking , before I dismiss this branch of the argument . Lord King seems to think his own case a hard one , and he charges his misfortunes against the Restriction Act ; but let us see in what situation his lordship and his tenant would have stood reciprocally , if that act had never passed , and matters had been allowed to take their course , it must be in some measure matter of opinion , what would have happened had the legislature not interposed in 1797 . Lord 958 King may see it in