such a scene as Great Britain has lately exhibited ; with the one hand we have been spreading cultivation over our own soil , and carrying on the commerce of the universe ; whilst with the other , we have fought successfully against the tyrant of the continent , and all his millions of subjects . Our empire of the sea we have confirmed—we drove the French out of Egypt—Portugal has been rescued—the emancipation of Spain , is , I trust , at no great distance—every possession belonging to the enemy in both the Indies has been subdued . And shall we throw away all these advantages , arising from abundant circulation , ( for on that they depend ) , and obtained during the reign of a paper currency not convertible into coin ? Shall we dismiss a fleet that rules the ocean ? Shall we disband an army the terror of its opponents ? Shall we destroy those resources which , if properly applied , may yet humble Napoleon to the dust ? And shall we submit ourselves to a ferocious , and to a conquered enemy ? because a band of speculative politicians , the Midases of modern times , who wish to convert every thing they touch into gold ; who seem , to care but little what experiments they try with the prosperity of the country , provided they can gain a petty triumph , by effecting a reduction in the price of their favourite metals , or diminishing by a few groats or stivers , the rate of our exchange ; who , contrary to the evidence that was brought before them , and in opposition to the knowledge , and to the 161 conviction of so large a proportion of their fellow subjects , ventured to report to this House , some months ago , that our currency was depreciated , and still persist in maintaining so groundless an assertion . But how does it appear that our currency is depreciated ? Is it not received as value in all pecuniary transactions ? Will it not procure every necessary , every comfort , and every luxury , of life ? With a sufficient quantity of the notes of the Bank of England , can not the holder of them purchase the most magnificent mansion house that can be erected , with all its furniture and decorations ? Or will they not be received in exchange , for the finest , the largest and the best conditioned estate that the kingdom boasts of ? And yet cur currency is depreciated . Whence can have originated this perversion in the ideas of these modern Midases ? With what delight would the Phrygian sage have witnessed the deliberations of the Bullion Committee His spirit must have inspired some of the weightiest and profoundest paragraphs in their massy Report . I wish most sincerely , that a dip in the Thames , the Tweed , or the Shannon , would prove as effectual a remedy for their metallic phrenzies , as Midas found was the case , when he was fortunately immersed in the waters of the Pactolus . I hope , at any rate , that we shall soon see an end put to these Phrygian doctrines , and to the Midassian system of the Committee . Having endeavoured to describe the state of this country , where a paper currency is fortunately established , on principles amply sufficient to guarantee its stability , let us next proceed to consider the situation of other countries , where a different system prevails , and where the precious metals are the only medium of circulation . I shall state the case as it is given us by Dupont , in his Report on the Bank of France , whose authority will not be objected to by gentlemen on the other side of the House , as he is an advocate for a paper currency convertible into coin . He says , `` in the Indies the quantity of gold and silver is enormous , and yet is always insufficient . Europe and America are constantly sending the precious