before the House , of an inclination to intro-duce what he was pleased to call modern philosophy . The same principle upon which these Bills stood , had lately been acted upon by their lordships in the framing of a Bill to consolidate into one , all the acts which made death the punishment of certain offences against the excise laws . Some of the first legal authorities in the country had given their attention , their labour , and their approbation to that measure ; and no one thought of describing it as an attempt to introduce and establish a system of criminal law , on the basis of what was termed modern philosophy . referred to the example of the disposition which men 's minds had to examine the principles upon which our criminal code was framed , a disposition which he himself felt in early life , before observation and experience had matured his judgment . Since , however , he had learned to listen to these great teachers in this important science , his ideas had greatly changed , and he saw the wisdom of the principles and practice by which our criminal code was regulated . It was impossible to observe the various forms and aspects under which offences of the same class , and liable to the same punishments , offered themselves to our view , without feeling the necessity of allowing a degree of discretion in apportioning 301 the different degree of punishment with which each should be visited . In proof of this assertion , the noble and learned lord adduced a variety of cases ; and argued for the necessity of vesting a very large share of discretion in the judges . Of this the framer of the present Hills appeared himself to be very sensible ; for , while he took away the pain of death , he allowed the judges great latitude of discretion in measuring out the punishments which he wished to substitute in the room of death . After the most serious attention , however , to these cases , it was the conviction of his mind , that as long as human nature remained what it was , the apprehension of death would have the most powerful co-operation in deterring from the commission of crimes ; and he thought it unwise to withdraw the salutary influence of that terror . The noble and learned lord disclaimed the smallest intention to impute improper motives to those who differed from him in opinion , with regard to the present bills . said , that the British nation was confessedly the most moral of any nation now known ; and if in such a nation , he observed that a great number of offences were committed , to which was attached death , he should impute such an occurrence rather to something vicious and defective in our criminal code , than to any depravity in the moral disposition of our people . When he saw that out of one hundred prosecutions , fifty or sixty convictions and executions followed , then he should be satisfied that such offences should be punished by death ; but when out of a thousand prosecutions , he observed that only one conviction and execution followed , he should also infer , that the legislature must see , that the pain of death was not applicable to such offences , on this ground he should support the motion now before the House . considered the discretion with which the judges were entrusted , as extremely beneficial . Allusion had been made by a noble lord to the Committee of that House , to whom the revenue laws , as far as respected the penalty of death , had been referred . The statement of that noble lord was not , however , correct . The fact was , that in the act which had been brought in , in consequence of their proceedings , the language of the former acts had been greatly simplified , but very few of the capital punishments had been commuted . In two instances , only , he 302