that he had numerous petitions to present to the House against the present Bill , the first of which he should move to be read . It was the joint petition of the three denominations of the dissenters in and in the vicinity of the metropolis , namely , the Presbyterian , the Baptist , and the Independent . He should say little by way of preface , except that he believed that that , as well as other petitions , would shew , that the people of this country were not so ignorant of the nature and character of a Bill brought into parliament , as not to see and to appreciate its consequences on their civil-or their religious liberty . He was happy to 235 hear from the noble Secretary of State , what he had heard from him that night , on the impolicy of such a measure . But , he must say , that the noble viscount had very fairly shaped his course in the proceedings both last session and this . He ( lord Holland ) had , last June , stated his intention to look with much care and great jealousy at any attempt to meddle with or impair the provisions the Toleration Act , and he thanked the noble viscount for having so fully explained his views this session . He could not , however , avoid expressing his surprise and regret , that the noble Secretary of State had not taken an earlier opportunity , either last session or this , of stating his prudential objections to the adoption of this measure , instead of leaving it to the present occasion , when the petitions against it were crowding in from all parts of England . He then presented the petition , which was received , and ordered to lie on the table . The noble lord next staled , that he had a great number of other petitions . said , it was desirable to know , whether any of those petitions contained matter which reflected upon , or was irregular to be presented to that House . said , that he had been unable to read them all . Several he had read , which contained no such matter . But he should feel pleasure in having them all read to the House , if it should not be too inconvenient in respect of lime . said , that he also had many petitions to present . Such was , however , the opinion he entertained of the respectability of character of the persons who had framed them , that if there was any intention shewn of casting doubts or reflections on them , he should certainly move , that any one of those which he should present should be read . The Petitions presented by lord Holland were then received , the preambles read , and ordered to lie on the table . They were from congregations in a number of places in Wiltshire , Essex , Dorset , Berks , Middlesex , & c. ; one petition was signed by above 4,000 persons . rose , and after some observations on the respectability of the petitioners , declared his readiness to take his responsibility for the propriety of the sentiments they contained . His lordship then presented a great number of Petitions from different places in London , Westminster , Surrey , Middlesex , Kent , Cam- 236 bridgeshire , Essex , Berks and Sussex , Bucks , Wilts , Leicestershire , Norfolk , Hants , Herts , Derbyshire , Warwickshire , Northamptonshire , Oxfordshire , & c. amounting to about fifty ; all which were ordered to lie on the table . then rose , and presented numerous Petitions from Bath , the Isle of Wight , Kent , and various other places , with signatures to the amount of more than ten thousand names , all which were taken as read , and ordered to lie on the table . presented a petition from a congregation at Bristol , which we understood his lordship to say , was intended to have been presented by the