state , that the law with respect to the legal tender stands now as it did in the year 1797 , except as to the arrest previous to the action . Instead of that , you heard him say something about giving relief in equity . I should be sorry to ask him to go any great length in giving his opinion here extrajudicially ; and indeed I think he has gone far enough already ; hut I hope nothing has as yet been done to make the law different from what it was intended in 1797 it should be . Now , my Lords , with respect to the proceeding of 1797 , it was considered as a temporary and necessary act , and therefore an act of wisdom ; and I think the noble and learned lord laid down the distinction accurately , that there ought to be no interference with private contracts , except in cases of necessity . Necessity then required the suspension , as I believed , and painful as it was to have recourse to that measure , still it was justified by the necessity , but by that only . I am satisfied , therefore , that the original suspension was wise , but I do not entertain the same satisfaction at the recollection that the act was continued . I have of en said , that on reflection I was long since satisfied that there was no necessity for continuing the suspension till the end of the then existing war , and of course , that the continuation was improper . I deeply regret , my Lords , that it took place , and therefore I protest against any inference being drawn from that circumstance . Noble lords argue upon a complete fallacy , upon a total misrepresentation , when they describe the situation of the country as resting upon the act of 1797 . That measure extended the suspension no further than the conclusion of the then existing war . But it was continued when the necessity had ceased—when 1 , standing almost alone , most earnestly opposed , the 857 measures that were then pursued ; and in no part of my public conduct do I exult more than in that opposition . Every shadow of necessity had vanished : the country was in a situation in point of public credit , of finance , of currency , of the rate of exchange , that no longer required any regulation of this kind ; the price of bullion , and , in short , every thing that any man had ever conceived as affecting this question , became so favourable , that it was not only advantageous , but perfectly easy to have put an end to the restriction . The act was continued first for a short time , and at last till the end of the war . When the present war broke out , it was likewise continued till the end of this war ; but upon no argument that would not equally apply in the case of any war whatever ; and thus , in addition to the hardships and burthens to which war necessarily subjects the country , it is to be always exposed to the additional misfortune of being enfeebled in the means by which the war must be carried on . There was not a shadow of pretence for continuing the restriction at that period . My noble friend said , that the bank directors came to the ministers , beseeching them to remove the suspension . I give them credit for their conduct , I give them credit for foreseeing , not only the injury to themselves , but the mischief which the restriction must occasion to the country , if continued during the whole course of the war . There is another small observation not to be passed over ; when the system is defended on the ground of the act of 1797 , let noble lords consider the difference in the situation of the country . When the restriction was imposed in 1797 , it was done in the firm