to the believer in the divinity of our Saviour . But let me ask you , if you have forgotten what was the faith of your ancestors , or if you are prepared to assert that the men who made your liberties are unfit to make your laws ? Or do you forget the tempests by which the dissenting classes of the community were at a former period agitated , or in what manner you fixed the rule of peace over that wild scene of anarchy and commotion ? If we attend to the present condition and habits of these classes , do we not find their controversies subsisting in full vigour ? and can it be said that their jarring sentiments and clashing interests are productive of any disorder in the state , or that the Methodist himself , in all his noisy familiarity with his Maker , is a dangerous or disloyal subject ? Upon what principle can it be argued then that the application of a similar policy would not conciliate the Catholics and promote the general interest of the empire ? I can trace the continuance of their incapacities to nothing else than a political combination—a combination that condemns the 376 Catholics not because they are idolators but because they are suspected men . The Catholic is excluded not because his religion is considered as his crime , but because it is looked upon as the evidence of his disloyalty . By this doctrine the religion is not regarded so much an evil in itself as a perpetual token of political disaffection ; of eternal opposition to your government . In the spirit of this liberal interpretation you once decreed to take away their arms , and on another occasion ordered all Papists to be removed from London . In the whole subsequent course of administration down to the present time the religion has continued to be esteemed the infallible symptom of a disposition to oppose—of a propensity to rebel . Known or suspected Papists were once the objects of the severest jealousy , and the bitterest enactments . Some or the penal statutes have been repealed , and the jealousy has since somewhat abated , but the same suspicions , although in a less degree , pervade your councils—your imaginations are still infected with apprehensions of the prone-ness of the Catholics to maintain a connection not with the religion of their ancestors , but with a foreign power . Is it known , I would ask , that such a connection exists now ? The government has made a league with the King of the two Sicilies against France . Has the religion of that Sovereign , who is a Roman Catholic , been considered in that instance as evidence of a connection with the enemy of this country ? A similar treaty has been recently entered into with the Prince Regent of Portugal , professing the Roman Catholic religion , and one million granted last year , and two millions this session , for the defence of Portugal ; nay even in the treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal , there is an article , which stipulates that we shall not make peace with France , unless Portugal shall be restored to the House of Braganza ; and has the Prince of Basil 's religion been considered evidence of his connection with the enemy ? In short , this country has now no ally but a Catholic left . Can we , then , consider the Catholic religion as evidence of a connection with the enemy ? Or can we employ the blood and treasure of the Irish Catholic in support of our Catholic allies , and say that their religion is in them an evidence of connection with an enemy against whom they are bravely defending these allies ? Now , if the Catholic religion be no evidence of any connection with the enemy , 377 is the Protestant any proof of attachment to England ? Has the government by the statement of dangers to a common religion succeeded in detaching America from all connection with France , or secured her co-operation