He was aware that it was often and justly said , that the duty of a member of parliament was paramount to every other ; but a duty he conceived likewise to be of a very imperious nature , had compelled him to be recently absent for a considerable time . At a period when , by the military regulations and institutions of parliament ( and he begged to be understood as not censuring them ) , the whole population of the country must in twelve years pass under military law , it appeared to be incumbent on all country gentlemen to direct their attention to this subject , so far as it lay within the sphere of their influence . This it was which had lately called him from his parliamentary duties . It was now evidently too late in the session to do justice either to the subject or to the House , in bringing forward his motion , but early in the next it was his intention so to do . said , as he had taken so many opportunities to notify his intention of persisting in giving his support to every effort for obtaining parliamentary reform , and as the necessity for it increased every day , he would not then enter into a discussion on the subject . He was sorry the hon . gentleman would not bring forward his motion in the present session , although he had assigned a very good reason for the conduct he had pursued . The hon . baronet seemed to assume , that the petition did not contain the sense of the majority of those possessing property in Kent , because the meeting had only been attended by the inhabitants of the county . But this was far from being conclusive , for it was more than probable that the meeting had been attended by a very great proportion of freeholders ; and he did not think that there was any reason 568 to suppose that the Petition did not speak the sense of the non-resident freeholders , as well as of the inhabitants . The freeholders necessarily having a share in the representation , which many of the inhabitants had not , he thought a very strong reason for calling the latter together . He looked upon the statement of the hon . baronet to be an assumption not borne out by any proof . observed , he merely meant to state , that the sentiments contained in the petition were not those of the county at large . professed his hearty concurrence in the prevalent desire for a Reform of the Representation . He believed that what dissatisfaction existed in the minds of the people was to be attributed to the want of that reform . He rose , however , now to give notice , that early in the next session , he intended to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the enormous expences of contested elections . ( Hear ! ) If he should be so happy as to succeed in this object , he should then move for a repeal of the Septennial Act . did not believe , as had been stated , that the majority of the people of England were in favour of parliamentary reform . At particular periods the people appeared to be intent on the measure ; but , when they saw into whose hands it had got , they recovered their usual good sense . observed , it was most fallacious to assert , that the people returned with pleasure to their imperfect state of representation , when they beheld in whose hands the question of parliamentary reform was placed . He would call the attention of the hon . gent . who had made the assertion , and of the House , to those great men who had supported the measure—the late Mr. Pitt , sir G. Saville , and that right honourable personage on whose model the gentlemen opposite professed to ground themselves . Could these be considered as men whose recommendation would have the effect stated by the hon .