return to the earth from whence it came . '' These very same arguments which led to the forced currency and consequent depreciation of assignats , and all the dreadful consequences which followed ! Could any thing be more mischievous than for his noble friend to state , that if we returned to a cash circulation , the taxes could not be paid , that the public creditor could not be paid , or that the army and navy must be disbanded for want of pay . On the contrary , it was impossible that a sound and healthy circulation could be restored without resuming payments in gold . The convenience of a paper circulation was always admitted , but it could only be received as part of a healthy circulation when convertible at pleasure into cash . The effect of his noble friend 's propositions would be to make Bank notes a legal tender under another form , it would alter the nature of all pre-existing contracts , and must produce an enormous rise in the price of all commodities . The natural consequence must be a maximum . What also was to prevent the Bank entries from being depreciated in the same manner as the Bank notes were ? It was impossible to prevent this depreciation whilst the present system continued . He could bring evidence to prove at their lordships ' bar , if the subject was gone into , that 3 per cent . consols had been bought at 57 for gold , and at 64 for paper . It was also notorious , that there `` ere shops in this metropolis where two prices were regularly noted in gold and in paper . He was old fashioned enough to believe that gold was necessary to a sound and healthy circulation ; and he thought the House ought not to give currency to the doctrines contained in the resolutions of his noble friend , by ordering them to be printed . , in explanation , said he had not alledged that the taxes , the public Creditor , the army and navy , could not be paid without gold , but without a circulating medium . His noble friend , who had made one of the best speeches upon the Roxburgh case , had made as bad a speech now as his speech was good then . As to a meeting in Palace-yard , he really believed that there were many persons amongst the inhabitants of Westminster who understood this subject quite as well as his noble friend . observed , that the subject might be discussed any where , it depended upon the manner in which it was treated . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; having been twice foiled in ray attempts to obtain the papers which the right hon . the Treasurer of the Navy ( Mr. Rose ) did not judge proper to produce with the rest of his correspondence relative to the Fisgard 's Prizes , I am desirous to know if I may avail myself of the third notice , that I should move for them on the first sitting day ? — [ After a few words from Mr. Yorke and Mr. Stephen , the noble lord was permitted to proceed . ] Sir ; being permitted to proceed , I must express my surprize that the right hon . treasurer should have thought proper to trouble the House with his private correspondence , unless he imagined that the strong assertions contained in his letter to captain Mason would be received as proof that the conduct of the courts of admiralty did not require investigation ; but merited the vote in which he concurred last session , that it was advantageous to the captors and beneficial to the public service . The contrary opinion which I then held , has been confirmed , and farther experience convinces me , that the abuses which this letter is calculated to prolong , cost the nation not less than five millions a year in additional naval establishments . Under this impression I crave the indulgence of the House whilst I make