coin existing at the Revolution . Early in the year 1694 , a Committee of the House of Commons was appointed to receive proposals how to prevent the clipping of tile coin and the exportation of silver , which reported on the 10th of March . Though their Report was not acted upon during the remainder of that session , the subject was resumed at the meeting of parliament , in November 1694 , and an act passed to prevent clipping the coin of this kingdom ( 6 and 7 W. 3 , c . 17 . ) By this act penalties were enacted against persons giving more for silver money than the current value—against persons buying and selling clippings , or having them in their possession ; and the export of silver bullion , except under strict regulations , was prohibited . These circumstances , I think , prove that the degradation of the coin was a consequence of the demand for bullion occasioned by the difficulty of defraying the expenses of the war abroad , as we find the petition of the goldsmiths respecting the exportation and scarcity of silver coin pre- 22 ceded any complaints of the clipping of the coin . This opinion is confirmed by the statement of Davenant , in a long memorial , dated November 1695 , and preserved among the Harleian MSS . in the British Museum '' He tells us that , `` the opinion , which all along prevailed , that peace was near in view , made us imprudent . First , the foreign coin and bullion went ; then foreign commodities , our own country goods , and bullion obtained by clipping . '' His statement is confirmed by the no less competent authority-of Gregory King , who estimates the decrease of the coined silver in 1695 , to be from 8,500,000l . to 4,500,000l . ; and that of the uncoined , from 500,000l . to 100,000l . The opinion of the Bullion Committee , namely , that , in the case we are considering , the fall of the exchange was occasioned by the depreciation of the coin , must , therefore , be the reverse of the fact , since it appears , on the contrary , that the military expenses abroad producing an unfavourable exchange , and an exportation of bullion , were the cause of the depreciation of the coin . In 1695 , the difficulty was increased to such a degree , as to occasion a general controversy as to the measures which , ought to be adopted . Three different plans were suggested : The first , supported by Mr. Locke , was in favour of an immediate recoinage at the public expence , and at the full weight and fineness then established by the mint indentures . The second , maintained by Mr. Lowndes , the Secretary of the Treasury , was for a recoinage at a reduced weight as a temporary expedient during the war ; or , which , was also suggested by many other writers , and recommended by the Committee in 1694 , an increase of the current value of the coin . The third , which is proposed by Davenant in the memorial I have alluded to , opposes both these plans , and suggests some temporary expedients , the most considerable of which is the raising a loan in Holland . The opinion of Mr. Locke prevailed . On the 10th of December 1695 , the resolutions of a Committee of the House of Commons , recommending the recoinage of the clipped money , were reported to the House , and , with some amendments , agreed to . On the 14th of December , an address 23 was voted by the House , praying the King to stop the currency of clipped money ; and on the 4th of January following , his Majesty returned an answer promising to issue a proclamation accordingly . On the 21st of January 1695–6 an act for remedying the ill state of the coin , received the royal assent . Other acts passed in the same session