namely , that it might not seem as if the enquiry was merely suspended , and might be revived against him at any future period , nay might even be brought forward as a reason to exclude his royal highness from the throne , should the succession ever open to him . He had resigned , however , and the House did not proceed any farther . It was unnecessary to do so ; the object of the House was accomplished . He did not expect , at the time , that within two years from that date , in the very same parliament in which the Resolution in question had been come to , any ministers would have been found hardy enough to restore his royal highness ; and such , he was convinced , was the impression of the House . By this step ministers had placed the House in a most uncalled for and most disrespectful embarrassment ; and on that account , he should support the motion . He did not deny that there were great advantages to be derived from the duke of York being Commander in Chief ; but there were inconveniences also . There was great responsibility attached to such a situation ; and he was afraid the splendour of his royal highness 's station might be supposed to diminish or detract from that responsibility . said , in bringing forward the address which he had submitted to 485 the House in the course of the inquiry , he had discharged a painful duty : He saw no proof of any direct , or even implied , corruption on the part of his royal highness , but a degree of misconduct of which it was proper that the House should express their opinion . His right hon . friend who spoke last , however , had mistaken his view in stating that his object in moving the Address was to produce the resignation , or removal from office of his royal highness . He had , both in public and in private , to several members , disclaimed such an idea , and had expressed an opinion that his royal highness might continue in office with greater propriety after such an Address than before . He only meant the Address to operate as a reprehension of his royal highness for the connection which had led to these improprieties , and to be a check upon him in future , better than if the matter had passed over without any admonition . The word 'now ' , too , was expressly omitted to mark the opinion of the House , that the removal from office was not to be unlimited , or to amount to a total prohibition against his return to office . The charge now brought before the House was , that the appointment of the Duke of York was indecorous , because it was contrary to the express sense of the House . The omission of this very word now , he contended left it open for after consideration , whether he should be restored or not , as circumstances should seem to warrant . Indeed , it was but consistent with common sense and reason that the House should have left this to itself . The noble lord said that removal from office was no punishment . Was his royal highness , however , not degraded for the period of his removal ? Had parliament said , that for this impropriety of which his royal highness had been guilty his removal from office should be total ? It had not said so ; and therefore the only question was whether the House was now called on to consider the propriety or impropriety of this exercise of the prerogative . That he did not think the House was called on to do : there was nothing here done contrary to the declared sense of the House . declared that he would not give a silent vote on the present occasion . Since the period when the inquiry on this subject was before the House , circumstances had occurred which tended materially