He was proud in being the father of the Bill , but having delivered it over to the nursery , he should leave the noble lords on the other side to nurse it as they pleased . had no intention , when he entered the House , of troubling their lordships with a word upon the subject ; He could not , however , avoid taking notice of some observations which had just been made by his noble friend . A new system had , it seemed , now been introduced , under which noble lords , members of that House , were to be called upon , not only to answer for their public Conduct , but for their private conduct , for conduct which they , in their private concerns , had deem- 837 ed it necessary to adopt , under the sanction and authority of the law of the land , in order that they might secure to themselves the real value of their property . He depreciated the clamour which it was attempted to raise against landlords , who resorted to the means which the law placed in their hands of securing themselves against the loss which they must otherwise sustain from a depreciated paper currency . He was sure that his noble friend ( lord King ) never had it in his intention to oppress his tenants , nor could such a charge be with the least fairness made against him or others , who merely sought , by the means which the law gave them , to receive the fair value of their property . The present Bill was only the precursor of other measures the most mischievous to the country . They could not stop here . If once they adopted this measure , it must be followed by others the most destructive to the vital interests of the country.—His noble friend who spoke last had , in order to shew that there was no depreciation , given a most whimsical definition of a pound sterling , that is to say , what a banker chose to write in his book as a pound sterling , that is to say , what a banker chose to write as a pound sterling in his book . The noble lord must surely be aware , that a poured sterling was so much of lawful money of Great Britain , in the current coin of the country , of a requisite weight and fineness . The law had wisely provided this , in order to guard the subject against a depreciated standard ; and were they now to be told that a pound sterling and a depreciated note were of equal value He should be ashamed to waste their lordships ' time in proving that which was so clear , namely , that the notes of the Bank of England were depreciated . It was clear that compared with the price of gold they were depreciated ; but they were told on a former evening that the fall in the price of sugar , hides , and other articles , proved that there was no depreciation . Let them , however , look to articles of daily and weekly expence , and then say whether the extreme rise in the price of those articles did not clearly prove the depreciation of the paper currency ? The noble lord had urged the justice of placing the public creditor and the tenantry of the country upon a par . What , however , was this but saying , that however depreciated the state of the paper in which the public creditor received Payment , the proprietor of land must 838 be placed in the same situation It was not an act of justice to the public creditor , but of injustice to the landholder . The latter , in endeavouring to receive the fair value of his property secure from the effects of a depreciated currency , was acting fairly and legally . Suppose the paper to be depreciated 80 or 90 instead of 20 or 30 percent , was the landholder to submit to be stripped of