had heard of Irish reciprocity ; if this was not it , he could not conceive in what it consisted . The English distillers had gone on , trusting to the assurances of the right hon . gent . that things should con- 631 tinue formerly , and one of those understood agreements was , that the non-inter-course with Ireland should continue for three months after the conclusion of the session of Parliament . The question was , whether parties who complained were not the best judges of the grievances they suffered ? They said to the right hon . gent . `` If we can not have things as we wish them to be , let them stand as they are . The right hon . gent . said , `` No ; you must have what we are willing to give you . '' This was not what the English distillers had a right to expect from him . The 'rights of the country were thus sacrificed ; and if the corn distillery of England was to be stripped for the convenience of Ire-land , then had the landed interest of Eng-land more reason to complain than they would have had in the case of the distillation from sugar . In the one only a fair advantage was given to the importers of sugar ; in the other , an unfair advantage was given to the corn grower of Ireland . All that the English distillers asked was , that in the article of notice previous to proceeding to the distilling for exportation , the three countries should be put on a footing . The right hon . gent. , on the other hand , did not make this reciprocal , but imposed on Ireland only as much of the burden as he thought proper . What the English distillers here demanded was only suspension of intercourse , or justice , no more . argued in support of the Bill . The countervailing duties imposed by the act of the Union , were equal to the internal duties on the imports of spirits from Great Britain into Ireland , and from Ireland into Great Britain—imposing , how-ever , a drawback on the export equal to the countervailing duty . At the Union , the countervailing duty in Ireland was fixed at 3s.7d . per quarter—the drawback was , of course , the same . By the 48th of the king , the duty was raised to 5s . 8d . and the countervailing duty was declared to be also 5s . 8d . The 50th of the king repealed the 48th , and lowered the duty to 3s . 4d . without imposing my countervailing duty . The intercourse being now `` pen , the drawback was 3s . 7d . and of course excessive , the duty being only 3s . 4d . A countervailing duty of 3s . 4d . was then introduced . But this drawback , thus reduced to 3s . 4d , the British distiller contended to be still excessive , and demanded a suspension of the spirit trade between the two countries , which would 632 deprive the Irish distiller of his undoubted right of coming into the British market , upon his paying the countervailing duty as existing in Great Britain ; and this too , while the British distiller affected to com-plain of his being shutout of a market , not only open to him on fair terms , but which he had never been disposed to resort to . The Irish distiller had , indeed , a strong ground of complaint against the Scots distiller , who went into the Irish market , receiving as a drawback the British and not the Scots duty , two shillings more than he paid , while the Irish spirits came into the Scots market paying the British instead of the Scots duty . When in 1804 , the British distiller complained of certain internal advantages under which the Irish distiller came into the British market , the Irish distiller was quickly dispossessed of what it was scarce worth the trouble to deprive