that occurred to his mind , he should be ashamed of setting his foot again into that House if he could be supposed for a moment to have insinuated that the judges 852 were actuated by any improper motive ; all that he meant was , that they had arguments at length upon the question , and after much discussion had come to that decision . The Bill was again rendered necessary to prevent other landlords from taking a most undue and unfair advantage of their tenants . The noble lord ( King ) of whom he wished to speak with every respect , had in his notices to his tenants certainly acted equitably upon the principles he had adopted in his own mind , by making a difference in his demands according to the different dates of his contracts with his tenants . But , how many landlords were there who would pay no attention to this distinction ? And who could say , `` I do not care about the price of gold a '' this or that period ; if my lord King can get gold from his tenants , I can do the same at the full rate at which it can be obtained . '' He would put another case , to shew the necessity of the Bill , that of a young professional man , for instance , struggling with the world , who had a rent of 90l . per annum to pay , and had 3,000l . 3 per cent . Consols . His lordship demanded his rent in gold , but the Bank refused to pay him his dividend in gold . Would not this be a grievous injustice ? An individual so circumstanced might justly say— '' As a public creditor , I am refused any other payment than in Banknotes ; but here is a legislator , one of those by whose act I am so refused to be paid , except in Bank-notes , insists upon my paying him his rent in gold , which I can not procure , and because I can not procure it , my goods are to be distrained . '' Would not such cases as these be a grievous oppression ? He was peculiarly situated with respect to this question , having in his situation the official care of 25 millions of the property of his Majesty 's subjects , and without the means of enforcing the payment of any part of that sum except in Bank-notes . He repeated , that so long as it was deemed expedient to continue the measure of 1797 , this Bill must become a part of it , otherwise there would be no equality in the situation of contracting parties equally entitled to protection , nor would equal justice be dealt out to those who had equal claims to it , for there could be no justice in leaving the tenant who had tendered Bank-notes , exposed to be distrained upon by his landlord , whilst the debtor in other cases who had tendered Bank-notes , was exempted from arrest . To those who called for the repeal of 853 the act of 1797 , he would say that that system ought not to be destroyed to which we were so materially indebted for those exertions which had so largely contributed to the welfare , the prosperity , and the glory of the country . He did not profess to understand the subject , but of this he was firmly convinced , that if this Bill did not pass , the act of 1797 remaining in force , that equal justice would not be done , nor would that mode of relief to which all were equally entitled , be fairly and impartially dealt out to all his Majesty 's subjects . The Bill was therefore absolutely necessary , in order that all having the same claims of justice might be placed upon the same footing of equality by the legislature . would not follow the noble and learned lord in his observations on the Catholic question , but would come immediately to the subject