the former discussions had ripened into an act of parliament , there might be some difficulty as to the period when it might be necessary to act , whether it should be sooner or later ; but he thought there could be little difference of opinion , in future , as to the manner of proceeding . He thought , therefore , that any further provision than that of securing the meeting of parliament within a given time after the recurrence , was superfluous and improper . With respect to the question respecting the possibility of the crown falling into the hands of an infant , if there was no person between that 553 infant and the present sovereign , it would be wise to do what had been already done ill similar cases ; but in former times the crown had itself superintended the making of such provisions . So long , therefore , as two lives were between that infant and the throne , he thought it would be improper to call for the consideration of this question . observed , that the assembling of parliament , in the event of the recurrence of his Majesty 's indisposition , was provided for by the existing act . On that ground , and on that ground alone , it appeared to him not necessary at the present moment to take any steps on the subject . At the same time he was of opinion , that on a future occasion means should be take to secure the assembling of parliament as soon as possible after such an event . It was quite impossible , however , that parliament should lay down before hand , all which it might be proper to do under every variety of circumstances . did not conceive it possible that parliament should now enact , that parliament should not be at any time prorogued . This was one of the functions of ministers for which they were responsible , and for all abuses of this sort , ministers were particularly responsible . But to enact now that on any occasion , parliament should not be prorogued at the pleasure of the crown , was to change one of the fundamental principles of the constitution—it was enacting a principle which might be carried hereafter , as it had been formerly carried , to a most dangerous extent . When a case occurred , or on the case of recovery , parliament assembled , would provide for the recurrence . His right hon . friend had thought it enough to provide means at present for the reassembling of parliament ; but he wished to add , that in his opinion , parliament ought to provide ; what had hitherto been anomalous ought to be regular in future , and the settled course of the constitution . He thought , however , that the difference which existed as to the mode of supplying the difficiency of the executive power , should be submitted to them at a time when the executive government was in full force—when the consideration of the question could not involve the nation in anarchy or confusion—when it could be considered with perfect coolness , and not with the heat of party—and when it could be considered as an abstract question , compared with 554 the principles of the constitution , and with the recent practice . They should then provide that parliament should meet within the shortest time after the recurrence , and should lose no time , as formerly . The mode was of little importance compared with the ascertaining of that mode . The discussion which took place about the time when parliament should meet , and the mode of proceeding , occupied the greatest part of the time of parliament formerly . If this was settled , all that would in future be necessary to do would be soon accomplished . He thought it was impossible to take a view beforehand of all possible cases . The hon . gentleman had put the case of a minor with the duke of York at the head of the army . It Would