lord Jocelyn approved of the measure . After a few words from colonel Lemon , the motion was put and carried . moved for a copy of lord Liver-pool 's letter to Governor Hislop of Trinidad , refusing to establish the British constitution in that Island , and stating the reasons for that refusal ; for the Articles of Capitulation of Trinidad ; the commission appointing Mr. Smith , first Alcalde , or chief judge , & c. & c. said , he would have opposed the motion if he could have done so-without entering into particulars . It could do no good to bring the subject forward at present , and might do a great deal of harm . As he could not oppose the motion without entering into the subject , he would allow it to pass . He concluded by stating , that if the object was to shew that the British constitution should have been introduced into Trinidad , he would move for a petition of the free people of colour in that island , against the measure presented in July 1810 . He would then leave it to the discretion of the hon . gent. , whether he would proceed farther in the business . reported from the Com- 135 mittee of the whole House , to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which , in the last session of parliament , was made from the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the high price of Bullion , and to take into consideration the state of the circulating medium , and of the exchanges between Great Britain and foreign parts , the Resolutions which they bad directed to be reported to the House ; and the same were read . [ For the Resolutions see p . 69 . ] On the motion for the second reading of the said Resolutions , rose , and declared that he felt very reluctant , after the long and able discussion which had already taken place upon this subject , to offer any thing further to the attention of the House . But having had the honour to be a member of the Bullion Committee , and having also concurred in all the opinions expressed in its Report , he trusted that he might be indulged for a short time with their intention . He apprehended that among all the gentlemen who had spoken on this question , none had sufficiently considered what might be the consequence of a perseverance in our present system . Much bad been very justly said on the virtual breach of faith towards the public creditor , and it was impossible that too much anxiety could be felt on that point . The debate had , however , in his judgment , done much good in drawing from those who opposed the conclusions of the Bullion Report , some concessions which had been obstinately withheld in many of the pamphlets by which that Report had been followed . With only one exception , every member who had joined , in the discussion had disclaimed all belief in or adherence to any imaginary standard , in the constitution of our monied system , and that exception was the noble lord under the gallery ( lord Castlereagh ) , whose criterion was still more fanciful and wild than any he had ever heard of . The standard had been moreover acknowledged to be the precious metals , and the only point in dispute between his hon . friend near him and the right hon . gent . below him was , whether as bullion or , as coin they were the most effectual and undoubted standard . This was a point he thought of no great importance , since coin alone derived its value from the quantity of bullion which it contained . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had also distinctly admitted in his speech on the preceding evening , that a 136 diminution of the issues of the Bank would operate favourably on the exchanges , but argued that that was a good overbalanced by the political mischief by which