success , shewed a resistance which was a proof of the innate valour of that gallant nation , and an earnest of still greater exertions . When the height was gained by the French , the efforts of our troops were such in regaining it as to equal the greatest examples ever afforded of martial prowess . Their lordships had lately had repeated opportunities of observing what was the gallant conduct of British troops ; but from all the private letters which had reached this country , the victory then under consideration exhibited traits of individual character which were proofs of complete heroism . The corps of British troops , amounting to 8,000 men , were determined not to be conquered . The general himself , in his various experience , had never seen a parallel to their efforts . It must be most gratifying to contemplate the excellent conduct of our allies . Every occasion tended still farther to shew the good effects of that discipline which general sir W. Beresford had introduced and carried to so high a pitch among the Portuguese . After the battle of Busaco , it was natural to say , that although in that strong position the Portuguese did their duty , yet when they should come to face an enemy in the field , they might not succeed 513 equal to the expectations that many had formed of them . In this case they were peculiarly tried , and there was the authority of the general , and many officers , for saying that they manœuvred ill the face of the enemy 's fire in a manner equal to the British troops . There was the same ground of justification in the conduct of the Spanish troops . If , unfortunately , there was any former ground of regret , the occasion had now occurred when Spanish and British troops had united with the utmost cordiality , and conquered . The enemy had failed in his object ; had been repulsed , and compelled to retire with severe loss . By the judicious arrangements of our general before the battle took place , the enemy was prevented , ill any event , from taking possession of our artillery and stores . By the result of the action we were enabled to recommence our operations . Viewing the number of the troops employed , we had certainly suffered a severe loss ; a loss under such circumstances seldom surpassed ; but it was consolatory to know they were not lost in a wanton conflict . The conduct of our general had been in perfect conformity to the instructions he had received from lord Wellington . While he deplored the loss , feeling as he did , and particularly with regard to some who had fallen , whom he had the honour of knowing , and particularly general Hoghton , he must still think , and he was sure their lordships would think that it was most honourable to the arms of the allied nations , and deserving of the thanks of that House . It was his intention , after moving Thanks to general Beresford and the Army under his command , to move a similar tribute to the Portuguese and Spanish armies . The noble secretary concluded with moving Thanks to general Beresford , and the British troops under his command . seconded the motion . After expressing his deep sense of the merits of this battle , and his general agreement with what had fallen from the noble earl he mentioned some degree of surprise that no similar notice had been taken of the great merits of lord Wellington , in the battle of Fuentes de Honor ; an action , which his lordship conceived , fully entitled him to a vote of thanks from that House , which was distinguished by a most masterly manœuvre , and which the thanks of the House recently voted to his lordship was no reason , in his mind , for preventing . explained , that the thanks had been given to lord Wellington for the general system of the campaign . There would