his hands , and persevered in your submission , without any effort to procure a relaxation of them ? If the Irish people submitted at that period with reluctance , would you under similar circumstances have submitted with any other feeling ? Whenever sects wage their war of persecution against each other , they will proceed to the last extremes of hostility . Theirs is no ordinary or generous warfare . When one sect takes away , while in possession of power , the civil and religious liberties of another , it must inevitably happen , that that other , when restored to power , will retaliate by a confiscation of property . This is a law of human nature . If one sect prove intolerant , another will confiscate . We have incontestible evidence-of this in what took place at the period to which I am alluding . An Act of Attainder was passed against three thousand persons on account of their religion , and it was remarkable that those individuals were all men of property . This was forfeited accordingly to the crown , and parcelled out to its favourites . But what do I infer from this ? —nothing against the Catholics 373 or against the Protestants ; it was a war of sects . I would recommend therefore to parliament to get rid of the system of persecution at once , and to embrace the system of harmony . In the reign of Charles 1 , forfeiture was a standing branch of the revenue ; the claims of the crown respected no charters ; it held secret no private rights ; it was not restrained by common shame from despoiling the people of Ireland of their property and estates.—On that occasion the government wished the people to embark their properties on the same security with the establishments ; the people gave in their title deeds , but the master of the rolls , an officer of the government , omitted to register them ; and the government was flagrant and wicked enough to take advantage of the omission , and seize upon the property . Even an impudent subject had the audacity to take upon himself the perfidy of the crown ; and to declare to the people , that the charters of Ireland were not valid , and that the king of England was not bound by any law . It was this perfidious act that laid the foundation for the blood and massacre which ensued , and which were only the legitimate offspring of the unprincipled baseness and perfidy of a tyrannical , wicked , and illegal government . But it has been asserted , that after the accession of the House of Han-over , the Catholics of Ireland were not well affected to the government . This I most positively deny . It is no wonder that they should have been considered as dissatisfied : they had been too much injured to be trusted ; and it was thence inferred that they could not be well affected to the government , except upon a principle of rare and stoical virtue . You may depend upon it , that not Catholic alone nor Protestant but every Irishman will be effected towards that government according to the manner in which that country shall be governed ; and that no dependance is to be placed upon any Irishman , either Catholic or Protestant , unless they are governed upon the same principles as the people of this country . From this therefore , I infer the necessity of repealing the laws for disqualifying the greatest portion of the people of Ireland , and for keeping alive such odious and painful distinctions in that country . Having said thus much as to the fact , I must beg leave to add a few words with respect to what has been and still is the established principle of the British go- 374 vernment in Ireland . That principle is neither more nor less than a principle of disqualification ; a government by the law of conquest . It is impossible that any government can be conducted long upon