capture , the dates of the general distribution to the captors , and when paid into Chelsea hospital , with the appropriation of the several sums , to the 24th of March 1811 , '' He then moved for leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the 49th of his Majesty , which 288 had been enacted for the purpose of affording every opportunity to the soldier to procure his Prize Money , which , if not claimed within a certain time , went to the chest of Chelsea hospital . In consequence of that Act , 280,000l . which had been in the hands of agents , was paid into the hospital . As much of that money had been acquired in the early part of the war , in the years 1793 and 1794 , it was very probable that it would never be claimed . It was therefore considered proper that instead of permitting it to remain useless , the public service should be benefited by it , taking care that sufficient provision should be made to discharge any claims which might hereafter be made on this fund . This regulation would render necessary a number of new clauses , which were as follow ; 1st , to indemnify the treasurer for any sums paid out of the unclaimed prize money for the public service ; 2d , to enable him to pay sums under 20l . without obliging the party claiming to administer to the person deceased , the expenses of administering being so great , as in many instances , to deter individuals from claiming small sums ; 3d , to enable the treasurer to direct precepts to army paymasters who had not distributed the sums entrusted to them ; 4th , to permit the treasurer to pay prize money to the representatives of foreign soldiers , in the British service , who had died intestate , without calling on them to administer , and 5th , to authorise an account to be laid before parliament , at stated periods , of the unclaimed army prize money.—Leave was given to bring in the Bill . prefaced his motion upon the present state of the Theatres in the Metropolis with a few observations , which were scarcely audible in the gallery . He stated that before they proceeded to consider nest session the propriety of erecting an additional Theatre , it was , he thought , desirable that they should in the interim endeavour to ascertain the existing state of the drama , as well as the privileges exercised by the present theatres , to the monopoly of exclusive departments in the drama . He did not mean at present to go into any sort of detailed reasoning upon the question . The abstract principle upon which his motion and all similar applications , were grounded , was this simple proposi- 289 tion , namely , that the innocent and instructive amusement of the public was in itself a good , that to that good the public had prima facie an unquestionable right , and that no restrictions should be put upon the enjoyment of that right , but upon cogent reasons for so doing , and that any extraordinary restriction could only be justified upon the grounds of absolute necessity , or those of a political expediency , rendered by circumstances nearly as obligatory . The investigation he now in-tended to move for became the more necessary on account of the mummeries now exhibiting in some of the theatres , which indeed called for the interposition of that House , as having so direct a tendency to deprave the taste and injure the morals of the people , and which ought of necessity to be put down . He did not mean that his present motion should interfere at all with the interests of the renters in the late Drury lane theatre . He then moved , That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into and report upon the present state of the Dramatic and Scenic Representation at the Theatres in this metro-polis , together with the grounds and nature of