in consequence of an assurance from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that he would bring forward a measure of redrew 575 in the following session . But when that session arrived nothing more was done than a renewal made of that promise by the noble lord who was then secretary for Ireland . In the next session there was still no measure , but a new promise made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr . Pole ) . Under these circumstances , therefore , I feel that I have a good claim upon the House to take the business into their own hands , and to give that remedy which it seems ministers are either unwilling or unable to afford . Though it is not by any means my intention at this time to enter into the details of this most important question , I wish to take this opportunity of endeavouring to expose the inaccuracy of the statements of some facts which bear upon it . It is of the first importance that the House should rightly understand the probable numbers of the people of Ireland , and of them what proportion belong to the established church . A right hon . doctor ( Duigenan ) said very lately in his place , that the people of Ireland did not exceed three millions and a half , and that of these , two millions only were Catholics . He grounded his statement on the essay of Mr. Bushe . I have examined that essay , and feel no hesitation in saying , that if ever a statement was made in this House more unfounded than another , it is this statement of the learned doctor ; for so far from Mr. Bushe having said any thing in his essay , from which it was to be inferred that at this time the people of Ireland amounted only to three millions and a half , he has proved that in the year 1791 , they amounted to 4,200,000 . Mr. Chalmers , whose authority with gentlemen on the opposite side stands very high as a person of great practical experience , has examined this essay of Mr. Bushe ; and he draws the same inference . The manner in which this calculation was made , whatever may be its defects , has this advantage ; that it was quite conclusive as to the numbers being as great as have been stated , because the actual existence of a certain number of houses was fully ascertained by the collectors of the hearth-tax , and the average number of persons in each house by the actual enumeration of those living in so large a number of them , as to afford good grounds for taking the average which was adopted . The defect of the plan was , that it was not the way of ascertaining the whole of the population , for Mr. Bushe says , that although sworn officers were appointed to 576 collect the duty , and after the frauds of several of them had been detected and punished , there were a considerable number of houses suppressed by them . The general inference to be drawn from Mr. Bushe 's estimate is this , that the population of Ireland in 1791 , was at the least 4,200,000 , and that in the course of the last 20 years , between the numbers omitted to be taken into the account , and the probable increase of the people , it is a very moderate calculation to make the actual population of Ireland at this moment at 5,000,000 . As to the proportion which the dissenters from the established church bear to them who belong to it , there is good authority for saying , nine-tenths are dissenters . This fact forms a leading feature in the grievances of Tythes . It was certainly a great hardship that a people should be obliged to pay the clergy of a church whose tenets they did not follow , besides paying the clergy of their own church . I feel , Sir , when I make this observation