slightest notice of my communication , though furnishing him with extracts from Mr. Jackson 's written refusals.—Neither did the Judge reply-to a note delivered to him on the following day . Being thus excluded from the `` proper mode of redress for grievances of this description ; '' I proceeded to the court room of the vice admiralty for the purpose of comparing the charges contained in numerous bills in my possession , with the established fees , which I was instructed by the acts of parliament , `` should be suspended in some conspicuous part of the court , '' every part of which I searched in vain ; neither was the table In the registry , where his Majesty 's advocate directed me to look for it , who , on my returning into court again , to make further enquiry , said , that I would find it affixed on a door leading to the adjoining room . That mutilated paper , concealed contrary to law , I was accused of having taken down and carried away , from a place where it could not have been affixed , except in defiance of these statutes , and in contempt of justice . That , Sir , was the paper for which I was followed through the streets of Malta for the space of a week by the deputy auctioneer , stiled in the judges ' warrant and attachments by the title of `` deputy marshal , '' but who , in fact , never had an authority from the marshal ; perhaps , because the marshal was conscious of having vitiated his powers by the illegal acts of which he was guilty , and thus thought to escape the consequences which might arise from the acts of his nominal deputy . So loosely are things conducted in that court ! Surely no reasonable man can blame me for refusing to be taken to jail by the deputy auctioneer . Indeed , Chapman admits , in his affidavit of the 24th of February , that my objection was to his want of authority ; for , I naturally concluded that unless he was an officer of the court his acts might be disowned , and thereby the guilty would escape punishment . That this was the view which I took of the case , will appear , by my offering no resistance to James Houghton Stevens , who was appointed , on Chapman 's nomi- 1022 nal resignation ; I say . Sir , that I offered no resistance , for , by refusing to walk to jail , I did no more than decline , by an act of my own , to contribute to illegal proceedings . It is not my intention to trouble the House at length relative to this affair , which is of trifling importance , compared to the mischiefs that arise from the system-of plunder and abuse practised in the court '' of vice admiralty . However , it may not be improper to mention , that I was con-ducted by the keeper of the jail to a place with a broken window , barred with iron , furnished with an old chair , and a close stool in the corner . From this , however , I was removed , as the judge began to fear the consequences of his illegal acts ; and on the third day , being brought from the keeper 's room to the court of vice admiralty , there , without an accuser , except the judges , that learned and worshipful gentleman attempted in the absence of proof to administer a long string of interrogatories , which I of course refused to answer , and thereby furnish what might be construed by him into evidence of my having taken away his illegal table . Being farther pressed and threatened , I delivered a Protest in writing `` against the illegal warrant issued by William Stevens , an examiner and interpreter to the vice admiralty court of Malta , registered merchant , commission broker , and notary-public , calling himself deputy registrar of the court ,