had said , there was no stench when he was there . That might well be , fur it often happened that the prevalence of stench in any particular place depended on the direction of the wind . He hoped the prayer of the petition would be complied with ; but it was clear a gaoler ought not to have the power of increasing or mitigating a sentence of a court of justice at his discretion . defended the conduct of the gaoler , who had given Mr. Finnerty the liberty of walking in his garden , and shewed a disposition to grant him every indulgence consistent with his situation , till his own improper conduct rendered a closer confinement necessary . As a proof that no political motive influenced the gaoler , lie had only to advert to the satisfaction expressed by Mr. Drakard at the manner in which he had been treated . said that no answer had been given to the charge of solitary confinement . He knew that Mr. Drakard had been well treated ; but this only placed in a stronger light the injustice done to MR. Finnerty . The sentences were the 776 same , and why should the punishment be different ? If the gaoler `` had thirteen rooms in his house , Mr. Finnerty ought not to be confined in a felon 's cell . said , it was not a felon 's cell ; bat designed for those confined for misdemeanors . utterly denied the charge of solitary confinement , which was not even alledged in Mr. Finnerty 's petition . As to the gaoler having thirteen rooms in his house , they took that from Mr. Finnerty 's petition . But supposing it to be so , the gaoler 's house was his freehold , and he was not bound to give up any part of it to the prisoners . It ought to be recollected that he gave a large security to the sheriff for the safe custody of his prisoners . He had been making ail the inquiry he could ; and the result was a conviction that for some pans of the complaint of Mr. Finnerty there was not the slightest ground , and that the rest had been excessively exaggerated . The apartment assigned to him was 22 feet by 11 , and 16 feet high , and raised above a yard of some extent , of which Mr. Finnerty had almost the exclusive use . But if there was a stench , or any other real grievance in the case , steps had been taken to remove them . said , that facts had been stated which amounted to solitary confinement , though these words were not used . adverting to a case mentioned by an hon . baronet ( Sir Francis Burden ) the other evening , of a man of the name of Evans , who had cut his throat in the Isle of Wight to avoid being flogged , observed that the hon . baronet laboured under considerable misapprehension on the subject . On inquiry he learnt from the general of the district , that the name of the man alluded to by the hon . baronet was not Evans , but Avery . He had come to the Isle of Wight from Tilbury , as a recruit of a suspicious character . As soon as he had received the final payment of his bounty , this man with three others deserted ; but being subsequently taken in plain clothes by a press-gang at Ryde , he was brought back to the depot , and tried by a court martial . Before , however , the sentence of the court martial had been promulgated , this man attempted to cut his throat . Such was the statement 777 of the real fact , as it occurred . He was , aware that it did not at all affect the general question of the expediency , or inexpediency , of corporeal punishment ; but it was certainly desirable that these individual cases should be described with accuracy , and he could not conceive