, it was the duty of the minister to advise the crown ; and in what state would he have placed the revenue and the Civil List , had he advised any other than the qualified answer that had been returned ? The House had often addressed the crown to advance money , and had added that they would make good the same ; and in all such cases a speedy answer was advisable . If it was the usual answer , then , should it be bond fide observed or not ? Certainly , whatever the throne said should immediately be fulfilled . Would it then have been consistent with their duties , had ministers , on this occasion , knowing that the other branch of the legislature was of another opinion , with the same documents before them , and without the possibility of any change having taken place since that opinion was declared three years ago ; would it have been consistent with their duty to have advised the crown to advance the money for this , not a liberality or a donation , but a claim of right ? If they had advanced this sum out of the Civil List , knowing that it was not likely to be repaid , it would have been a palpable instance of waste and negligence , and would have put parliament into a most disagreeable situation—that of a difference of opinion between the Houses , which , however lightly the hon . gent . might think of it , he must consider as an event most anxiously to be deprecated.—The hon . gent . had said , that the vote on this specific question had not come before the Lords , but they were possessed of all the documents on which it was founded in the Appropriation Act , which was refused solely on the ground of this claim . The hon . gent . had called that pertinacious in the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , which he ( Mr. Bankes ) called only doing his duty in the difficult task he had to perform in disposing of the public money . It was his imperative duty to take care that no waste in the public 352 money took place , and consequently to resist any claim which he considered to be ill-founded . The decision of the House , too , on this question had been compared , not to the reference of from Philip drunk , to Philip sober ; but from Philip sober , to Philip drunk . The Journals , however , would bear him out in stating , that the latter decision relative to taking this claim out of the Appropriation Act , was come to in a House much more numerously attended than that in which the justice of the claim had been recognized . High as he rated the privileges of the House , and essential as he considered them to be for the public weal , he could never , by assenting to a motion like the present , attempt to carry them one step further . He wished there were more checks on the issues of public money , and therefore preferred every other mode to that of Address , which , by according with popular clamour or individual canvas , might extort the nation 's money without those constitutional opportunities of discussing the merits of the grant afforded by other measures . Gentlemen talked of the power of ministers to bring down majorities to that House , but he affirmed that they often saw the public claims less potent than those of individuals canvassing for favour and support . The hon . mover had said , leave the two Houses to fight out their own battle . To him it appeared one of the greatest disasters that could happen , if ever it should come to an expression of hostile opinions between the Houses . To hold the inconvenience of this Answer to be as great as that misfortune , was in his idea to hold a very exaggerated opinion . The crown might and