the example of the noble lord were to be followed generally , the tenants would indemnify themselves by raising the prices of the articles they brought to market ; but if it were not followed generally , the particular tenant would not have the means of indemnifying himself by a rise of prices , and the consequent injury he would suffer would also be felt by the landlord . Though , he had at first thought , that upon the whole it would be better to leave the law as it stood , yet when he attended to the principle of the measure under consideration , 829 and particularly to the doctrines of those who had opposed it , he began to feel that the remedy should be upheld ; that if parliament should separate before the adoption of such a measure , much public inconvenience might be the result ; and the remedy which was now easy , would perhaps then be ineffectual . If ever a question had been exhausted in the history of the proceedings of parliament , it was the present . It had not only been discussed day after day for many successive days , but a very considerable number of publications had been written by able , acute , and ingenious men upon both sides of the question . Whatever difference of opinion there might have been as to the origin of the evil , upon the propriety of binding the Bank to resume cash payments at any definite time there appeared to be very little difference . Upon a division on that question , in another place , the minority did not exceed 47 . The noble baron who spoke second in the debate , had stated that Bank notes were depreciated , because they did not now purchase as much food and other necessaries as formerly , and had instanced wheat and corn . But the papers on their lordships table shewed that the rise in the price of corn was attributable to other causes . The consumption had increased considerably beyond the produce . The 400,000 quarters formerly imported were now consequently increased to 6 or 700,000 . This was not owing to depreciation , as by reference to the price of iron , timber , wool , cotton , feathers , tallow , and hides , which were known to have fallen in price as gold bullion rose in the market . The measure of restriction had been resorted to in the first instance to prevent the Bank from paying in cash , and to keep the bullion in the country ; and he knew it to have been the opinion of the great man who originated the Bank restriction , that the public creditor should never be placed in a worse situation than any individual having equivalents in any other species of security . But the public creditor , if compelled to take notes at par for his dividend , whilst the tenantry would be allowed to take them at a depreciated rate , would be greatly injured . The noble baron had said , that gold enough could be had , if we were willing to pay the price for it . He knew not upon what authority this had been asserted ; but he knew that one of the most extensive and respectable merchants perhaps in the world , who was apt much in the practice of giving his 830 support to his Majesty 's ministers , had decidedly slated in the House of Commons , that if he wanted guineas , he should not know how to get them . If the Bank could procure gold , it would find its way out of the country . This was owing to the unexampled state of the world , and the convulsed state of commerce . He agreed with the noble baron , that our exertions in the prosecution of the war had the effect of a drain upon the coin of the country ; though he differed from him in thinking that the exertions we were making were well worth the price we paid for them