a fall discharge of all his claims . It would be inconsistent and improper to take away from the House of Lords the check which they possessed over the grants made by that House . For this reason he was decidedly against the mode of the question , with this qualification however , namely , that whenever Mr. Palmer should come forward , and laying aside his claim of right , throw himself on the liberality of the House , he would not be hostile to the application . was disposed to think that the claims of Mr. Palmer were founded on the strictest justice . He had , by the simplest proposition , contributed to the benefit of the stale ; nevertheless , those who professed the most foolish and idle friendship for Mr. Pitt , because he was against those claims , forsooth , were afraid to give him his due . Why , Mr. Pitt was a man who always acted for the public good , poor man ! and he died poor ! The government had given Mr. Palmer a salary for life ; but he had a family of children dependent on him for support , and for being set out in life , who expected when he died , property , or else they would not go off ! and yet , when he died , he could not ( having lived like a gentleman ) , leave them any thing when he was therefore gone , like the snuff of a candle , and nothing left , why then his family were to be deprived of support if the House refused them justice the best way would be to refer the claims to the decision of three masters in chancery , who would decide equitably and fairly . The government were pledged to Mr. Palmer , and the pledges of former ministers were as binding on the country as if sanctioned by Lords and Commons ; besides , the policy was a narrow and a foolish one . By narrow views of policy we were plunged into the present war ; for if the proposition made some years ago for employing light artillery had been attended to by ministers , we should not have been now engaged ; and Dumourier would have been deprived of the means of annoying us , which means were afforded him in consequence of our refusal to employ light artillery . He condemned the refusal . Perhaps a friend of his , who had invented shells for annoying the enemy , and by which the late battles had been gained , ( for they had dispersed the French armies in such line style , ) might , if he asked for it , be refused remuneration . It was a niggardly policy 264 which did no good , but much harm . It was losing a hog for a halfpenny worth of tar ! He should , therefore , support Mr. Palmer 's claims . said , he was obliged to risk even the good opinion of the hon . bart . opposite ( Sir T. Turton ) , in defence of what he considered right . If he had to reproach himself with any thing , it would be with having allowed this question to come on as he had done ; a concession , however , which he had made after the example of his predecessor . The conduct of Mr. Palmer , when in office , was such , that even had he held his place under a patent , he ought to have been deprived of it . When he first made his claims , in Mr. Pitt 's life-time , and near the period of his bargain , they were rejected ; and after that rejection , he lay quiet till after Mr. Pitt 's death , a period of eight or nine years . With what face , then , could he now appear before the House , at a distance of time in which they must be much less competent to decide the justice of his demand , than they were