our disfavour . True , we are carrying on an expensive and extended war : but the exchanges have been permanently against us in peace as , well as in war , when the same cause , a depreciated currency , his operated to produce that effect . In 1696 , a period of war , the deterioration of our silver , then our standard coin—in 1773 , a time of , peace , the deterioration of our gold coin—were indicated alike by the long-continued unfavourableness of the foreign exchanges . In both instances the reformation of the coin remedied the evil . What the deterioration of coin occasioned in those instances , the depreciation of paper has occasioned now . The coin had then ceased to contain , as the paper has now ceased to represent , the quantity of precious metal implied by its denomination . Foreign countries estimated the coin then as they do the paper now , not by what it was called , but by what it would exchange for in those commodities , —gold and silver , —which are , by the consent and practice of mankind , the common measures of all marketable value . However gentlemen may endeavour to disguise and perplex this simple view of the question , it is , after all , that by which it must be decided . If this be not the test , there is no other . If gold and silver have ceased to be the common measures of the value of other commodities , and weight and fineness combined have ceased to be the standard of value in gold and silver , there is no more to be said ; but in that case , instead of these Resolutions , let the right hon . gent. , come forward boldly at once with an assertion , not merely that paper is equivalent to the precious metals , but that it has altogether superseded them . If on the other hand the same standard of value remains , let not the right hon . gent , attempt to draw a veil over it . In all our departures from it , let us fairly own that we are departing from it , —by necessity if you please ; but with a resolution of returning to it again . Let us 120 not , like men who , when hurried down a rapid stream , fancy that the shores are flying from them— `` terræque urbesque recedunt , '' let us nut conceive that , by some strange revolution in the physical world , the precious metals are retreating beyond our reach ; when it is in fact only by a rapid depreciation that our currency is leaving then behind . Neither let us suppose that we have already gone down so far , that to re-ascend the stream is impossible—that , `` Should we wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go o'er . '' A very little firmness , a very little sacrifice , might at present enable us to retrace ; , our course . The half of the ingenuity which is employed in the right hon . gentleman 's Resolutions to gloss over our situation , might suffice to find a remedy for it . It is asked—shall we attempt this in time of war I Can we attempt it without abandoning our present military system , with all its hopes , and all its glories . Undoubtedly , I think , we can . I never can believe , of this mighty empire , that it has not sufficient energy in itself at once to right whatever may be amiss in its own internal situation , and to maintain its accustomed place and movement in the system of the world . But , it is said , we are only going on in the course in which greater authorities have led the way ; Mr. Pitt had made up his mind to this depreciation of our currency . 'He contrived it , ' says one hon . gent . He could not avoid foreseeing it , ' says