death blow to that constitutional force , which had rendered such essential service to the country , he should conclude by moving as an amendment , `` That the Bill be read a second time on that day three months . '' could not see the necessity of the measure , and he must learn its wisdom from somebody else . He thought the Bill would be apt to introduce an un-soldierly spirit into the Militia . An option of going was to be given as he understood the Bill : but this very option was the worst form of making the service of the country acceptable . The officers in some regiments would choose to go to Ireland ; in others the men would choose it ; and a disagreement would arise between the men and their officers . The spirit of canvassing would be excited among the soldiers : there would be an Irish and an English 293 party . Those gentlemen of Ireland , who were most necessary to such a country , would be taken away , and all those inconveniences were to be raised without the pretence of a necessity . He should vote for the Amendment . intended giving the Bill his support , if a provision were made in it for securing the Catholic soldier the free enjoyment of his religion . If no such provision were made , he should feel it his duty to oppose the measure . objected to the Bill , in as far as it would go still farther to prevent qualified persons from accepting of commissions in the Militia . A gradual decrease in qualified officers had been going on year after year , and the present Bill would go to sweep off all those below the rank of field officers . Formerly balloted men bore a great proportion to substitutes in the militia , now they were not as one to ten . If we were neither to have officers nor men , in this our constitutional force , in the old and constitutional form , it would be better at once to annihilate it entirely . He begged to ask one question of the right honourable Secretary ; the officers in the militia of this country were subject to the Income Tax ; in Ireland there was no such tax . Now , he wished to be informed if the officers of the Irish Militia , who came to serve in this country , were to be exempted from this tax ; or if they were to come and serve here with 10 per cent , off their income ? thought the motion the most important that had been made since the Union , and could not but think the Union incomplete till it was adopted . The security it would afford against invasion was one great object , but that was second in importance to another consideration . The immense advantages likely to result from its uniting all classes of both countries , was an object more desirable , and one which , as it was certain of being attained , he regarded as that which most strongly recommended the adoption of the measure . was convinced the effect of the measure would be to take all country gentlemen out of the militia . He should not , however , oppose the Bill in its second reading ; but if clauses were not introduced in the Committee , protecting the Irish Catholic soldier in the exercise of his religion in this country , and also protecting him in the free exercise of his religion as he would be protected in Ireland , 294 and that , too , not by sufferance merely , but as a matter of right , he should oppose the Bill in its further stages . was of opinion that the Union with Ireland , of which he thought highly , should be drawn closer and closer by every tie of amity , affection and community of intercourse . The present measure , on this feeling , had his entire concurrence , he felt , and he trusted every other