it became us , under every variety of circumstances , to choose the noble path of duty and honour . With regard to the particular subject mentioned by the hon . gent. , he had no hesitation in repeating , that he disavowed most heartily , and from the bottom of his soul , any doctrines which led to practices so unchristian-like and so foreign to a wise and manly policy . thanked the right hon . gentleman for his frank and honourable disavowal . He would not quarrel with him because he had added to that disavowal incitements to national exertion . He trusted that no expression of his would be construed into the declaration that he was a fatalist , or that he thought it impossible to resist the power of France . Ha must be a fool , indeed , to entertain such an opinion at a moment when the power of France was resisted more effectually than at any former period of the present awful contest . Whatever he might think of the ultimate fate of the nations of Europe—whatever opinion he might entertain of the intentions of providence with respect to that extraordinary being who had hitherto possessed such a powerful influence over that fate , he was not the less convinced of the duty of resistance to his designs—of the duty of defending our liberties , even should extermination be the consequence . But it was not for an individual to step forward , and with a criminal hand attempt to accelerate the result . Such attempts were ever destructive of their object . He welt remembered the rejoicings that were occasioned in this country by the news of the assassination of the emperor Paul . It was then said that Russia would turn against France . She did so turn . A most absurd coalition took place between Great Britain and Russia—and what followed ? that Russia was completely subjugated , and that the successor of the assassinated Paul became one of the firmest friends of France . then made some observations upon the nature of the proceedings and evidence adduced before the Committee of Privileges , and conclude by moving , That the Report of their lord ships ' Committee , together with a copy of the Evidence given in the said case , be 783 laid before his royal highness the Prince Regent , together with an Address , requesting his royal highness would be pleased to adopt such proceedings thereupon as he might deem most proper and expedient . had no objection to the proceeding recommended by the noble and learned lord generally ; but was averse to the introduction of any language in the motion which would appear like an attempt to dictate or point out any particular line of conduct to his royal highness , but to leave such result solely to his discretion , as to what proceeding he might think proper to adopt , if any . He therefore suggested the propriety of omitting the word `` request '' from the motion , which would then go in effect to simply laying the Report and the Evidence before his royal highness . agreed in the propriety of this suggestion , and expressed his opinion , that his noble friend on the Woolsack , in wording his motion , had no idea whatever of pointing out any particular line to his royal highness , but wished merely that the matter should be left entirely to the royal discretion . corroborated what fell from his noble friend , as to his intention with respect to the object and effect of the motion he proposed . rose to make two motions on this subject ; previous to which he adverted to what he had said before on the subject , and defended most of the observations he then made respecting Greenwich Hospital . He would never submit to be charged with mockery and mummery , for shewing the enormity of a Proctor 's Bill . He had been told that it was not the clerk 's business to assist him in unrolling that long bill ; but he considered