most minute departure of this kind below the standard might be called a depreciation . Through the wear of guineas there arose a further depreciation , which the parliament had taken care to limit , by making them cease to be a legal tender when their weight fell below about one per cent . The strictness , of this limit shewed the principle in the mind of parliament ; it proved that depreciation to a certain extent was contemplated , and that depreciation beyond that point was thought an evil to be carefully provided against . The operation of our laws , which prevented the melting and exportation of coin , had fed to a further increase of the difference between the market price and mint price of gold or in other words , to a further depreciation . The effect produced by all 90 these causes had never , before the suspension of cash payments in 1797 , been such as to cause the actual currency of the country to differ from bullion , more than to that extent of two or three per cent , which he had stated , except on the two occasions which be had spoken of . The people , therefore , up to that time , were secure of having the value of their currency thus far sustained . The liability of the Bank to pay in cash , guaranteed to them a paper incapable of departing below bullion further than in the degree which he had mentioned . At the present time this paper was fifteen or twenty per cent , be-low bullion , and they had no security against a further , and even indefinite depression . It was said , that gold itself had risen ; but even if it had , gold , being the standard , we were bound to hold to it : we had held to it in its general fall , and we ought to abide by it in its , general rise also . The argument that gold had risen would justify an adulteration of the gold coil ) , just as much as it would justify the present depreciation on the whole , he thought , that to confound the little differences between the market price and mint price of bullion before 1797 , with the great difference at present , was most unfair . The difference , it was true , might be said to be only in degree but degree was every thing in this ease and it was remarkable , that the Resolution of his right hon . friend studiously forbore to specify the amount of the difference between the market price and mint price of bullion at the two periods . There remained only one other topic on which he had to remark—The Resolutions of his right hon . friend assumed that the notes of the Bank of England were not excessive , because the difference between their numerical amount now and in 1797 , was not greater than the comparative trade and expenditure at the two periods would fairly justify . The notes of 5l . and upwards , for the average of three years before 1797 , were about . 10,700,000l . and for the average of the last three years , were about 14,200,000l . He would fairly say , that if he had beet ) asked to pronounce them excessive on the simple ground of their relative quantity at the two periods be might have hesitated to do it . He should have inquired what was the stale of the exchanges and the price of bullion and should have formed his judgment chiefly by the answer to this question He 91 was , however , very far from admitting , on the other hand , that the due limitation of them could be presumed from what Was called the small extent of their increase . There was much misconception on this subject , which those who , like himself , were acquainted with the money transactions of the metropolis , were best able to remove . A very increased degree of economy was practised in