He mentioned this only to shew that this unforeseen accident might have deprived the country of the services of this gallant officer . He begged the House now to allow him to allude to the moral consequences which must result from this victory—such a victory occurring at such a time and under such circumstances . When they considered the attempt of Massena to relieve Almeida , and the almost contemporaneous effort of Soult to relieve Badajoz , they could not consider both in any other light than as a desperate attempt , undertaken in pursuance of orders from their govenment , to retrieve the character and the honour of the French arms in the Peninsula . He had also to acquaint the House , that it was now well ascertained , that Marshal Soult , on leaving Seville , in the confidence of anticipated victory , published one of those boasting proclamations for which the French generals were so remarkable ; and that he had frequently on his march addressed his troops upon the certainty of their success . The utter disappointment of all these confident expectations of victory must raise the hopes and increase the confidence of the Allies , at the same time that it must lower the tone and the pretensions of the enemy . He could not but consider it as opening new and flattering prospects to us in the Peninsula.—He was aware that some gentlemen were of opinion , that there was no limit to the means of the French emperor , and that he could have no difficulty in sending three or four hundred thousand men into the Peninsula . For himself , he should say , that he did not think it so easy for him to send any large force thither ; particularly when there was a prospect that he might have employment for so many of his forces elsewhere . But even if he should be able to place his force in the Peninsula on the same footing as before , he would find the allies better prepared to meet him : he would find from the glorious example set by the Spanish troops at Albuera , far different enemies to contend with . When he looked to the grevious disappointment of the hopes of the enemy , he could not think he entertained any exaggerated confidence 526 in the operations of war : their issue was in other hands . Whether the pleasing hopes he entertained were well founded , under all the circumstances , he should leave to the public to decide ; but whatever might be the foundation of his expectations , he prayed that God , in whose disposal the issue of all contests was placed , would grant that they should be realised . He would now conclude with moving , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lieutenant-general sir William Carr Beresford , knight of the most honour '' able order of the Bath , for the distinguished ability displayed by him on the 16th of May last , in the glorious Battle at Albuera , which terminated in the signal defeat of the enemy 's forces . '' rose to second the motion . He expressed his conviction , that every man would rejoice , after the laborious efforts which general Beresford had bestowed on the creation and disciplining of the army , to find that he was rewarded by an opportunity of proving his valour in the field . With respect to the action itself , it was only necessary to follow the detail of the gallant officer , to admire it ; but there was a difficult military question to be decided before the battle , for which he was entitled to the greatest merit . Lord Wellington was enabled to shew a force both at Badajoz and Almeida to the enemy , and it was for general Beresford to decide whether he would wait for the reinforcement which he knew to be coming , or act with promptitude upon the moment , trusting to his own measures . He took the manly and the judicious step . When