, the feelings of horror and detestation which the lapse of time had nearly lulled to sleep , it would be the no less insidious , and the no less pretended solicitude for the lower orders , which was manifested on the present occasion . He besought the House to consider whether , in the history of that dreadful revolution to which he had alluded , there was one enormity in the black catalogue of crimes so revolting to English justice and English feeling , as the disregard of the rights of private property , the interference with the contracts of individuals , the establishment of a compulsory currency , and the denunciations of vengeance against those who refused to accept it ? It was such proceedings as these that excited 928 horror and detestation in all good minds ; and yet it was such proceedings as these that a commercial country like Great Britain was called upon to imitate ! He said a commercial country , not because he thought that if Great Britain were not a commercial country , the example of France would be less inapplicable to her ; but because if , even in France , the evils of interference with private property were so sensibly felt , how infinitely more intolerable would they be , and how much more ought we to dread the introduction of any semblance of that interference in this great manufacturing and mercantile country , the resources of which depended so vitally upon the preservation of good faith between man and man ? `` But , '' said the right hon . gentleman opposite , in a triumphant tone , `` what then is the remedy which you propose for the existing evils ? '' In the first place , he must protest against such a question . If a public measure were proposed for his adoption , and in the due exercise of his judgment he should be persuaded that it would be fatal to the public , would it be necessary that he should hold his peace , and abstain from expressing his opinion of such a measure until he had something to propose as a substitute ? If he saw poison offered to an invalid under the name of a cure , was he not to interfere and proclaim the deleterious quality of the affected remedy , because he happened to have no beneficial drugs of his own to administer ? He did not feel himself called upon to declare what in his opinion would be the best course to pursue ; at the same time he had no objection to do so . He had no hesitation in describing the substitute which he would recommend for the proposed measure . This substitute was neither more nor less than to place the country precisely in the state which it was the object of the Bill to prevent . He meant to induce the establishment of two prices for commodities ; a money price and a paper price ; the relation of which should not be fixed by law ( God forbid that it should be so ! ) but should vary , in conformity to circumstances ; rising , or falling , in proportion to the comparative scarcity of the one article , and abundance of the other . Than this proportion nothing could be more simple , nothing more effectual . It would render all pecuniary transactions so clear and intelligible , that any one who could count two and two , would be eabled to 929 comprehend them ; and to estimate the fair proportion between the two descriptions of payment . It would be in vain for him to run over all the advantages which the adoption of such a proceeding would afford . But , in the first place it would be said , that this double price was the very evil which the measure of 1797 was calculated and intended to avert . True , and he was ready to admit that before the currency of the country was diseased to its present state , such an occurrence might fairly have been termed