of comparing the three , which I think those who have made the observation can not have done they will find that no one fact ; or argument has been altered , with the exception of the sums I have mentioned . I state this , not because I should have been unwilling to confess any error into which I might have fallen , or should now feel a repugnance to admit any amendments which could render the Resolutions more strictly accurate , but to show to what expedients those are driven who wish to raise a doubt either of their truth or their importance . On another point , I feel more anxiety not to be misunderstood . I have been supposed to use strong language in speaking of the proceedings of the Bullion Committee , and even to have insinuated that they countenanced a system of fraud and perjury . My known respect for all the members of the Committee , and the intimacy and friendship with which I am honoured by several of them , will , I trust , secure me from any suspicion of using , unless through mere inadvertence , any expression which could fairly bear such an interpretation . If ray argument had not been misunderstood , it would have been perceived to have a directly contrary meaning I argued , that the Committee 4 could not seriously mean to recommend the repeal of the Bank Restriction Act , in the view of improving the course of exchange , without previously moving for the repeal of the laws which prohibit the exportation of our coin , because , while those laws subsisted , our money could only be sent abroad by a system of fraud and perjury , which it was impossible to suppose the Committee could intend to countenance ; and without such exportation , no beneficial effect op the exchange could be produced . But I have thought myself bound to avow the opinion I entertain , that the publication of their Report has , although most contrary to their intentions , produced effects not beneficial but injurious to this country . For what other purpose has it been translated , circulated and commented upon by the partizans of France in every country in Europe ? What other use has been made of it in America It is not often that I think it necessary or becoming in a member of parliament to state the private motives which induce him , to take the part which he thinks it proper to do in a particular discussion . But there are some cases in which those motives are connected with the question itself , and may serve to illustrate it ; and I shall , therefore , take the liberty to mention the circumstances which have led me to come forward , as I have done , on this occasion . Several months ago , while in a state of mind the least inclined , and the least adapted to political inquiries , I received a sort of reference from one of the ablest men on the continent of Europe , desiring my opinion of the Report of the Bullion Committee , which had just fallen into his hands . He observed , that if the opinions of the Committee were well founded , all , his ideas of the resources and prosperity of England would be overturned : `` Toutes mes idées seront bouleversées , '' was his expression . I answered him , that I thought the Committee had fallen into great errors , chiefly by applying sound and just principles of political economy to facts which did not support them ; and that their opinions , if adopted by parliament , would produce great injury to the public ; and very shortly stated some reasons for thinking so . Subsequent reflection and enquiry confirmed me in the judgment I had formed at first ; and I found so large a portion of the public entertained the same sentiments with myself , that when my learned friend ( Mr. Horner ) 5 first gave notice of a motion on the