sum and substance of his humble but earnest solicitation to their lordships , on behalf of his petitioning and aggrieved countrymen , was only this ; that they would not pronounce against them the hard sentence of perpetual exclusion from a just and equal participation in all the rights and privileges of the constitution , as disaffected members of the state , without the decent formality of some previous investigation—that they would not dismiss them from their bar discredited—and condemned unheard . There was one prominent feature by which that question stood distinguished from any other , which perhaps had never engaged the mention of any legislative assembly—a peculiar anomaly which has not had its parallel in the situation of any country on the face of the earth , either of ancient or of modern times . The religion 648 of a very small minority of the people is the religion of the state , as established by law ; nine-tenths of the population professing religious opinions , essentially differing from those of the establishment ; to the support and splendour of which all were , however , alike bound to contribute in equal proportions . What was the case with respect to the other members of the United Kingdom ? Directly the reverse . Presbytery established in Scotland—and here , the Reformed Episcopal Church . In both cases , the establishment of the State Religion , controuled and governed by the religious opinions of the majority of the people . When an attempt was made to force upon Scotland the establishment of Episcopacy , what a determined and disgraceful spirit of violence and outrage marked the resistance of the furious zealots of that day ! That resistance however , was not unsuccessful ; and in conformity to the feelings of the majority of the nation , Episcopacy was accordingly abolished , after a severe struggle , and Presbytery established , by king William himself , in 1689 . Very different , indeed , were the effects of the Revolution with respect to his un happy country—the weak and wicked policy of the law ; the whole weight of the government , applied to extinguish the religion of the people , and which would have been on that account , under any other political dispensations but their own , the religion of the State , and to crush its professors to the earth by a system of tyranny and persecution , unequalled in the history of civilized communities ; and this in the very teeth of a solemn treaty which guaranteed to the Catholics , in terms the most explicit , the free exercise of their religion . Fortified as it was by the exclusive pos-session of ecclesiastical power , dignities , and emoluments for more than a century ; was it possible for them to consider that the continuance of the penal code could still be necessary to uphold the strong and consolidated fabrick of the national church ? and could they forget , that by the remedial statute of 1793 , its perpetual maintenance was made an inseparable concomitant of every right and privilege which had been restored to the petitioners by that act , and that to the support of the Protestant establishments , the Catholic was himself bound under the solemn obligation of an oath ? 649 He trusted that the period had at length arrived for making just restitution to his oppressed countrymen—assuredly no man who did not wish to conjur up as arguments in debate , apprehensions which he could not feel , could entertain a doubt that those establishments were already placed beyond the reach of any possible danger , unless their lordships should unhappily succeed in convincing the Catholic , by the force of their own fatal arguments , that his interests are in direct hostility to those of the national church , the subversion of which would be in such a view of the subject , the only road by which he could hope to arrive at the possession of political confidence and political power , the avowed and legitimate object of his most strenuous pursuit . In what he had