made her , what inspired , what raised her to such eminence in the world as that on which she now stands , but this inherent spirit of liberty ? This spirit , which surely she was never so reduced as not to think worth contesting for . Did Mr. Hampden think so ? Was he so senseless ? Did he not think that a naked free man was a nobler object than a superb slave ? But there are others who say that the Irish people are too poor , too ignorant , and too senseless to wish for any removal of their disqualifications . By the return made to government , it appears that the expenditure of that country , which was but lately not more than one million , has been 7 , 8 , and 10 millions . To say that a country which expends 10 millions is too poor for liberty , is false and preposterous . Before the Union , the expenditure of Ireland was 1,600,000l . and her debt 3 millions—she had then a free trade and a free constitution . Since that she has gone on increasing in debt and expenditure ; she has contributed to England , exclusive of her cattle , her provisions , her men , above 65 millions of money . She is the hundred-handed giant , and holding-out to you in every hand a benefit . When you say to her that she is too poor for liberty , you talk in language unknown to England—you do not speak the dialect 382 of the people . Depend upon it when you address Ireland in this Jacobite phrase , you will not argue her out of her wish for liberty , but you will argue England out of her respect for her freedom . When you once sully your lips with this meanness , baseness , and servitude , you will not convey the poison to her , but you will cast a taint upon your own land and your own constitution . You need not gloss over your injustice by the ides , that what you refuse is trifling . The Catholics have wisely refrained from stating their grievances in this petition . But what they are excluded from is not a bauble—they are excluded from seats in this House—from offices in the bank—from the situation of sheriff—from the best places at the bar—from the highest stations in the army—from any participation in the state—they are deprived of their civil liberties—they are galled by tythes—they are oppressed by their landlords : and what remedy do you offer them ? Nothing ! You do worse ; you set up one set of men in favour of the minister , and another , which are not so favoured , you allow the servant of the crown to abuse . If once you do this , if once you allow the officer of the crown to use ill-manners to the people , from that moment the people are not free , they are oppressed . It has been said , that the coronation oath militates against the claims of the Catholic , and so operates as a check upon parliament . This supposes the oath immutable as to the magistrate , but changeable as to the people ; immutable against alleviating , but changeable in the work of grinding and oppression . But let the House see to what this construction of the coronation oath will lead . Before the Union it had no effect in Ireland ; it came in force there after the disqualifying law . Thus , then , the Union incapacitates the first magistrate from doing the people justice , and can be termed nothing else than a most monstrous innovation . But to make religion thus a disqualification , is to declare a doubt of its authenticity . The moment a government finds it necessary to support religion by oppression , that moment it declares it a false religion , a creed not supported by divine force , but necessary to be bolstered up by persecution ; it makes it a proclamation of disbelief ,