did not like to come to a positive resolution on the subject ? He perfectly agreed that the public opinion must have undergone a considerable change , in consequence of circumstances which had more recently occurred . He admitted that the popularity of the hon . gent. , by whom the charges against his royal highness had been preferred , had greatly decreased ( hear ! hear ! ) He did not understand what gentlemen meant by cheering , as if this tended to make the situation of his royal highness better . He could not conceive that the character of the counsel on either side could make the cause better or worse ; that must depend on the credit of the witnesses , and not on the character of the advocate . The noble lord agreed that his royal highness had acted well while Commander in Chief , with the exceptions of which the House were already aware . But unless the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer was prepared to shew that there was no other person in the kingdom fit for that office , he denied that the right hon . gent . could be justified in the advice he had given , after the Resolutions of that House . The noble lord concluded by declaring that the motion of his noble friend had his most cordial support . said , that into a subject of so painful a nature it was not his intention to enter , or to use many arguments in support of the opinion he felt himself bound to give . He should only shortly state a few of the reasons for his vote of that night—and even this was hardly necessary , as it would be conformable with his vote on the main question . He could conceive that there might be persons whose opinions had undergone a change in consequence of some recent developements . These , to his mind , however , rather went to an extenuation of guilt than to a complete change of the nature and extent of the charge . If there were men who thought as he had described , they had a right to change their opinions . With respect to himself , however , he had no need of experiencing such a change . With him , the persons who had sunk so much in favour , never stood so high , as , in his mind , to leave them much room to fall . There had not , in his opinion , been any evidence against his royal highness of corruption , or of accession to corruption . He did not vote , therefore , 484 for either of the two first addresses ; but he could not conceal from himself that there were circumstances , in consequence of which his royal highness deserved to be removed from his office . With this view he voted for the address proposed by the hon . member for Corfe Castle ( Mr. Bankes ) , but that address was negatived by a majority of the House . The House was of opinion that there was no corruption proved , but still they had some ulterior object , and with this view his right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) proposed an Address which had for its object the removal of his royal highness from his office ( No ! no ! ) He did not say that his right hon . friend had professed that object , when he latterly made his motion , but he surely did say , when be first proposed it , that it might have that effect . But the thing did not stop here . The House had recorded in their Resolutions , the fact of his royal highness 's removal , or what was the same , his resignation , as the foundation of the step they bad then taken , of proceeding no farther in the enquiry . It was no doubt true , that the word `` now '' had been expunged from that resolution ; but the reason was plain ,