a change in the public opinion . A great deal had transpired . The public had had the opportunity of seeing how little the evidence that had been adduced could be depended upon ; they had had time to cool from the fever which had so studiously been excited ; and their opinion had , in consequence , been materially changed . If he required authority for his statement , that the public opinion on this subject had been most materially changed , he would refer to an hon . member ( Mr. Wardle ) whom he then saw in his place , and who he had expected would have taken a prominent part in the present discussion . If , therefore , the re-appointment of the Duke of York was not disrespectful to the House of Commons , or in defiance of public opinion , on what ground could the motion of the noble lord be supported ? Was it because his royal highness was peculiarly qualified for discharging the duties of the high station to which he had been recalled ? Me one who had any connection or intercourse with the army could doubt the opinion entertained by them with respect to the Duke of York . The army knew , that by the regulations introduced by him , the military service of the country had been fostered , and brought to a degree of perfection which confounded our enemies , and astonished the world . An hon . member had said , that , if ministers had been disposed to act in a manly way , they should have proposed the rescinding of the vote to which the House had formerly come , before they advised the re-appointment . What that vote was had already been shewn , namely that it did not contain any thing imperative against that reappointment . The hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) had stated , warmly and with indignation , that it had been insinuated by those on the opposite side of the House , that a foul conspiracy had been formed against the Duke of York , and declared 506 that he knew nothing of the existence of such a conspiracy . What ! had it not been distinctly proved , that the main and principal witness to support that charge had received promises , and did actually receive bribes for the evidence which she gave ? It was scarcely necessary to add , that he should most cordially vote against the motion of she noble lord . congratulated the House and the country that so many opinions had been changed with regard to his royal highness the duke of York . It was candid in those who saw the developement of many subsequent facts to confess the delusion under which they had acted . His royal highness was popular with every individuals I of our brave army , and it was a just tribute to them , as well as an act of justice to this illustrious personage , to replace him in his office , when it did appear that he had paid a deference of his own free choice to public opinion , which public opinion had been much ruined . The same House of Commons , which by a triumphant majority had voted him free from corruption , would gratify all but Jacobins and enemies to the glory of Great Britain and Ireland , should hey now reinstate his royal highness , and place him at the head of that army , to the good organization and credit of which he had so much contributed . The country was ready to throw the veil of oblivion on what it was the duty and interest of the country to forget ; and the Regent , who uniced the people at large into one family , was well advised by his ministers to give his royal protection to the duke of York , who had alone dismissed himself from his situation , and whose services were so universally acknowledged while he filled the office of Commander in Chief . shortly stated his reasons for voting in