Chancellor 's brother , lord Arden the Registrar , was well paid though he never saw it . It is pretty evident that such taxation is little calculated to afford relief to the party imposed on . `` For your farther satisfaction , '' says the right hon . gentleman , '' by reference to the 4th column of enclosure No . 4 , you will see that the disbursements the procurator has made in each case , calculated at the lowest rate , leaves him but 8l . 8s . in each case , for his own profits , for the expence of clerks , and the establishment of his office . '' Unfortunately for a general inference in favour of such moderation , it is a notorious fact that the 19 989 vessels contained in this list were condemned not only without litigation , but without the usual forms of proceeding , as the right hon . gentleman himself admits in an other part of his letter , where he says , `` the only exhibits produced in the Court of Admiralty were three certificates , three affidavits , and a list . '' Neither were the examination of the Masters taken , or a single paper brought into court . For the expence of real prize causes , let the House look into the bills printed last session , in one of which , that of the Two Sisters and Experiment ; the Proctor 's bill amounted to 555l . 1s . 6d . and the total charge at the Commons to the enormous sum of 1,029l . 0s . 8d . Lest the minute of the Proctor and the list of 19 vessels , so cheaply condemned ! should not satisfy our minds as to the absolute moderation of the Procurator 's bills , the right hon . gentleman proceeds to inform us comparatively , that his charges `` are upon the whole lower than those of private proctors , '' which , if true , would only prove , that it costs less to ruin a cause than to support it . Permit me to ask the treasurer , who is desirous to remove `` the misconception that prevails in the navy , '' if he thinks that were the commanding officers all compelled to employ one tailor , the chancellor 's for in-stance , that it would be quite satisfactory to learn , whilst there was a certainty of their cloth being damaged , that being cut and sewed by old women it was made up cheaper , as might be ascertained by a minute behind the shop board , `` that it was the master taylor 's particular desire in respect to his bills , first , that the old ladies should be moderate in their cabbaging if the coat fitted , and secondly , if spoilt , that they should take only what they could get . '' Would not persons thus restricted , and desirous of expedition or care , stimulate the old ladies by a dram ; and would not they quit one job and take up another ? Would the interests of all be best protected thus ? Will the right hon . gentleman affirm , in defiance of the known extent of business in the procurator general 's office and of the minute called public , which he has first brought to light ; will he assert that the Procurator is not under the necessity of trusting wholly to his clerks ? Does he know that this person is in the habit of releasing seizures by the advice of the King 's advocate , and that the advocate 's opinions are founded on briefs drawn up by the proctor 's clerks , by the very individuals 990 who , although the proctor is the guardian of the interest of the crown , felt it convenient to urge as a plea in favour of the restitution of a ship and cargo to Moir , that which Moir had not stated in his own memorial It will be a curious fact if these very papers brought forward by the right