gentleman had taken the revenue last year at 4,500,000l . but it had produced only 3,700,000l . and yet he persisted this year in taking it at the same rate . Why should he go on with this fallacy ? would it not be better for parliament to know , and to meet the evil day ? With regard to the taxes proposed , if he ( sir John Newport ) were to select any one article upon which he would be most unwilling to increase the duty of , that article would be tobacco . All former attempts to increase the revenue from it , had been unfortunate ; and he was not sure but that lessening the duty would have been a better way to improve the produce . If Ireland had gone sufficiently into the culture of hemp to supply the consumption , he would readily have agreed to the tax proposed ; but as that was not the case , the Committee would do well to pause before they adopted it . Of the taxes on the cotton wool , and American timber , he should only say what applied equally to the British taxes , that he depreciated every thing which looked like commencing a war of duties with America . We had considerable connections with her , which he hoped would long continue . With respect to the slaves , he understood that the duty on those from British America was to be taken off , but not on those from the United States ; and here again the right hon gent , should be sure that he would get a sufficient supply from British America . said , as reference had been made to a speech of his at the time of the Union , he would trouble the Committee with a few words . The right hon . baronet had represented him as having said that the Union would make a saving of 1,000,000l . in time of war , and 500,000l . in time of peace ; but he should have gone on and stated all he should have stated , that that was not a prophecy , but a mere fact , as it appeared upon the accounts before the House for the three preceding years . He denied that the criterion adopted then was an unjust one , or proved to have been so by any thing that had since happened ; on the contrary the impression was , that it was most liberal , and the right hon . 228 baronet had said nothing that could invalidate the general proposition . It never was pretended that Ireland could exist in union with England at the rate of her own internal expences ; but what would her situation have been if in addition to her own expenditure , she had to defray the imperial charge which the opponents of that measure were willing to subscribe to ? He was sure the best course that could be pursued , was to make Ireland a rich country , and to treat her with liberality ; and from the present assistance and disposition of parliament towards her , he augured favourably of any future arrangement . was surprised to hear the right hon . baronet talk of the oppression of taxes , at a time when the proposal from England was , to take part of the debt upon herself . He maintained that the imports and exports had increased , and denied that Ireland was treated with indifference by the government . He defended his right hon . friend , for adverting to the advantages derived by Ireland from the government , and more particularly that of an enlarged system of public education . observed , that he had never said the Union would destroy , but that it must check the prosperity of Ireland . Its increase in live stock and raw produce was no more than the necessary result of its natural fertility , which scarcely no government , however bad , could entirely stop , much less the present , which only stood in need of improvement .