Not only is the private banker bound to pay one and two pound notes in money , by the general law of the land , from whose obligations no man is exempt by reason of ignorance ; but , by the 37th Geo . 3 , cap . 32 , a distinct and special contract was created ; private bankers were allowed to press their circulation into the retail transactions of life : but this great source of emolument was permitted to them only on the special condition of converting their notes into money at the option of the holder under pain of specified penalties . The boon was accepted , with all the obligations attendant on it ; each village soon produced a banking shop ; for fourteen years the country has been saturated with paper currency , and profits have been enjoyed beyond the wildest expecttation . After such a lapse of time , when at length it is perceived , that the easy confidence of the country has been abused ; when our circulation is manifestly depreciated ; when each individual has been injured in his fortune by a departure from the only true and just measure of value ; shall we stigmatize the individual who refuses to receive a depreciated currency , and exercises the option granted to him by the law , for the very purpose of preventing that depreciation which the legislature foresaw ? 1057 I ask the noble lord , if , when the assignats were first sent forth into circulation ; if , when the American Congress , in the year 1775 , first issued their currency ; if , when our own colonies first emitted that compulsory paper which parliament has described as pregnant with so many evils ; if , so those countries , there had been found a person , who , disdaining public clamour , and appealing to the laws of his country , ( and those laws could have been enforced ) , had refused to submit to the aggravated injustice of receiving such paper in discharge of an obligation contracted in good and lawful money ; I ask the noble lord , if such a person rousing the nation from its slumbers , had rendered it sensible of the evils of all compulsory paper , and restored the use of metallic currency ; would such a man have been stigmatised as regardless of the obligations of conscience , and insensible to the prosperity of his country ? But it is said that the public mind has been disturbed , and its confidence in the notes of the Bank of England abated . I believe that a confidence in the notes of the Bank of England is very little influenced by our resolutions . If our opinions could attach estimation to them , we have already declared them equal in value to the precious metals : but on such subjects mankind are influenced by the evidence of their own senses , and estimate all articles by their value in exchange . The little importance attached to our opinions in the market can not be better illustrated , than by the fact stated by an hon . director of the Bank , that , while this Bill has been under discussion , exchanges and the price of bullion have become more favourable . The noble lord is likewise of opinion , that a sense of moral duty should have deterred lord King from the course which be has taken . I can very well admit , that if the depreciation was very inconsiderable , as in the first year after the restriction , when the precious metals and paper were readily exchangeable for each other , at a small premium , it would have bean improper to have disturbed an order of things with which the country was generally satisfied . But I wish to know to what extent this forbearance is to be carried : if a sense of moral duty may induce our submission to a depreciation of five percent , are we bound to submit to a depreciation of ten ? or , if to