purchase that which was necessary for his liberation . Yet such would be the effect of this bill . The debtor had but one resource , and of this they were about to deprive him ; and that too by a law purporting to be passed in favour of debtors . He was far from saying that the law was good as it stood ; but 1101 in order to be consistent , his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer ought to make Bank notes at once a legal tender.—By this law , in all cases where the creditor had the power of distraining , that power was taken from him , if a tender was made in Bank-notes . Now , this remedy of distress was the last which any person desirous of payment in gold would resort to . He would have recourse to his action of covenant , or to an ejectment . If he distrained , he would have to sell the distress , and probably could only get Bank notes , which would not answer his purpose . The effect of this bill , therefore , would be to relieve the debtor from that hardship only , to which , of all others , he was the least liable to be subjected ! Many had old rent charges , and how would they be affected by this alteration in the law ? A man with an estate of 1,000l . a year , has three sons ; he devises the estate to the elder , with a rent charge of 200l . a year to each of the other two sons . The estate of the elder increases three-fold in value ; and it would surely be worth more consideration than appeared to have been given to this Bill , whether the other sons should be compelled to take payment in Bank notes . A case had been brought under his own observation , where a man , twenty years ago , made a lease of twenty one years , with an option to the lessee to purchase the estate before the end of the term for 2,000l The lessee had taken advantage of this option to purchase ; and was it so clear that the payment ought to be in Bank notes ? He would ask whether the ministers themselves , when the bill was proposed by the noble lord who introduced it , had not doubts whether they should support it ; whether they had not held consultations on the subject in the House , while the debate was going on ? When he attempted to procure an alteration in the law , he had been reproached for not having consulted the Judges ; when he had introduced a Bill for rendering freehold estates liable , in the hands of the heir , to simple contract debts , all sorts of cases were put to him , with the utmost ingenuity , to shew the inconvenience of such an innovation ; and yet , here was an innovation in the law , to make the existing contract different from the contract entered into ! This was of all others a case where the judges ought to have been consulted . In point of equity , old and new contracts surely stood on a 1102 very different footing ; yet this Bill brought them all to a level , and disposed of them in the same way ! And why was this made a temporary measure ? Was it to leave people in doubt what the law was ; to produce uncertainty and confusion , and hold up a threat to the creditor , that if he dared have recourse to his legal remedy '' parliament would alter the law for him ? He really wished to be informed what the real object was . Without more information on the subject he was not prepared to alter the law and change the state of all existing contracts . Even the supporters of the Bill appeared to do it with very different views . One supported it because it must be followed