moved on the Report , though , in the mean time , he should vote for the delay . could see no cause for delay , as the House were already perfectly in possession of the object of any petitions that might be presented , and might as well consider that point now as hereafter . The free exercise of their religion was the object the Catholics had in view , and it appeared at once , that they must enjoy that under the present Bill , or it would be one law compelling to the breach of another . All that could be wished was the same freedom to attend to public worship in England , as they enjoyed in Ireland , and it was clear that they would have all they requested by this law , which virtually repealed all former acts on the same subject . But if any doubt remained , it would at once be removed by looking at the clause , which ordained that the militias of England , Scotland , and Ireland should enjoy all the same 331 privileges and exemptions on their removal , to which they were entitled in their own countries respectively . With respect to attendance on divine worship , the same order from the Commander in Chief would be issued here , as that on which they were contented to rest in Ireland . He concluded by objecting to delay as unnecessary , as any future consideration might have its full weight in other stages , or on a recommittal of the Bill , if that was requisite . said , that the good sense in which the right hon . gent . seemed not to be wanting in his treatment of other questions , appeared to fail him altogether upon every subject relative to Ireland . If the present question had not been connected with Ireland , how could the right hon . gent . have observed as he had done upon what had fallen from his right hon . friend . His right hon . friend has said , that there would be no need of delay , if a certain objection was removed . That objection the right hon . gent . refused to remove ; and yet be contended that his right hon . friend was bound by his own argument to admit the delay to be unnecessary . The avowed object of the Bill was to promote more effectually the union and harmony of the two countries . Did it tend to that object to compel the Roman Catholic to come to this country with a doubt , if not a penal restraint upon his religious rights ? But it was said , that he would be put in the same situation in this country he was in his own , and that therefore he must be satisfied ; but was he satisfied ? was the Irish Catholic content under his present restrictions ? Admitting , however , that the present Bill put him in the same state in this country as he had been in his own , but that he did not think it did so , was it too great a sacrifice to the religious feeling of the country to make a distinct clause , which would remove every doubt on the subject ? If the right hon . gent. , who had been himself so long an eminent lawyer , was sincere upon this subject , he was sure that he must wish to put it in as unquestionable a shape as possible . He would be above contending with what he might call the ignorance or prejudices of the Catholic upon this subject . characterised the measure as fraught with the greatest political and military advantages to the empire . did not think the measure particularly expedient , and deprecated 332 any hurry in carrying it through parliament . adverted to the Irish volunteering Bill of 1804 , at which period Mr. Fox , having suggested the introduction into that Bill of a clause exactly similar to that recommended by the hon . gentlemen opposite , and having