him . He had no hesitation in saving , that if this measure passed , it must be only the first of a series of bills more daring than any this country ever saw , in order to attain an object which no government had a right to accomplish , and which , in reality , no government could effect . The noble earl who spoke last had gone so far as to assert , that the demand made by his noble friend was unjust towards his tenants , and mischievous to the country . On the contrary , he would maintain , that should it appear , as he had no doubt it would , that his noble friend was only dealing fairly for the interests of his own family , acting according to the laws of the land , and in consonance to his own rights , even though his conduct should be hostile to the system pursued by government ; all that would only prove that their system was a had one , and the sooner it was done away with the better . Instead of exciting a clamour against the conduct of his noble friend , should it not rather be received as a warning , that it was high time for government to retrace its steps , and if possible correct the evil before it was beyond the reach of remedy The whole matter might be resolved into this short argument . Bank notes were either depreciated , or they were not ; if there was no depreciation , then his noble friend 's demand could do no harm , and gold could , of course , be obtained ; if there was a depreciation , then he must contend that his noble friend was giving the country a warning in time , by which they might profit . '' Lay not this flattering unction to your souls , '' as if the present system could go on much longer . Were this Bill carried , recourse must be had to the principle of a maximum , and all the other measured which originated in France from the law 815 that forbad the circulation of assignats but at its nominal value . The law of the maximum proceeded not from wickedness or folly , but from the previous steps that were taken . People would not bring their commodities to market , when they could not get what they wanted in exchange , and hence all the measures of force adopted to prevent the people from famishing . This Bill once made a law , he defied parliament to stop in the tremendous career ; and to the very same complexion as in France would the matter come at last in this country . There was no other remedy but making the Bank resume its payments in specie . There was no choice , no other medium left . The Bank must either pay in gold , or things would go on , till parliament would be actually forced to adopt the most abominable measure of a maximum . The noble earl had stated , what in his mind was the ground of advancing rents on granting leases . He said that , it was founded on a calculation of the advance in the depreciation of money . But how much did these fatal words , '' Good and lawful money of the land , '' stand in the way of such an idea ? Did not these words expressly mean , that the landlord was not to be paid in a depreciated currency ; and was not the Bank-note depreciated , when a pound-note and seven shillings were currently given for a guinea ? But the true reason why the landlord granted a long lease , was that his tenant might have an opportunity of improving the laud to his own advantage , and thus leaving it ultimately in the hands of his landlord of more value than he found it . He must again repeat , that his noble friend had , in his mind , acted agreeably to the interests of his