was the evil thereof . The right hon . gentleman seemed even to hold out threats against the landed proprietors . He did not know whether gentlemen were disposed to put up with this . He was satislied that in that House the right hon . gentleman could carry any measure he proposed ; but did not this furnish a further proof of the inadequate representation in that House ? Did the right hon . gentleman suppose that this evil would stop short of the fixing a maximum of price ? He was satisfied it would not . It might , indeed , seem to be equally dangerous to return as to go over ; but there could be no doubt that the path in which we now were must lead to ruin . It must end in destruction ; he did not say in the destruction of the people of the country , for a brave and free people were immortal ; but it must end in the ruin of the established system . observing that there were about 40 members of the corporation of the Bank of England who had seats in that House , and being of opinion that they were not fit persons to legislate on the subject of the present Bill , and that 100 in the absence of the country gentlemen , while at the same time he was anxious to put on record a comparison of the nature of the interests of those gentlemen , and of the noble lord who had been so grossly calumniated in the present question , gave notice that he should , previous to the second reading of the Bill , submit to the House how far the persons alluded to were fit and proper persons to be allowed to vote on such an occasion . most perfectly accorded in the view taken of the subject by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He considered the whole honour of the measure to be due to lord Stanhope . He did not wish to speak disrespectfully of lord King ; but when his leases expired , he thought that noble lord would find some difficulty in getting the same respectable tenants again . He had found no difficulty in posing bank notes , except that which 906 was felt from the want of small change ; and if he had to receive 100,000l . he should be happy to get it in bank of Eng-land notes . did not intend to notice the whole of the arguments made use of by gentlemen opposite , but he felt it necessary to explain some points of his speech , which had been commented on in the course of the debate . With respect to what he had said on the subject of the limitation of the act as to time , he should be sorry if the House were to separate with an idea that he wished it to be understood that the measure was wholly to terminate on the 24th of March . He had pointed to the manner in which the act was framed , to shew that it must again , come under the consideration of parliament early in the next session , and not to insinuate that there was a probability that at the period named , all necessity for such a measure would be at an end . An hon . gent . had asked him what he would do with respect to the mode of enforcing the Bill ? On this subject he had to observe , that on such a Bill coming from the Lords without any penal clause , it by no mean followed , that no such provision was to be made , as a clause of that description could not originate in the other House . It was his intention to propose one in a future stage of the Bill.—He then proceeded to vindicate what he had advanced on the subject of lord King 's conduct , and defended himself from the charge of having thrown any unjust aspersion on the character of that noble lord . When he used the