Ireland has since unhappily proved it to be necessary , that I should endeavour to look at those taxes , which , by experience , existing in England were found least injurious , and I looked to the raising of such stamp duties as I thought Ireland could bear . I saw then more considerable difficulties than this , because I could not conceive then nor can I see it now , how the price of advertisements can hurt the newspapers . It appears that not only the advertisements are given in the papers , but by the produce of the tax since its commencement , that it is operative . I will just state , what would have been the effect if I had pursued the English system . It is said , that for one advertisement 2l . 14s . 6d . is paid in Ireland , which in England would be only 3s . Why ? because in England they pay for only one advertisement though it be more than ten lines . What would be the consequence ? If I had followed the English duty— [ Mr. Shaw said something across the table , ] If the hon . gent . has a mind to have the English duty , let him propose it . I will state to him that the present duty in Ireland is , what it would amount to as it is collected in England , and what it would have amounted to had it not been increased . The old duty in 1809 , upon 94,000 single advertisements of ten lines was 47,000l . I proposed raising the duty to 2s . which amounted to 9,491l . If I had adopted the English mode of paying 3s . for each , it would have been 14,200l . ; what then is the difference between the two modes ? It is this , that we have endeavoured to make the single advertisements cheap , and to throw the great weight of the tax upon long advertisements , thinking that the short advertisements came from persons in a lower rank in life than those who sent the long advertisements ; the long ones generally relating to property which is able to pay a higher duty . It was the same with the stamp duties—that which now was only 7,400l . by the British duty might be made 16,900l . if 185 the hon . gent . wishes his constituents should be put on the same footing as the newspapers in London , I can certainly have no objection to it . It is for him to do it if he pleases . said , that he had been applied to by several printers in Dublin to propose a repeal of the stamp duties on hand bills . There was an objection to this duty as well as to the duties on advertisements , which he conceived could not be got over ; they were directly contrary to the express enactment of the 7th article of the Union , which provided , that no article in Ireland should be made subject to a higher duty than the same article was subject to in England . In this country there was no duty on hand bills , and on advertisements the duty never could exceed 3s . on each advertisement ; whereas in Ireland , if it consisted of more than ten lines , it was much higher than this sum.—The duties , therefore , imposed in the last session ought never to be allowed . It was owing to the manner in which the act was hurried through the House , that no notice was taken of this defect in it ; he now trusted that it would be looked into , and its regulations made at least consistent with the Act of Union . —The hon . gent . mentions now , that the tax on hand-bills is to be taken into consideration with the other subject , if I understand the object of his motion . I can only say , that the tax on hand bills was recommended to me by