given testimony on the trial , Daniel Wright , he should state one fact : that he brought an action against the editor of a newspaper , for publishing a paragraph representing him as a perjured witness , and laid his damages at 1,000l . To that action the editor entered a plea of justification ; and the consequence was , that Wright had withdrawn his action , paying his own costs . A paper had been the day preceding put into his hands , re-asserting the charge of perjury . As to the other witness , who had been attorney to Mrs. Clarke , he had to state , that Mr. Alley , his counsel , had asserted at a public dinner in the city , that that person had stated at his table what was contrary to what ha swore on the trial . He had 510 thought it necessary to state these facts to the House , and should not trouble them with any farther observations at that hour . had but a few words to address to the House . An hon . member had said , that he was rejoiced that this motion had been brought forward , as it would give the House an opportunity to retrace its steps , and atone for its former error . He was glad to give that hon . gent , this satisfaction . The hon . member had asserted too , that during the former proceedings there was a kind of fever in the public mind , a purilo-mania , which , by the delusion it created , led to the errors which he wished to retract . If he ( lord Milton ) had acted on that occasion from such a delusion , he would be ready , with the hon . member , to retrace his steps ; but he had formed his opinion in that instance as a juror , and with the same solemnity as if he had been on oath ; but it was because nothing had since happened to change the opinion he then formed , that he came forward with his present motion . rose , and said , that whatever difference of opinion might sometimes occur in questions of this nature , he could anticipate none on the present occasion The highest honour that could be paid to the exertions of our army and navy , were to be found in the thanks of the parliament , and the approbation of the sovereign , which was so felt by them to whom such approbation was given . He knew also , from former experience , that it was a tribute to departed merit most grateful to the surviving friends and relatives of those who fell in their country 's service , a consolation that 512 much alleviated their regret . An attention to this natural feeling was peculiarly applicable in the present instance , considering the nature of the conflict , the magnitude of the loss , and all the other circumstances of the affair . A peculiar feature in this action likewise called for particular attention . Though the severity , of the action fell principally on the British troops , yet it was a battle in which not only British , but Portuguese and Spaniards shared the dangers and glories of the day . Though the army was thus composed of three nations , yet we had seen a perfect cordiality among the officers , and a similar courage and perseverance in the troops . The enemy 's object was one of great importance ; no less than raising the blockade and siege of Badajoz ; in which attempt , if successful , he would have compelled the allies to retreat behind the Guadiana . For this purpose he had collected all his disposable force in the south of Spain , and advanced against the allied army . The details of the business were before their lordships , who had seen , that early in the day the severity of the attack fell chiefly on the Spanish forces ; whose steady valour , if not crowned with