removed from office . It was perfectly understood at the time , that the 2½ per cent . was given to Mr. Palmer , not merely as a reward for his invention , but as a retainer for future services . Mr. Pitt was never disinclined to Mr. Palmer , until it was fully disclosed to him , that instead of checking , and controlling the accounts , as it was his duty to have done , he not only neglected that duty , but instructed the officers under him to violate their duties also , for the purpose of counteracting the Postmaster-General . Instead of accelerating the delivery of letters , it appeared in evidence , that he had purposely retarded the delivery . All this appeared in letters in Mt . Palmer 's own hand-writing , directed to Mr. Bonner , and by other incontestible evidence . It was clearly proved , that instead of doing his duty of controlling the accounts he had been instrumental in the passing of fabricated accounts . Under such circumstances , he believed that there was not a lawyer in the House who would not say , that if his situation of comptroller to the Post-office had been a patent place and for life , the patent might have been set aside on a scire facias , when such instances of gross misconduct in his office had been fully proved . The evidence of Mr. Pitt was clear upon the point of the reward being given , as well for the control and super intendance that was expected from Mr. Palmer , as from the merit of the invention . In this part of what was expected of him , Mr. Palmer had completely failed in his duty . It was on those grounds principally that he fell it his duty to oppose the address . observed , that , if it were necessary to follow the right hon . gent . into his different objections to the motion , it would be easy to refute them ; but there would be no use in dwelling upon such objections , as they had been already disposed of by the resolution of that House . Mr. Palmer , was , in his opinion , very hardly dealt with ; and , as the House had solemnly recognized his claims , he called upon them to fulfil the public faith pledged by parliament . He could 258 not on this occasion but call to mind the flourishing representation of the revenne of the Post-office , made last night by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He had taken down his words , and if he should have mistaken him , he should be happy to be corrected . All this improvement in the Post-office re-venue was owing to Mr. Palmer 's plan . Before that plan was put in execution , the communication between London and the out-ports , by letter , took place but twice or three times a week , and by a way circuitous , precarious , and perilous . Without the benefit of this plan even the telegraph in time of war might be sometimes useless . It would be disgraceful to the House to dishonour its own resolution , Mr. Pitt estimated the improvement of the revenue of the post-office under the plan at 200,000l . ; it had actually produced , according to the statement of the right hon . gent . last night , 1,276,000l . He knew he might be told that part of the increase arose from other causes ; but he would answer , that they must have been all abortive , had not Mr. Palmer communicated his original plan . The Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed giving relief to Scotland , from a part of the encreased revenues of the Post-office , and yet he refused to remunerate the man who supplied him with the means ! Besides the obvious ad-vantages attending the present mode of conveying letters , there were many in-direct ones , which raised the revenue to a height which could not be calculated . In