a violence to their gentle natures ! If the pound note were at nineteen shillings , and the bank restriction bill were repealed , be should be curious to see whether or not the bank would manifest any anxiety to satisfy these just demands . Certainly , if paper was to be at par with cash , then even the bank would feel no difficulty on the subject , and the circulation of the country would be restored to the health which it enjoyed before that ill-advised , and he feared illfated measure , the restriction . The project he wished to submit to them was this : That the overplus of the profits of the , bank company , above that which was necessary to pay their dividends at present , should be put by , and not allowed to in- 931 crease their dividends , and raise the price of bank stock from 230l . to 270l . to 280l , to 290l . or to 300l . He would have the overplus of their profits put by to form a separate fund , to be placed under the care of persons appointed by parliament . This fund he would have shut up from the company , but as soon as they were willing to resume payments in specie , it should be thrown open to them , and then he should be glad to see the price of bank stock rise from 230l . to 500l . or 1,000l . if it were possible , after settling their debts and paying their notes in cash.—Having said thus much of the remedy which he felt it to be his duty to recommend , he would now advert to that remedy which he feared would one , and no very distant day , be proposed to the House with a much better chance of success by the right hon . gent , opposite . It flowed so directly from the principles avowed by that right hon . gent. , that he marvelled it had not been already brought before them , and laid his account in its speedy annunciation . They had been told that the bank note was not depreciated , that the guinea for circulation bore no premium , and that the price of provisions were increasing but in a natural way . That which some persons viewed as a depreciation of bank paper , they had been told was neither more nor less than that state of things naturally growing out of the public expenditure under existing circumstances . He would not stop to inquire into the fact of the depreciation , but leave it altogether to those who contended there were no grounds for such an assertion . Giving up this , however , it followed , if the arguments made use of by the friends to the present system were good , that there was a way to relieve the country with ease and with speed from its present embarrassments . Let them take 2 or 300 millions from the national debt . Let them fearlessly apply the sponge at once . Twelve or fifteen millions a year , would thus be taken off the taxes . Such a measure , it was true , would affect the property of the public creditor ; but if the public creditor no longer did take a full hundred pound for his dividend—say , such a change were made , that instead of 100l . he received but 50l . still , if the reasoning they had heard was correct , he would not be injured by the new arrangement . If there were any truth in the arguments advanced , to account for the present high prices , it followed that those prices must fall when such an alteration were made , 932 and the public creditor could not be injured , if he could command as much with the 50l . he received as he formerly could with the 100l . he was in the habit of taking as his dividend . If it would press thus lightly on the public creditor how would such