young woman married to an older man was not as much bound to give him her whole attachment , as if their ages were equal . It was lord Thurlow 's opinion , that a wife 's bringing a large fortune , was no reason that an adultress should demand back a large provision . Two hundred pounds would probably have been the portion allotted by lord Thurlow . said , if 200l . was enough in lord Thurlow 's time , 400l . was not more than enough now . conceived the question an extremely serious one . He wished to have time to consider it . It was only mercy to the sex , to avoid making the road easy and profitable to a crime , most injurious to society , and ruinous to the character of females . Ha did not know yet , whether the House ought to sanction the giving so large a share of the interest of her portion to this unfortunate woman . It might be , too , that passing a clause to that effect might be introducing a precedent and interfering with proceedings already instituted by the other House . He wished to hear the opinions of legal men on that point . said , that he had known an instance of a clause of the nature of the present one inserted by the Commons and that it was not rejected by the Lords . The House went into a Committee , and the clause was brought up , and read a first and a second time . answered , that Mrs. Loveden 's portion was 12,000l . and ( as far as we could understand ) that the liberality of her family made it equal to 1,000 a year . observed , that the clause was not without example . In 1793 , a clause had been introduced into a bill from the Lords , and it was not thrown out by them on its return . The sum named was , however only 50l . But during the ten years in which he had been Speaker , no such measure had been brought forward ; and when he saw the bill coming from the Lords without such a clause , and when the motion was made at so late a period of the session , he must recommend the House to take farther time to consider what they were doing . After a few words from sir J. Graham , the Speaker moved that the Committee report progress , and ask leave to sit again which was agreed to . said , that Mr. Philipps had called upon him at about 10 o'clock in the morning , and told him , that though he had not been served with an order , he understood the House required his attendance , and therefore he would come either that day , or the following . He requested to know the nature and prayer of the petition , and being told that it was to compel his appearance to an indictment in the county of Surrey , he asked , What he should do ? To this he ( Mr. Lockbart ) replied , that he should go to a clerk of the peace , and give bail for his appearance ; and also before a judge in his chambers , and bind himself to attend at the session . Mr. Philipps 's answer was , that he was always Willing to do so , bat being misinformed by his attorney , and told that his appearence was not necessary , he bad neglected it . In consequence of this communication , he had to state , that Mr. Philipps had since appeared before a clerk of the peace , and brought from him a certificate to that effect ; and also that he had promised on his honour to attend at the judge 's chambers . Having succeeded so far , he trusted the House would consider he had discharged his duty : he therefore moved that the order for Mr. Philipps 's appearance might be discharged . said that as