The simple propo- 128 sition was , that notes were to all intents and purposes as good as cash for internal payments . So he apprehended it was , in spite of some extraordinary cases , and so he apprehended it would be . There had been only one case where coin had been demanded by a creditor , and pronounced to be the only legal tender ; and did not this prove , that in the common transactions of life . Bank notes were held to all intents and purposes equivalent to coin ? —Upon the whole , the present times were totally different from all former precedent , both in respect of our foreign expenditure , and the state of commerce . If the mound erected by the enemy against our continental trade were once removed , this country was full of all those commodities which would speedily restore the exchanges . Undoubtedly , the expenditure of a war of 20 years had greatly increased the circulating medium , the value of which was of course diminished in the same way as would be effected by a great influx of the precious metals . But this operation had taken place gradually , and therefore 30 far , injustice to creditors had neither been intended nor produced . With these views , he had no difficulty in concurring with the Resolutions of his right hon . friend . opposed the Resolutions . begged to know whether it was the intention of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer to have the Report brought up immediately , as he had an Amendment to propose ? said , he would prefer bringing it up to morrow . then gave notice , that he would move an Amendment to the-first Resolution , if that of the hon . gent. , ( Mr . Canning ) was rejected , the object of which would be to do away all the Resolutions . rose , agreeably to notice 129 to more for leave to bring in a Bill connected with the Salaries of the Board of Controul and other Officers and Clerks in this department of the East India Company 's affairs . From the papers already before the House , they would see that the sum appointed for the salaries of the Commissioners of the Board of Controul , at the original establishment of that Board was 5,000l , a year , and the sum for the salaries of the clerks was limited to 11,000l . a year . If these sums were esteemed no more than adequate compensations in 1793 , the House would readily believe that they were by no means adequate at the present period . The 11,000l . to the clerks was at first more than sufficient , and a balance arising on this head had accumulated for some years . This sum so accumulated , however , was exhausted , and unless an augmentation was immediately given , the number of clerks now employed must be reduced ; This was a thing by no means desirable , and he intended to propose an increase of 1,400l . or 1,500l . a year on this head , which , with the sum formerly allowed to accumulate , would amount to about 3,000l . a year . There was one increase to which he , with reluctance , called the attention of the House , being a proposed increase to the salary of the office which he himself held . It was for the House to determine on this point . He should not have brought it before them , had he not been compelled to bring forward the claims of others which were far more urgent than this claim of increase to the salary of the President of the Board was . There was another thing to which he meant this Bill to extend , namely , to allow the company , with the advice of the Board of Controul , the power of replacing officers who might be dismissed by sentence of court martial , there being a doubt whether the prohibition at present in force