guineas in payment , in any bargain should give public notice beforehand of their intention . As to the case of a subsisting ; lease , there might be more difficulty ill finding a remedy against undue demands : but he had two remarks to make on that pan of the subject—first , that whatever rule the noble lord adopted , with regard to others , he ought not to object to its being applied to himself ; and secondly , that the state was as entire and perfect as the persons of whom it was composed . It followed that the payments of the noble lord to the state ought to be made in the same way as he himself exacted payments from others . Upon the noble lord 's own scheme , he , in nine taxes out of ten , did not contribute fairly to the public . He was aware that the Bank notes had been made a legal lender to the tax gatherer , but it had never been in the contemplation of Mr. Pitt or of the legislature , that the revenue should be deteriorated . A the Property tax was imposed ad valorem , the contribution there would be fair enough ; but in Assessed taxes , in Excise and Customs , the noble lord upon his own plan did not contribute fairly . How did he pay for his servants , his horses and carriages ? How did he pay the duties upon the chief articles of consumption , his salt , his coals and candies ? How did he pay his wine and malt duties ? In a depreciated currency . And upon what ground could he claim an advantage which he refused to others ? None of these taxes were paid according to a fair proportion upon the noble lord 's own scheme . Where , then , would be the injustice with regard to the noble lord , if the Chancellor of the Exchequer were to calculate the depreciation of the taxes , and compel his lordship to contribute according to the real value ? He should like , therefore , to see an enactment compelling every landlord who demanded his rent in guineas , to pay his taxes in guineas . Taxes amounting at present to 40 millions might by this means be raised to 50 millions ; and he would ask those who were loudest in praise of the noble lord 's conduct , whether , if this expedient were adopted , there would not speedily be an end to the cry of depreciation ? He should be glad then , that every landlord demanding guineas should be obliged to pay to the state in guineas . The noble lord himself could not object to this plan , 936 and it would be as easy in practice as just in principle . It would be safe and satisfactory , however , at first to try it upon a small scale . Suppose it were enacted in the first place , that the assessed taxes should be paid in gold . He really wished to have some enactment of this kind , for every thing was to be tried before the Bank notes were made a legal tender ; and this plan was highly equitable , and easy of execution . This , he apprehended , would prevent persons joining , in any great numbers , in this act of suicide . Why was it that the wealth of the noble lord gave him more consideration in society , than equal wealth would do in Poland , and many other countries ? The greater security of property in this country . The landed property here was not only free from spoliation , to which it was subjected in other countries , but had been peculiarly favoured in comparison with other kinds of property , even in this country . The landholder had a great advantage over the annuitant—the West India proprietor—the merchant and manufacturer , upon whose exertions the value of land itself in a considerable degree depended . He was grateful for the advantage he bad enjoyed