the House . '' rose , and observed , that he regretted much he had not been in the House last night , when , he was given to understand , an hon . member ( Mr. Whitbread ) had stated that there was a division in the Queen 's Council with regard to the state of his Majesty 's health ; some of the members being of opinion that he was in a state to resume the royal functions , others that he was not . As ho , the Master of the Rolls , had never conceived it possible that such a report could be in circulation , knowing that it had no existence in fact , he could not suppose it likely , that it could find its way into the hon . member 's speech , otherwise he should have felt it his duty to be in his place , to give the statement of the hon . member an absolute contradiction . He had only now to declare , that no division in the Queen 's Council had ever taken place , either on the supposed question of difference alluded to by the hon . gentleman , or on any other whatever . moved the second reading of the Irish Duties and Drawbacks Bill . expressed his astonishment that the noble earl had not given some explanation on the subject of this Bill , containing , as it did , a clause ruinous to the Distilleries of this country . contended , that the noble earl 's objection only applying to a particular clause , the time for discussing it was in the Committee , and that to the principle of the Bill there could be no objection ; its object being the annual continuation of the Irish Duties , which would expire on the 5th of July . recurred to what he had stated on a former day , on the clause relative to the Drawback on Spirits exported from Ireland to Great Britain , and observed that by the operation of this clause , the Irish distiller would be actually enabled to land his spirits in London at an expence amounting to 10d . less per gallon than the prime cost of a gallon of spirits manufactured here . It was evident , therefore , that the distillers in Great Britain would be thus rendered wholly unable to sell their spirits , and must suspend the working of their distilleries . He was aware that government , conscious of the evil which would thus be inflicted , had prepared another Bill , which was now in the House of Commons , and the object of which was to suspend the drawbacks in England and Scotland until the next session ; but this also would be a great evil , as the Distillers , particularly in Scotland , had not capital enough to go on under such circumstances , His object , therefore , was to postpone the second reading of this Bill , until the other came up from the Commons , that they might have both Bills before them ; and with that view moved to postpone the second reading till this day se'nnight . observed , that if the clause now objected to was not agreed to , the Irish Distiller would , as the law now stood , be entitled to a greater drawback than he would under this clause , and the evil complained of would of course be the greater . He thought the proper time for discussing the remedy for the evil would be when the other Bill came up from the Commons , and therefore objected to delaying the progress of the present Bill . strenuously recommended the propriety of adjourning the second reading , till they could have the whole of this measure before them . considered all the objections suggested as applicable to the provisions , and not to the principle of the Bill , and therefore they afforded no reason why they should postpone the second reading . moved the third reading of the above Bill . opposed the motion , on the