He knew before this the numerous cabals and plots that were hatched against Mr. Palmer by those who ; were interested in opposing this reform ; and he was convinced in his own mind , that Mr. Palmer would stand but a poor chance if he were not permitted to clear 266 the office of all those private opposers of what they called innovation . This was what Mr. Palmer wished to effect , and this was the cause of his acting as he then did . To suppose that he had the most distant intention to diminish the revenue of the office was evidently ridiculous . His own per centage was a sufficient security against that , for he could not lessen the one without in an equal degree injuring the other . If Mr. Palmer had been guilty of the foul and abominable conspiracy with which the right hon . gent . charged him , how came Mr. Pitt to give him three thousand pounds a year ? Had he been a conspirator , this would have been an act of great injustice to the public in Mr. Pitt . He thought Mr. Palmer was right in accepting this 3,000l . a year while he could get it , though to his knowledge , Mr. Pitt had always protested against if , as a breach of the original contract . He hoped the honourable officer , the relative of Mr. Palmer , who brought forward the present motion , would not take the advice given to him to withdraw it ; but that he would depend on the honour and justice of the House , rather than its charity which the giver of the advice had promised to procure in his favour . He thought Mr. Palmer a most injured man . He now offered to give up 50,000l . a year , which his percentage would have amounted to , and only asked for 50,000l . in the whole . This was an act of justice which he hoped the House would this night render him . admitted that Mr. Palmer had a right to the percentage , but condemned the mode in which it was proposed to allow his claim . concurred with his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , and complained of the misrepresentation given to his argument respecting the offence that the proceeding would give to the Lords . The land and malt tax was understood as a matter of course , and was a subject on which no heat or difference of opinion had ever existed between the two Houses . He argued , that instances could be adduced in which the House had adopted a similar proceeding . They were calling , if this motion was carried , on the Prince Regent , to do that which he must know would not be agreeable to the other House . apologised for trespassing on the House at that late hour of the discussion , but from what had fallen from the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , he 267 felt himself compelled to tack another Ryder to the debate ( a laugh . ) He vindicated the conduct of Mr. Palmer , and pointed out the advantage the public had derived from the arrangement that had been adopted with respect to the Post-office , pursuant to his suggestion . It was unjust that such services should go unrewarded . They had only to recollect what had bean promised , and the present remuneration would appear but small . The whole country , he had no doubt , would approve of this vote , who had found their correspondence in all parts of the empire so much more safe and expeditious . He was surprised that an hon . lawyer opposite , who had been consulted on the subject , ( the Solicitor General ) should remain silent on the present occasion . He complained of the obloquy that had been thrown out against Mr. Palmer in the course of this debate , and referred to the conduct of Mr. Pitt on the