of succession to the throne . But he was persuaded , if similar circumstances had existed at any other period—if a female minor had succeeded to the crown , while the military power of the kingdom was under the controul of the presumptive heir—it would be incredible that parliament should be prorogued without adverting to such a situation of the kingdom , unless indeed the existence of a war of unexampled difficulty might create a belief that parliament had been so busily occupied as naturally to overlook this momentous consideration . In referring to those periods in which the sceptre of these kingdoms had been swayed by princesses , it was impossible not to augur well of what might hereafter happen ; and in the contemplation of a female reign , pregnant as his mind was with grateful recollections 550 of the past , and fond anticipations of the future , he could not but think that if he lived at a different time , we should find it difficult to believe that any ministers should be so negligent of their duty , so forgetful of the interests and tranquillity of the country , as to propose no legislative measure , to take no precautionary step in such a state of things , so fertile with danger and alarm . The right hon . gent . in answer to his question , had urged the difficulty of devising a remedy , and had stated that none had ever before been adopted . This , then , was his apology for the continuance of that evil—this his argument from past errors in justification of present negligence . Thus much for the general consideration ; and he conceived that he had sketched a picture sufficiently interesting to induce the House to take it into attentive consideration . He would now beg leave to ask , what was the state of the country with respect to the King himself ? At the opening of the session they were told that his Majesty 's indisposition would not probably last a fortnight ; another fortnight was then talked of ; and then week after week elapsed , and still it was said that the Regency Bill would never pass into a law . The Bill , however , at length passed , and then the public anxiety was met by the bulletins of the physicians , so delusive and enigmatical , that , at last , folly itself could no longer place any confidence in them . Continually representing his Majesty to be advancing towards recovery , they still left him at a distance from the goal . What inference was it possible for the public to draw from these uncertain and contradictory declarations ? Rumour , however , had lately mentioned differences , among the physicians , and not only , among the physicians , but among the Queen 's council , some of the members of which it represented to have been of opinion that his Majesty was competent to the resumption of his authority . So much for rumour , which if not contradicted , he thought did furnish a sufficient ground to induce the House to take some step on this subject before the prorogation . The public was lately informed that his Majesty had had a fresh accession of his disorder , but that it was not on the increase . What did this mean ? What could the , country understand from this declaration ? Were they to believe that the disorder was less or more than on the 25th of October last ? Supposing his Majesty to resume , 551 and soon after to suffer a relapse , before the parliament should again assemble , the Regency Bill would be extinct , and every thing must be then repeated , and the old set of difficulties would again occur . Was this a state , he would ask , in which it was the duty of parliament to leave the country ! So strongly had this consideration impressed itself on his mind , that he had determined to call the attention of the House to it , and