the consequences of which were—the flight of the enemy from the scene of action—the abandonment of their wounded : and the situation of the miserable remnant of the French array might be estimated from the intercepted letter of general Gazan to Marshal Soult , which represented the force under him of wounded to amount to 4,000 men . But the usual consequences of this glorious victory would prove most highly beneficial to the cause in which we were engaged . When they considered the effect that must necessarily be produced by the signal disappointment of all the boasts of the enemy , by the frustrating of all their proud pretensions and anticipated triumphs , it was impossible to describe that effect in stronger terms than in the language of general Beresford , who alluded to the impression that would be made by the return of Marshal Soult , after all his boasts , to Seville with a broken army , and what was worse , 524 a diminished reputation . But in the circumstances of this action there were some particulars which might afford the enemy a pretext to claim a victory . In the charge which the brigade of colonel Colbourne had sustained from the Polish cavalry , the three regiments of which it was composed undoubtedly lost their colours . The colours of one of them were afterwards recovered , one standard re-taken from the enemy , and the other preserved for his corps in an exemplary manner by the gallant officer who had the charge of it . The colours of the two other regiments undoubtedly were in the possession of the enemy , and would in all probability be made the ground of a claim of triumph . Whilst upon this topic , he trusted the House would excuse him for adverting to the very gallant and heroic conduct of the two officers who bore the colours of the Buffs , which had been preserved . One of them was surrounded by the enemy , and when asked to give up his colours , answered , `` Not , but with my life ! '' and his life was the instant forfeit of his refusal , ( a call of Name ! name ! ) The name of this heroic individual was ensign Thomas . The standard thus taken was afterwards recovered from the enemy . The manner in which the other standard was preserved , was marked by circumstances equally meritorious and honourable to the individual who preserved it , and equally entitled to the applause and admiration of his country . Ensign Walsh was the officer he alluded to . This gallant individual , having the staff of the colours broken by a cannon bail , which also severely wounded himself , fell upon the field of battle , and more anxious about his precious charge than for himself , contrived to separate the flag from the remnant of the staff , and secured it in his bosom , from which he afterwards produced it when his wounds were dressed after the battle . ( Hear ! hear . ) He was rejoiced to name these heroic individuals , and to give all the splendour to their reputation , which the mention of their deeds in that House was calculated to confer.—He knew not whether it might be permitted him here to mention also the case of General Beresford himself . After the charge of the Polish cavalry , which had proved so disastrous to the brigade of colonel Colbourne , one horseman , separated from his corps , and unsupported by any others , approached so near Marshal Beresford , either from the effects of intoxication or the phrenzy of military enthusiasm , as to aim a blow at 525 his life . The general , anxious only to preserve the life of the man , evaded his blow by his dexterity , and , availing himself of his superior strength , pulled him to the ground ; but no sooner was he perceived still meditating a blow at the general , than he was instantly dispatched by one of his orderlies .