government , and who will , no doubt , so distribute their favours , that it will receive more out of the taxes than it will ever contribute to them . It is notorious that this paper has been sent gratis throughout the country , and the advertisements it contains are government Proclamations or Decrees , signed `` W. W. Pole , '' therefore no argument can be drawn from a paper of such a description , which ought to affect the legitimate press of Ireland . The right hon . gent . in his usual manner proposes to redress the grievance of the Petitioners—how ? Why , by increasing their burthens ; but I can not believe him serious ; he knows perfectly well that Ireland can not bear equal taxation with this country ; and therefore his proposition looks like mockery . The other right hon . gent. , for the motion has only been opposed by the two Chancellors , has been pleased to treat the subject with ridicule ; he laughs at the idea that newspapers are indebted for any part of their circulation to their advertisements ; he seems to think in fact that no person reads them , but if the fact be that they are such unnoticed kind of things , why do advertisers go to the expence of paying for them ? and why does the right hon . gent . tax them ? But in order to shew this right hon . gent . how perfectly he is mistaken upon the point , I have only to tell him , that there is a paper published in Dublin called the Day Note , which , contains nothing but advertisements , and therefore , can not be bought for its news ; and yet has a considerable circulation . Sir , the case of the petitioners is well deserving the attention of the House—they have a formidable rivalship to contend with in the great circulation which English newspapers have obtained in Ireland , and therefore , the profits arising from advertisements must be a greater object to them than it is to the newspapers in this country , whose circulation is so immense , extending throughout the whole of the British dominions in various parts of the world . I have now only to add , that upon one point I have not been answered at all . I did assert , that the produce , of this tax was less since than it was before it was doubled ; and I was prepared to prove it from the best information I could procure , and which I believe to be correct . Should the House go into a Committee , it will be 195 proved to their satisfaction . Upon so just an occasion , I must certainly press the question . The House then divided , when the numbers were—For the motion 17 ; Against it 29 ; Majority 12. called the attention of the House to the present state of the law with respect to Elections in Ireland . It was well known , that before a person was permitted to vote for the return of a member to parliament , it was necessary that he should register his estate , and take certain oaths prescribed by law . In those oaths blanks were left to be filled up , and in the filling of them up frequent disputes arose , which had caused many petitions to be sent to that House . It was with respect to those blanks that he wished something to be done , that a man should not lose his elective franchise through any informality in filling them up . In addition to all the other forms , it was rendered necessary by the acts of 13th , 14th , and 33d of the king , that the Roman Catholic should produce a certificate of his having taken the oaths , & c. before he could be allowed to Vote . Now , in some instances it had happened that the officers appointed to give the certificate , had , through not giving a