convinced , from my residence in Ireland , and the knowledge I have of the Irish as a people , that they are more susceptible of any kindness and attention than any other nation ; and if they are so , as I can most truly say I have always found them in private transactions , what must they not feel towards this country , in return for their requests being granted , and their just rights being acknowledged ? For these reasons , and for many others which I will not at present trouble your lordships with , I feel it my duty , as a peer of these kingdoms , to give my vote for my noble friend 's motion . observed , that after the speech of the noble lord on the other side , who spoke last but one , he 659 could not give a silent vote on the present occasion , especially as he had not delivered his sentiments when this question was last before their lordships . He differed widely from that noble lord when he Stated the jealousy that existed with respect to these , claims , as a reason why they should not be discussed . On the contrary , it was because there did exist such a jealousy—because the question had been made a repeated foundation of alarm , for which there was no real ground , that he was most anxious it should be discussed ; for he was convinced that the more it was canvassed , and the better it was understood , the sooner would that alarm be extinguished , which on some occasions , from the best motives , on others from the worse , had frequently been excited . The noble lord had said , that he did not wish to suppress the Catholic religion , but to support the constitution . Catholic disabilities , however , formed no part of the constitution—the constitution did not rest upon a system of exclusion . It was true , that on grounds of expediency , the propriety of which he would not then discuss , the benefit of the constitution had been suspended as far as respected particular classes . But the spirit of the constitution required an equal enjoyment of all rights and privileges , provided the state was not endangered thereby . He considered it as immaterial whether those claims were put upon the foundation of right or expediency—for there could be no right , if the state should be endangered by acceding to them ; if not , the right manifestly existed ; but their lordships and the other branches of the legislature were the judges whether there really was any ground of apprehension . They were to consider where the danger was now to be found . He could not agree with the noble lord in considering the powers of the constitution as incomplete , when they had been established by an act of parliament ; but , at any rate , there was nothing in the present circumstances that rendered it improper to discuss this subject . Their lordships had now to consider whether , when the reasons which bad given rise to these disabilities no longer existed , they were in these times not only to shut out the Catholics from their fair share of the privileges of the constitution , but to deprive themselves of the services of the most numerous class in a part of their dominions which produced as much genius and talents as ever distinguished any portion of the globe . 660 With regard to the dangers of granting these claims of the Catholics , he knew no way of judging , except by a reference to their opinions and conduct . As to the principles and opinions of the Catholics , he conjured his noble friend not to take them from any other mouths than their own ; for he was aware that a meaning had been ascribed to certain Catholic tenets , which they themselves denied , and consequences were drawn from them which they abhorred . They had a right to be judged by