a proceeding affect the rest of the community ? They must experience a very great benefit from such a measure . They would not only be bettered so much as they were relieved by the reductions of the taxes , ( which alone must be great , as their incomes would not be affected like the income of the public creditor ) but they would also be benefited by the fall of the prices of all commodities , which must follow the measure , if there were one iota of truth in that which had been advanced by those who contended there was no depreciation of the Bank of England paper . It remained for the gentlemen opposite to say why they did not accept this challenge , and adopt such a measure as that which he had described . It was for them to give their reasons for declining it , but he ( Mr. Brougham ) had a right to call upon them to go into the question , and to relieve the country from the embarrassment of its currency , by acting on their own principles . If they did not do this , he had a right to say they did not believe that which they themselves had advanced , or that they were a set of theorists , who were afraid of acting in conformity with their own doctrine . He did not think it would be expedient , this session , nor did he think the Chancellor of the Exchequer , bold as he had been said to be , and great as was his fortitude in calmly regarding the distresses of others—he did not think that he would soon rise to propose a measure , which even the arrogant mind of his predecessor shrank from—a measure for opposing the legitimate claims of the public creditor . They had not only the example of France before them , but also that of other countries , which bore a still greater resemblance to that situation in which this country would be placed if the Bill before the House were passed into a law . They had the history of the coinage of other countries . That of the states of Germany would be found not inapplicable to us , and more especially the history of what had taken place in Prussia would come home to our case . The king of that country being engaged in an expensive war , and not wishing or caring to square his expenditure by his means , notwithstanding all he gained by seizing on Po- 933 land , ( an action which , for atrocity , was not second even to our Danish expedition ) , had been placed in a situation of pecuniary embarrassment . Thus circumstanced , having no bank to fly to , Frederick was under the necessity of having recourse to a measure somewhat similar to that at present contemplated by the English government . There were two ways of making money pass for more than it was actually worth ; the one by raising its denomination , the other by debasing its standard . The latter was the expedient to which Frederick resorted . He debased the standard , and , by doing this , he presently extricated himself from many of his embarrassments , and was enabled to discharge many of his debts . So far all was very well . Things did not , however , continue long in this state of prosperity . By degrees , that which passed for a shilling , instead of appearing white , began to disclose some shades of grey . From grey it made a transition to brown , and last of ail the copper itself made its appearance . It was then found necessary to issue a proclamation to over-rule the opposition of the people , and make this base money a legal tender . The consequence was , in all future contracts , as the law of maximum was not introduced , the prices of all commodities were enhanced in proportion as the money was debased . Such would be the situation in