been a communication between the different loyalists , and a line of intelligence kept up for them to act together , it is impossible that it should have made any comparative progress ; but , for want of it , they all hastened to this country , because they could not understand what was going on . I hope that the committee will be allowed to enter into this business , fully convinced , that benefits will arise from it to both countries ; and I declare , that so long as I shall continue to have a seat in this House , or to have a residence on the face of the earth , the liberty of the press , and every thing connected with it , shall receive my strenuous support . said , —Sir , I feel it necessary to say only a few words on this subject , which is a sort of charge on my right hon . friend . The tax is laid upon advertisements , and the hon . gent . who brought the matter forward , tells the House that there is a certain description of persons who are peculiarly fond of reading advertisements , and therefore he concludes , that as the advertisements are lessened , the demand for the papers will be also diminished . What description of persons those are , who are advertisement readers , or who would be deterred from purchasing the papers , because there are not quite so many , it is difficult to understand ; it is not easy to 189 find out what sort of taste prevails among those who are so peculiarly fond of reading advertisements , and those long ones too . Then we are told , that it will be a restraint on the liberty of the press ; bat I would really advise gentlemen to reflect a little , before they make this charge . Now , I beg leave to ask , is it a fact that in consequence of this tax any one newspaper has been obliged to be put down ? Is there an allegation that any one person has been unable to carry on the trade on account of the diminution of advertisements or the advertisement readers ? We have not had an allegation of the kind . There are as many papers now as before for any thing we have heard , and we have been told that there are two more that have grown up , and the inference therefore is that there is a description of persons who do not like advertisements . I confess I should be among that description of readers who like to have all the information but rather more compressed , and if I had a choice I should indulge rather in advertisements of a short composition than where there was a good deal of letter-press of another kind . But if people wish to see the liberty of the press , surely they will find more food to satisfy their appetite in the other part than in the advertisements , and therefore , if it were put in an extravagant way it may be said to be rather an encouragement to liberty . There is no ground for any such exaggerated statement that we have entered into a conspiracy against the press in Ireland , and in order to carry this malicious design into execution we had laid a duty on all long advertisements , and that the Irish government had exercised their wits and ingenuity to keep it out of sight by setting up two new papers at much expence , in order to shew that the liberty of the press was not affected . These are the grave grounds stated to induce us to believe that the tax ought not to continue . If the number of newspapers continued , it would be a strong ground to shew that the liberty of the press has not been injured , but any gentleman who has had an opportunity of seeing the contents of the newspapers , will say that there never was a period at which