were they to leave Mr. Finnerty in such a precarious state of health as he then was , to the discretion of a man who seemed so capriciously and cruelly to have abused his trust ? He felt himself bound to entreat , from the right hon . Secretary , some distinct declaration upon this part of the subject , pledging himself to interpose his authority in the remedying what appeared to be a system of oppression . Another circumstance , not very satisfactorily explained , was the great lapse of time that had intervened between the time of the letter of the Secretary of State to the sheriff , and the receipt of the sheriff 's answer ; such delay might have been of fatal consequences in cases where the health of the individual aggrieved had more rapidly declined.—As far as the present question personally related to Mr. Finnerty , he confessed that he was one of those who did not think it the less deserving their attention on that account . He did not stand forward to defend Mr. Finnerty 's violation of the laws of his country , for which violation he was now making so severe an expiation ; but however culpable Mr. Finnerty had been , he could not forget that gentleman 's past life . At a very early age , when a mere boy , he began the world by turning the advantages of a good education into the means of honourable subsistence for himself and family ; it was his misfortune while yet a boy , to live in times when it was criminal to complain of oppression ; times which every honest and honourable mind must have witnessed with indignant regret ; times in which such a system of oppression and persecution was pursued , as must , if persisted in much longer , have ended in the ruin of the country—in such times , and under the impulse of those feelings which they were but too well calculated to excite in every ingenuous mind , did Mr. Fin- 732 nerty pass the limits of temperate discussion , and so bring down upon himself the weighty visitation of the law . To this offence Mr. Finnerty had been led by those sentiments which in periods more favourable to the cause of liberty , have distinguished the brightest characters in the history of this country . He had been in that instance , as well as in a subsequent one , right in principle , a rooted attachment to the cause of his oppressed country was that principle ; and it was a principle from which , however punishment might remotely flow , disgrace never could . In this country , as in his own , the same principle had led him into the commission of a similar offence . He had in both cases told the truth beyond the licence of the law , and in this case , as well as in the former , he suffered in the cause of his country , which was the cause of truth and justice . He thought it , therefore , extremely harsh that a man so suffering for telling the truth , unjustifiably should be classed with the greatest culprits and felons in the admeasurement of his punishment , at the insolent discretion of a gaoler . There was besides a circumstance in the sentence of the court on Mr. Finnerty , which must have operated with peculiar severity in his case . It was well known that Mr. Finnerty had been for many years employed in this great city in a way most flattering to his literary talents , and , he believed , as productive in point of emolument as it was honourable . What , then , must have been the sufferings of this unfortunate gentleman , not only to have been thrown into goal for eighteen months , but to be banished to so remote a distance as Lincoln , from the scene of his industry , and thus cut off from his literary connections , and perhaps the means of common subsistence ? Under all the