, both in church and state , than himself . He wished , nevertheless , to give a free currency to the investigation , and to see a great fabric of national strength , raised on the extension of antiquated prejudices . Union , he was persuaded was within our reach : uniformity was a hopeless pursuit , and , indeed unattainable . * stated that it had been his lot to spend about one half of was decidedly of opi- 409 nion that all the dissenters of the empire , Whether Scotch or Irish , were entitled to the full benefits of the constitution , as being equally interested with the Pro testant in its security and prosperity . What the Irish Catholics now asked for was a matter of right so unquestionable , that the only wonder was how it could have been so long denied them . With regard to the vain and futile prejudices which had been advanced against their claims , they had been long on the decline ; and as to certain objections which had been made upon the pretence of certain of their supposed religious tenets , they had been so clearly exposed and refuted by the hon . baronet ( six J. C. Hippesley ) , in his speech last year—a speech by the bye , in every respect superior to , and very different from , the hon . baronet 's speech of that night . That speech had so completely succeeded in removing all such errors and prejudices , that it would be presumptuous in him to attempt to dwell longer upon that part of the question—He then proceeded to shew the strong claims of the Catholics to the rights they now claimed from the services rendered by them to the empire at large , and more particularly in their military capacity . He did not hesitate to state that the great military successes of this country since the commencement of the war were chiefly to be attributed to Scotch and Irish valour . The mere English soldiery had the least share in it . He did not say this from any principle of invidious comparison : far from it : no man prized more the steadiness and valour of English troops than he did ; but it had so happened , that the opportunity fell most to the Irish and the Scotch . The early part of the campaign in Egypt was the work of an immortal hero , whose name was the pride of Scotland . The glorious termination of that campaign was reserved for his gallant and revered friend , lord Hutchinson , an Irishman ; and the work throughout the present campaign was chiefly begun and completed by Irish and Scotch . The men who had stormed Monte Video were Irish Catholics ; the men who had astonished the French at Maida were Irish Catholics ; the men who had most distinguished themselves at the battle of Vimiera were Irish Catholics ; in the hottest part of the battle of Busaço was a clear majority of Irish Catholics ; the 88th regiment , who had so admirably charged the enemy in that action , were to a man Irish Catholics ; 410 and in the battle of Barrosa , when that gallant and skilful officer , General Graham , led his troops to victory , need he remind the House what was done by the Irish Catholics upon that memorable day ? ( Hear , hear ! ) The 87 the to a man Irish Catholics ; the brave 87th , the Prince 's own Irish heroes— ( a laugh ) —he would repeat the title ; he was one who was not ashamed of being proud of that distinction— ( hear , hear ! ) —the Prince 's own Irish heroes ; gentlemen might laugh ; he wished they had been in the ranks of those Irish heroes on that glorious day , and then they would have seen the true way to be of use to their country— ( hear ! and a laugh ) —there they might have seen how those brave Irish