why that property which Was taxed while in English hands , should be exempt from taxation when transferred to hands of a foreigner ? No pledge to that effect had been given . When a foreigner came here , we protected him and his property too ; and when he went hence , he left us to defend his properly in his absence . Was it not then reasonable , that he should pay a something for this protection ? And as to what had been said of what might be advanced by our enemies on our taking such a step , could it be imagined that Buonaparté would calculate on our situation , from any regulation we might make which might add a few thousands to our annual revenues , when he knew that in the Peninsula we carried on the war at an 206 expence of not less than a million per month ? he , however , was willing to with draw his motion with an understanding that the subject would be again brought forward on a future day . He was confident the right hon . gent . must ultimately feel the justice of that which he would suggest ; and so long as he ( Mr. Howarth ) had a seat in that House , he would bring the business forward year after year , till redress was obtained . again called the attention of the House to the situation of Suitors in Chancery , He had brought forward their case twice already . In the first instance he motion had been negatived , on the ground of notice having been given of a motion on the subject elsewhere ; and in the present session , when he renewed his motion , it was met by the previous question , and he was told , it would be proper to wait till the result of the proceedings in a Committee of the Lords was made known . He was now told , that a something might shortly be expected from them in the shape of a Report ; this , however , he felt confident would not remedy the evil . He then proceeded to state the hardships experienced by Suitors in Chancery . He would propose that three commissioners or judges should be appointed to decide on their claims , which he thought ought not to be attached to the great seal . He concluded by moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the causes that retard the decision of suits in the high court of Chancery . '' thought , as the subject was postponed some time till the result of the inquiries making by the Lords was known , there was no reason for doing any thing now , as their report had not yet been published , and was expected shortly to appear . Under these circumstances he would move the previous question . spoke in favour of the original motion . thought it might be advisable to suspend their decision , and would , if permitted , move an adjournment for a week . The Chancellor of the Exchequer withdrew the previous question , and Mr. Lock-hart moved that the debate should be adjourned to Thursday . spoke in favour of the motion of his hon . friend , which he thought from the knowledge he had of the circumstance , did not deserve to be met either with the previous question , or by the motions for an adjournment . thought that all opinions should be reserved until the House was in possession of the plan itself , and that there would be an impropriety in going into the consideration of the evil , without a view to some remedy . said he saw no reason why the House should refuse going into a Committee , the evil being admitted upon all hands . agreed in the amendment ; and contended that they should wait the result of the inquiry which was known to be going forward in another place . observed , particularly with respect to the appellant jurisdiction , that it would be