sound of their voice , to stop the descent of a stone falling to the ground by its own gravity , if , however , it could not do what it was intended to do , it would still , he feared , do more than enough—it would have the effect of defrauding all those who had old leases—old mortgages and annuitants , of a great portion of their just rights ; they might defraud them , but still they could not stop depreciation—they could not prevent a tradesman from saying , you may have this article for a guinea , but if I am to book it , I will enter it at a higher price . There had been a great displeasure evinced by some , at instituting any comparison between Bank paper and assignats ; but for his party , as far as related to the principle of the question before them , he saw not the slightest difference . reprobated the comparison of Bank of England paper with French assignats . At one period there were no less than 130 millions sterling of assignats in circulation in France . The whole of the Bank of England notes at present in circulation in this country did not exceed twenty-three millions . What just comparison could therefore be made between the two descriptions of paper ? This language shewed to what a length the heat of 918 controversy would carry the best informed and best intentioned individuals . Honourable gentlemen ought to recollect , how-ever , that representations of the nature to which he had alluded were immediately spread through the country , and must necessarily produce impressions of the most unfavourable nature , both with respect to the present time , and to futurity . He spoke on this subject with great pain , because he differed upon it so materially from those hon . friends with whom he had usually the satisfaction of acting . He had differed from them in a similar manner on the Bullion question . But he confessed that he did not think he should do his duty unless he explained the reasons which would induce him to give the decided vote , which it was his intention to give in support of the present Bill . When this measure was first agitated , it appeared to him to be uncalled for , but he afterwards became persuaded of its absolute necessity . He really was not aware of the strength of the objections against it . What did the Bill propose to do ? With respect to the tenantry of the country , only that which no individual but lord King had abstained from doing , or had questioned the propriety of doing since the measure of 1797 . It was said to be unnecessary , because it was probable that no one would follow the noble lord 's example . This might be . But he for one would rather incur the charge of superabundant caution on such a subject ; be would rather pass a law which should never require to be put in force , than leave the country exposed to all the confusion and oppression which must ensue , if such a mistaken and mischievous example were by possibility to be followed . Again , he would ask , what was the Bill to do ? It was to declare that a guinea should not be taken for more than 21 , and a pound note for less than 20 shillings . Was not that the case at present ? In any shop were not a guinea , and a pound note , with a shilling , equivalent ? It his hon . friends would forget their theoretical opinions , they would be aware that this was the case . He had always found it so . He had sometimes to buy , and sometimes to sell ; in the former instance , he always procured its full value for a Bank of England note ; and in the latter instance , he was always glad to receive a pound note for twenty shillings . Some hon