before this 20 time turned his thoughts seriously to peace . He signed a treaty of peace with the duke of Savoy on the 29th of August 1696 , and made overtures to the oilier confederates , of which king William took notice in his speech on opening the parliament on the 20th of October . The preliminaries were agreed upon on the 10th of February 1696–7 , but without a suspension of hostilities . The negotiations continued all the winter and the following summer , and the peace of Ryswick was signed on the 20th of September 1697 . The effects of the approach of peace were soon observable in the rate of exchange . The remittances were made in April 1697 at 22 per cent , loss ; in July , at 13⅓ ; and in August and September , at 12½ . These rates are taken from the original minutes of the treasury , which I desired leave to consult , on account of some references made to them in a publication highly worthy of attention for its perspicuity and force of argument—I mean the `` Review of the Bullion Controversy . '' This simple statement seems to me sufficient to overthrow the learned gentleman 's Amendment ; but so much misapprehension has prevailed respecting this interesting part of our financial history , that it will not be without its use to look back a little further , and endeavour to trace the causes and progress of that degradation of the coin , which , at that time , occasioned so great an alarm , and was remedied , at so heavy an expence to the nation . In this retrospect we shall derive great assistance from the Journals of Parliament . As early as the 9th of April 1690 , a petition was presented to the House of Commons by the working goldsmiths of London , complaining of a great scarcity of silver , of large exportations of silver , and of the melting down of plate and silver money ( which was then the only legal tender ) , whereby ( as they state ) `` for six months past not only the petitioners in their trade , but the Mint itself hath been stopped from coining . '' This Petition was referred to a Committee , who reported , `` that the complaints of the petitioners were very just , and the inconveniences to the kingdom very great , but that they could not agree of a way for preventing the same , and recommended the subject to the further consideration of the House . '' * Printed for J. Budd , Pall Mall . 21 On the 17th of November 1690 , a bill for discouraging the exportation of bullion , and encouraging the importation thereof , and converting the same into the coin of this realm , '' passed the House of Commons , but appears to have been lost in the House of Lords . The evil continued to increase , and encouraged a practice which so early as the reign of Henry the Fifth , and afterwards in that of Queen Elizabeth , had been prohibited under the penalties of high treason—the practice of clipping the silver coin . It must be recollected , that the only legal lender in the time of king William , was in silver coin , and that this coin was of two kinds , milled and hammered money . The milled money , of which a few beautiful specimens had been struck under the Commonwealth , was first made current in 1663 . But the largest proportion of the coin in circulation before the recoinage in 1696 , consisted of hammered money very broad and thin . From this sort of coin it was easy to cut off a circle round the edge , and the remainder containing the stamp passed current as readily as before it was thus diminished . To so great an extent was this practice carried , that Davenant estimates the clippings , thus procured and exported , as equal to one fourth of the total amount of our silver