a state trick , aided by the King , with an abominable combination of pains and penalties . It has been said , that the disqualifying 383 oath is a fundamental law of the land . There are , I will allow , laws which are fundamental ; liberty is one of the fundamental principles of our nature ; and the laws which support these fundamental principles must be fundamental laws . The Declaration of Rights , for example , is a fundamental law ; but the laws which deprive the Catholics of their liberty are not fundamental . In this way you would have two sorts of fundamental laws ; you would have the laws which support and maintain you in the possession of your own privileges , and the laws which consign the privileges of the Catholics to damnation ; as if the liberties of 10,000,000 of men could only be secured by making 4,000,000 the enemy of that 10,000,000 . We must always rememember that , to endear a constitutitution to a people , it must not be unjust towards them ; and that if a people are interested in a constitution , the more likely is that constitution to be lasting . What are the terms of this oath ? It declares that mass is to be held in abhorrence , and that it is an idolatry ; that is to say , that all those Catholic nations who have been your allies are idolators ; —that the Prince Regent of Portugal , whom you are bound to establish on his throne , is an idolator : —the emperor of Austria is an idolator ; —the king of the two Sicilies is an idolator ; —that the people of Portugal , to whom you formerly voted one million , and lately two millions , are idolators ; —that the Spaniards , your own fellow subjects of Canada , and four-fifths of your fellow subjects of Ireland , are all idolators . Thus the qalification of an English gentleman to serve in parliament is a libel on his allies , and a libel on his fellow subjects . It is not easy indeed in all cases to draw the line of distinction , and say what laws are not fundamental , and what laws are ; but here there is no occasion ; for here are laws which you yourselves have declared not to be fundamental , but to be provisory . In the Union with Scotland , you expressly `` ay that this is subject to the discretion of parliament , you say , `` untill the parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide . '' Such is the language on this subject , in the 22d section of the Scotch Union , and the 14th of the Irish Union . These laws , therefore , are only provisory , and not fundamental ; you have declared it repeatedly ; and you have thus abandoned the great argument 384 against the admissibility of the Catholics . By the Union , the declaration of right did not exclude for ever the Catholics ; that declaration which signifies this is subject to a future provision . Who are the parties to these Unions ? —The King and the parliaments . What now becomes of the King 's coronation oath ? When I bring up to your table , then , a Petition , loaded with the multitude of signatures which this on your table contains , let it not be said that the declaration is against them , which the parliament of England and the parliament of Scotland , which the parliament of Britain and the parliament of Ireland have declared to be no part of the fundamental laws of the land . Why was this clause introduced into the Irish Union ? It was introduced for the sake of facilitating the Union ; it herd out to the Catholics a possibility of the removal of their disabilities in the strongest terms ; and it made the King a witness that nothing stood in the way of that removal , that it was a subject free to