him , by the warehousing Bill . This alarm attempted to be excited against the Irish distiller was quite in conformity with the old spirit of monopoly which had so strongly characterised Great Britain in her commercial dealings with all the world , to which Ireland had been for centuries exposed , and under which she had suffered the most cruel persecution . The smallest extension of trade was at all periods with the utmost difficulty , and after the severest struggles , obtained for Ireland . Her internal manufactures were studiously discouraged , a direct trade to any of the colonies or the rest of the world interdicted under the heaviest penalties . It was about 113 years since king William declared to the English House of Commons `` I shall do all that lies in me to discourage the woollen manufactures of Ireland . '' Nay , so late as 1778 the table of the House of Commons was covered with petitions against a miserabe indulgence to Ireland of a direct trade in glass and hardware with the coast of Africa ; and at this period , the cities of Glasgow , Liverpool and Manchester carried their magnanimity and patriotism to such a length , as even to threaten rebellion should these indulgences he allowed to Ireland . Even now Great Britain would thankfully receive in her necessity the raw material , the corn from Ireland—while she would illiberally at-tempt to exclude spirit , the manufacture from that raw material ! A free trade upon no duties , or equal duties , was the principle of the Union . This principle had been effected with a vengeance as against Ireland ; but when she required 633 the same principle to be acted upon as against Scotland , her trade was interdicted , and the Union violated . Admitting , how-ever , that the Irish distiller did reap some advantages from the spirit trade of Ireland with this country , was he therefore to be deprived of the trade itself ? If so , would they restore to his country all that she had lost by the degrading and abominable measure of Union ? [ Here the hon . gent . was interrupted by cries of—Order , order ! Chair , chair ! ] . The hon . member will do well to recollect , that such is not the language which it becomes this House to hear , or him to use , in speaking of a grave and solemn act of Parliament . Sir , I trust I am incapable of using language unworthy this place or myself . In saying what I have said , I have obeyed the dictate of feelings of which I am not ashamed ; and while I know them to be just , I know not why I am to suffer the expression of them to be dictated to me . [ Here the cries of—Order , order ! Chair , chair ! became louder and more general . ] . The hon . member will be pleased to see the necessity of conforming to the usages of this House , in the expression of his opinions . . To conform to the `` sages of this House I am in every way disposed ; but my first right as a member of it is , what I shall never willingly re-sign— ( Order , order ! ) —If privilege of speech be not the right of every member of this House , I know not what is—I have always thought it to be the right of every member of this House , what he feels honestly , to declare boldly—my feelings with respect to that measure of Union , have been strong and uniform . When it was first proposed , I foresaw in it danger to this country , in the danger , the degradation , and the ruin of my own—and as a common friend to both , I resisted it by every means within my power ; and am I now to be denied the melancholy privilege of deploring the humiliating state to which that measure has