in a cause which equally menaces both countries ? Has the sense of a common religion , and an explanation of the perils that awaited this Protestant country , had any effect in preventing Protestant Prussia from siding with the enemy against us ? Did the faith of Denmark prevent the attack on Copenhagen ? It is admitted on all sides that the Catholics have demonstrated their allegiance in as strong a manner as the willing expenditure of blood and treasure can evince . And remember that the French go not near so far in their defence of Catholicism as you in your hatred of it in your own subjects , and your reverence for it in your allies . They have not scrupled to pull down the antient fabrics of superstition in the countries subjected to their arms . Upon a review of these facts , I am justified in assuming , that there is nothing inherent in Catholicism to disqualify a nation for making laws ; and for a proof I appeal to your ancestors—that there is nothing in it to create a connection with the enemy , and for that I appeal to our allies ; and , founded upon these two propositions , I shall maintain a third , that Irish Catholics have the same right as other dissenters to any privileges possessed by any other body of subjects . Undoubtedly the law makes no difference as to the great offices of state or seats in parliament ; but I must contend , that whatever rights any other dissenters enjoy , the Catholics are fully entitled to . Those who deny this position are bound to shew that the Catholics are disaffected , or in a state to incapacitate them for the legislative functions . It may be said , that to repeal the penal laws , would be to endanger the religious establishment in Ireland . I do not believe the church is in any danger , but if it is , I am sure that we are in a wrong way to secure it . If our laws will battle against Providence , there can be no doubt of the issue of the conflict between the ordinances of God and the decrees of man . It is a bad way of support the establishment by disqualification , and the law of conquest . To act upon such a principle , is to act against the laws by which God governs mankind . But the laws of God will triumph , and the policy of man must fail . It would be as fruitless to pray to the Al- 378 mighty to destroy or eradicate the passions of mankind , in order to make such a system practicable , as to expect by an application by prayer to alter the laws of nature . It would be to call upon God to change the system of Providence , by which he rules the world , in order to subvert the principles and the ends of his own eternal justice . Let us suppose an extreme case , but applicable to the present point . Suppose the Thames were to inundate its banks , and suddenly swelling , enter this House during our deliberations ( an event which I greatly deprecate from my private friendship with many members who might happen to be present , and my sense of the great exertions which many of them have made for the public interest ) , and a motion of adjournment being made should be opposed , and an address to Providence moved , that it would be graciously pleased to turn back the overflow , and direct the waters into another channel . This , it will he said , would be absurd ; but consider whether you are acting upon a principle of greater intrinsic wisdom , when , after provoking the resentments , you arm and martialize the ambition of men , under the vain assurance , that Providence will work a miracle in the constitution of human nature , and dispose it to re-pay injustice with affection , oppression with cordial support . This