is still more perfect ; because the Bank has frequently been 17 obliged to purchase foreign gold for coinage at prices considerably exceeding the Mint price , when light guineas could not be procured , which they always can be when the general price of gold does not materially exceed that of the Mint . I have thus shewn , that in the former period alluded to in the learned gentleman 's Amendment , namely from 1696 to 1756 , the fact is completely at variance with the assertions of the Amendment in both its branches , as well as with the theories of the Committee . Nor is the Amendment better founded with respect to the latter period , from 1774 to 1797 . I am far from denying that the reformation of the gold coin which took place about the year 1774 , might have a tendency to raise the exchange ; but , it must be remembered , that this was a season of peace , and that the exchange Blight have become favourable from causes merely commercial . But it does not appear from the accounts , that any such effect took place . The recoinage which commenced in 1773 was not completed till 1777 , and the exchange with Hamburgh , which , in the year 1773 , previously to the new regulations respecting the coin , varied from 34-.6 to 35 , was , in the year 1777 , from 33.2 to 32.1 , being not a rise , as by the theory it should have been , but a depression of about seven per cent . This was , however , a season of peace , and it could not be expected , that the exchange could be depressed to any great degree , or for any long continuance , except in the case of scarcity . But towards the end of the American war , from the year 1780 till some time after the restoration of peace , the exchange with Hamburgh continued from five to eight per cent , against England , though the expence of sending specie to Hamburgh could not have been more than about three per cent . At the same time the price of foreign gold rose about six per cent , and that of silver bullion no less than eighteen per cent , above the Mint price . It is stated in the Amendment , that the price of standard gold in bars did not exceed the Mint price in any one year of the American war . Whether the learned gent , means one whole year or not , does not appear ; but even in this sense , his Amendment is erroneous , as it exceeded that rate from May 1783 to May 1784 . But the price of foreign gold exceeded the 18 Mint price for three whole years , from April 1781 to April 1784 , and exceeded 4l per ounce , from July 1782 , to September 1783 . These returns do not , however , give a complete view of the case , for it is a common practice in making up the price-lists , to continue the last price when few or no sales appear to have taken place ; so that , when a scarcity of bullion exists , the prices returned in the lists are often nominal rather than real . And this is particularly the case with respect to the standard bullion produced from light guineas , which can not legally be exported , and which the Bank is always ready to purchase at the Mint price , or very near it ; for which reason , the price of foreign gold is usually a fairer criterion of the real state of the market . And it is evident , from other circumstances , how great the scarcity of gold bullion must have been at that time . It was even proved before the Committees in 1797 , that the treasure in the Bank was then reduced considerably lower than it was when the restriction on cash payments was imposed . In 1780 , the Mint