of paper into gold.—With regard to another point , the carrying on of the present war , it had been triumphantly observed by a noble secretary of state , that it was impossible to carry on the war on the peninsula without a continuance of the present system ; that every man who wished to overturn that system , was an enemy to the prosecution of the war in the peninsula ; and that every man who supported the system was friendly to the war . He , for one , thought the contest in the peninsula one which ought to be continued as long as it was possible to continue it consistently with the safety and honour of the country . We were called on by every principle of honour to prosecute the contest ; but though this was his opinion , he could not subscribe to the other opinion , which he professed he did not understand , that the suspension of cash payments was necessary for the prosecution of the war . If this was a necessary part of our policy , it would in itself constitute an objection to that war ; but he did not understand how it could at all be understood as such . He knew no way by which the keeping up the depreciation of the currency of the country could support the war but by the defrauding of the public creditor . He could understand well enough the policy of issuing Assignats . He recollected being told by one well versed in that matter , long before the great depreciation , that they would serve their turn—that they would pay their armies in the mean time . But he would ask , if this was what ministers understood by supporting the war ? Here was first a declaration of , ' I am a most honest man ! , and then a turning round , and recommending that system of legislation which will make the creditor not worth one farthing . Was that the assistance which was wanted ? He had heard of facilities in the raising of money ; but they had never been explained sufficiently to him , and he could not but perceive that what they gained on the one hand , they more than lost on the other , by the additional expence of these expeditions to the continent.—His lordship then went into a plan of his own , as a remedy to the evil , which 873 he meant to propose in the way of a rider to the Bill . He understood the great evil would consist in the certain inconveniences attending immediate payment ; but he was convinced the bank proprietors and stockholders had a clear interest in maintaining the present state of things , and that , therefore , if they were to fix a particular period , two years or ten years for the resumption of cash payments , it would be a mere brutum fulmen , and the same difficulties would then remain to be got over , which subsisted at present . He knew no way , therefore , of effecting this object , but by making it the interest of the bank themselves to agree to the resumption . He wished to prevent the Bank from deriving any profit from their issues of tokens and dollars . He thought it was but fair that they should derive no additional profit from that state of things . He did not , however , wish to take from the Bank the profits which they should make , or to interfere with private bankers in their concerns ; but if they had been protected so long by us , it Was but fair that they should nut be permitted to divide the additional profits taken under that protection . The Rider he meant to propose , to be added to the Bill was this : `` Provided always , That as long as this act continues in force , and until the act or acts suspending payments in cash , at the Bank of England , shall expire or be repealed ,