the people at large . Here he did not sec a sufficient case made out to induce a departure from that principle . The period of the session , when most of the members had left town , and when such an important proposition could not be adequately discussed , was also a most serious objection . As to the particular case alluded to by the noble earl , he understood it was not only as was stated by him , but that the alternative of receiving the Bank paper only at a depreciated state , was made a positive condition ! That the rents should be paid either in British or foreign coin , or in depreciated Bank paper ! But he should repeat his firm belief , that such an intention , even if acted upon , would induce no other person so to act ; the example would not be folowed . He was aware of the injustice of such a procedure under the circumstances , but he had no apprehension as to the prevalence of such an example , and on the grounds he had already stated , no necessity existing—no adequate case was made out , for such an important act of legislative interposition . He felt it his duty , should the noble earl move for the second reading of the Bill , to move , That it be 766 read a second time on that day three months . said that , with respect to the case of the noble lord , who , it was said , insisted upon payment of his present rents in specie , he would call to the recollection of the House , that some months since he had positively stated that such a practice obtained in Ireland ; and since that period numerous were the anonymous letters he had received , informing him that various instances of the kind occurred in that country . He was not decided as to the propriety of pressing such a Bill at this period of the session . It should be printed , and an opportunity of general consideration afforded as to the nature of the remedy proposed . A mode of proceeding which the noble secretary of state admitted to be the best , under the present circumstances . He must oppose the principle that it was preferable to rely on the discretion of individuals in a concern of such vital importance , than on a positive law of the land . It was not to the conduct of individuals , but to the protection of parliament that the people should lock ; and it was incumbent on the legislature to take the subject into its most serious consideration , at the earliest proper opportunity . observed , that what had been just stated by the noble lord did not apply to the South of Ireland , as there was not any instance in that part . ; of the country of a landlord making such a demand . said , he had not alluded to the South but to the North of Ireland . was anxious to know what part of the North of Ireland , as in the province of Ulster Bank notes were refused to be taken as early as the passing of the Bank restriction bill ; and as they came gradually into circulation , they were taken in payment in many in stances at a discount , but that practice was rapidly declining . was aware of the practice to which the noble lord alluded , but he also knew an instance , which he had formerly stated , where a landlord called upon his tenants to pay in gold , and the latter having represented to the steward the impossibility of procuring gold , they were each told that there were 100 guineas at a chandler 's shop in the neighbourhood which might be purchased ; and it was a fact , that with those 767 100 guineas , passing from one to another , a rent of 7,000l . was actually paid . was very desirous of knowing who the party was to