measure which had occupied much of his attention ; but that he had built his proposition principally on the individual information afforded him . It would have behoved the noble lord , however , to have said from whom he did receive this individual information . He desired it to be recollected , that it was not the case of one or two individuals , which could produce the evils against which his noble friend wished to provide by this Bill . The present Bill went to hold , not that Bank notes are to be held in equal estimation , but that they are in equal estimation with guineas . If such should be the effect of the act , then would the case of every man be equal ; but if , on the other hand , one man chose to pay and to receive in payment Bank notes as equal to specie , and another not to esteem them in that light , then it followed that bank notes and guineas were of different values . His noble friend seemed to think that things might differ in their value , from there being a greater or smaller demand for them . He conceived the value to be made up both of demand and of price . It was by both that the value of articles was created . He should be ashamed almost to argue the question if it were not with a person of his noble friend 's discerning faculties . What did the value of any thing consist in , but in the estimation of mankind and in the difficulty of supply ? There attached all the difficulty ; namely , in the difference between the value of gold and paper . An emperor was not possessed of power enough to introduce a single word into a language ; much less could the House of Common '' expect to introduce paper into the market as bearing a mercantile price . If this was not so , how could a court of equity affect that which no artifice could change ; make a man take less than the value for money . This was an idea which did not exist in the year 1797 . Then , there was no difference of value between gold and paper currency , and the circumstances did not then truly apply . He warned noble lords , against the consequences likely to result , from the forcing of such a measure as the present . The consequences resulting from such a measure always did revert with the greater force on the projectors of it , in proportion to the strength with which they wished to protect it . So their lord-ships would find that the moment they gave this artificial eminence to Bank paper , the more they debased it below the 863 level it would otherwise naturally hold . That was the natural consequence to be expected ; and the next step of his noble friend , if the present Bill should pass into a law , must be to prepare some measure which should have the effect of steeling the public mind against a still greater depreciation of the paper currency of the country . The natural effect of this Bill would be , that when commodities were brought to the market , they would be sold , if gold was given in payment for them , and would be withheld if any other species of payment was offered . Would not persons holding out their commodities for sale propose them to be sold at a smaller price , if to be paid for in guineas ; and at a larger price , if to be paid for in Bank notes ? His lordship was not prepared to pass a law , declaring that there should be a money price , and a paper price in this country as between man and man . But this , he was satisfied , must be the effect of passing the present Bill . said he had been misunderstood by his noble friend as to his idea of value arising from