with his tirade . At such a moment did he tell the American government not only that their interests , but that their honour , had been injured by Great Britain . At such a moment did he attempt to give an impression of the negociation which had taken place , of such a nature as might be fatal to the negotiation which was still carrying on . With respect to the hon . gentleman 's observations on the different parts of the correspondence , the present was not the period for commenting upon them . When the negociation should be terminated , that would be the time for discussing its merits , and not while it was pending . Indeed , those observations might well have been spared . Thinking , as he did , that the 721 whole of the existing evils of the country arose out of the commercial policy of the British government , the hon . gent . had a right to avow that opinion ; but at the present critical juncture , when the hon . gent . himself had admitted that no parliamentary proceeding could immediately follow his motion , he was not justified in making remarks , the tendency of which could at least not be beneficial . With respect to that portion of the hon . gentleman 's speech , in which he declared his opinion , that the existing evils grew out of the commercial policy of the British government , did the hon . gent . consider that there was at least considerable doubt , whether , had this country not pursued the system which had been adopted , her trade would not have suffered as complete an exclusion from the continent as at present ? In that case , the same pressure would have been endured by this country , as she sustained under the existing circumstances , with this aggravating consideration , that the enemy was suffering no inconvenience whatever , but that from the advantage of neutral carriage he was relieved from the pressure which he endured at the present moment , a pressure which he contended , was infinitely greater than that sustained by Great Britain , and which he was satisfied could not much longer be endured by the enemy . He urged this the more Strongly , because he did not wish those unfortunate individuals who were suffering in this country from the suspension of commerce , to be impressed by the hon . gentleman 's speech with the notion that their evils were attributable to their own government alone ; that there was nothing in the conduct of France which had a tendency to occasion those evils ; but that their own government were the real and sole enemies of their interests , Did the hon . gent . consider `` the effects of such a representation on the minds of the sufferers The hon . gent . had alluded to a misrepresentation of what he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had said on a former night , and had dwelt on the alacrity with which the observation had been interpreted , as holding out the prospect of an accommodation between Great Britain and Russia . Certainly he had held out no inch expectation . What he had stated was simply , that , in the present aspect of affairs in the north of Europe , it would be impossible for Buonaparteé to make those exertions in Spain and Portugal to which be might otherwise be equal , as it might 722 be dangerous for him to send all his force thither , leaving the other quarter without an adequate guard . This was the extent of his statement . The hon . gent . reproached him for the favourable description , which , on a former occasion , he had been enabled to give of the finances of the country . How was this reproach founded ? Would he have been justified , because there existed considerable distress among the manufacturers , in stating the receipts of the Exchequer at an amount less than that to which they had