the charge made for doing that act ( which must be done before the prizes could be sold , ) was 3,767 crowns ; but on a severe remonstrance from Captain Brenton , the Judge deducted 3,504 crowns , and was glad to accept 263 crowns , instead of 3,767 , rather than have a noise made about it in England . He could assure the House , the subject was well worthy their attention ; and if the Lords of the Admiralty knew all the circumstances , he was confident that , instead of opposing , they would support his motion . He meant to accuse the Judge , the Marshal , and the Register of the Court , with abuse of their offices , and concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before this House , 1 . Copy of the Commission or Appointment of Dr. Sewell to officiate as Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court of Malta . 2 . Copy of the Commission or Appointment of Mr. John Jackson to the office of Marshal of the said Court . 3 . List of the Proctors officiating in the said Court , with the dates of their admission . 4 . Copy of the Appointment of Mr. Locker to execute the office of Register of the said Court . 5 . Copies of the several deputations given by the Register and the Marshal of the said Court to their respective deputies to the end of February last ; together with the notifications of those appointments to the High Court of Admiralty , or the Board of Admiralty , with the reasons assigned for such nominations or appointments . 6 . Copies of any representations made to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty regarding the incompatibility of the situations of Proctor and Marshal united at Malta in the person of Mr. Jackson , and the consequent correspondence with the Court of Admiralty , or the Judge of the Court of Admiralty , on that subject . 7 . Copy of any 467 Table of Fees established by his Majesty in Council , and furnished to the Courts of Vice Admiralty under the Act of 45 Geo . 3 , c. 72 , or any other Act of Parliament . 8 . Copy of the Table of Fees by which the charges were made on the suitors in the Court at Malta . 9 . Copy of the Authority by virtue of which the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts are empowered to alter or amend the Table aforesaid , or to make any other Table of Fees , to regulate the charges incurred by the suitors in that Court . 10 . Copies of Official Demands made , or Official Correspondence which has taken place , between the Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court at Gibraltar , or at Malta , with the High Court of Admiralty , or with the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty , requiring or regarding a Table of Fees to be sent for the guidance of those Courts , or either of them . 11 . List of the number of vessels that have been prosecuted in the Court of Vice Admiralty at Malta , and which have been liberated on payment of costs and damages or otherwise . 12 . Copies of the Appointments which Wood , esq . late Secretary to lord viscount Castlereagh , holds in the Island of Malta . '' said , that he did not mean to object to the production of the greater part of the papers moved for by the noble lord . His motion seemed to charge with extortion the persons connected with the Admiralty Court of Malta ; and certainly The prima facie appeared to justify it , and some reform might be necessary in some of the departments , which induced him to acquiesce in the general features of the noble lord 's motion ; but some difficulty might exist in the production of one or two of the papers he moved for , as they possibly implicated some private correspondence , which it would be improper to