obliged to resort to others which condemned our goods to be burnt , in order to get rid of them—those very goods which we had the means of getting into Europe in spite of all his tyranny and vigilance . He believed , indeed , there never was a proceeding which rendered more detestable the despotism of the ruler of France , than that of the above result , flowing altogether from our Orders in , Council . With regard to what had fallen from the hon . gent . as to our commerce with America , he believed that no man in this country ever seriously believed the Milan and Berlin decrees were absolutely repealed . It was true they had been repealed prospectively and conditionally ; that was to say , either when Great Britain should give up her orders in council , and also her blockade , which was stated to be a novelty . If we should consent to give , up these , and all the maritime rights on which our present power was founded , then they were to be repealed ; or , if we 453 refused to give up our maritime rights , and America should take up arms against us , then they were to stand repealed as to America , but not as to us . Could any man suppose that this country would bear such an idea , or that it would endure any set of ministers who could countenance such degrading proceeding upon such bare and doubtful evidence ! The manner in which the intelligence had been brought to us was not to be depended on ; it came in such a questionable shape , as would by no means warrant us in repealing our Orders in Council . He hoped the House would not think it necessary that he should answer as to the particular applications made to lord Bathurst or lord Wellesley , or the answers returned ; but he knew very well that his Majesty 's ministers had never any wish to delay rescinding the Orders in Council , whenever they could be fairly satisfied that the Milan and Berlin decrees had been actually repealed . The hon . gentleman had asked whether he would agree to lay before the House such papers relative to the dispute with America as had not been published by the American government . To this he would answer , that if the hon . gent . had not the whole of them in his possession , he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) would not consent to produce one , because , in the present state of the negotiation , nothing perhaps might turn out more injurious to the interests of both parties.—The hon . gent . had in the next place proceeded to the state of the Peninsula . On this head the Chancellor of the Exchequer said he gave him credit for a candid retraction of a former opinion ; and the praises he bestowed on lord Wellington were highly honourable to his feelings . He could not , however , help thinking , that when the hon . gent . once took , up any gloomy view in the prospective , he was not able easily to get rid of it , or to suffer it to brighten on his vision . Last year the hon . gent . wished every man we had in the Peninsula were at home ; and now , after all our late brilliant successes , the hon . gent . had again his doubts as to the final issue of our efforts there . For his own part , he certainly could not venture to predict what would be the ultimate fate of our army in the Peninsula ; but our prospects were , in his mind , much better now than they were when the hon . gent last year looked on them with so desponding an eye . He might perhaps from the commencement of our inter- 454 ference have entertained more sanguine hopes of success than many other , but still he thought , as we