be debated , that there was no coronation oath against it , nor any fundamental law of the land . I appeal to the candour of the House , if this is not a fair construction of the meaning of this clause . I appeal to the common sense and integrity of the nation . I appeal to that old English honour which has , as it were , dove-tailed itself into your constitution . I propose to you a measure which will give you safety , and make your enemies weak . Will you not adopt it ? What would you say to a regiment , which in the hour of danger would refuse to march with another , because it happened to be a Catholic regiment ? You are exactly in the same situation . The government may tell you , you can wait . Yes , God Almighty may wait , but will the enemy wait ? I now tell you , unless you tolerate each other , you must tolerate a conqueror . You will be enslaved and plundered , for confiscation will surely follow in the train of conquest . Thus , your property will go to other hands , and you will be a ruined nation—ruined by your own folly . I know you are a very grave , a very , very wise people ; but here on this one point , the very point of your vitality , you are stupid ; stripped by bigotry of every sense , and you must certainly at one stroke be crushed . I have often wished that some guardian angel would descend , and raise those sectaries from the plane of this world , above the little Babel of their own dissentions , and shew them the cala- 385 mities which were approaching ; shew them ruin visible ; shew them France , or rather hostile Europe , arrayed against them ; and then say , `` If you join , you may live ; but divided , the destruction must be universal , '' Amidst all this discussion and dispute about tests , there is one test which has missed the wisdom of the wise , which the politician has not discovered , and which the divine in his heavenly folly has also overlooked , but which has been discovered by the common man , and that is , that you must allow every man to follow his own religion , without restriction and without limitation . Catholicism and allegiance are compatible with one another . The Catholics constitute a great proportion of your armies—a great proportion of your marine force are Catholics—you continue to recruit your forces with Catholics . A statement has been furnished of the proportion between the Protestant and Catholic part of the forces quartered in the Isle of Wight and of the crews of several ships at Portsmouth , and the Catholics were by far the greatest proportion . I do not say that the number of each persuasion amount to exactly what has been there stated ; but I say that in a view of our maritime and land forces , the number of Irish Catholics are such as to be enough to turn the scale of empire . They have enabled you to vanquish those French , for a supposed attachment to whom you disqualify the Irish Catholics . The Russian , the Austrian , and the Prussian armies fled before the armies of France . Neither the insensibility of the Russian soldier , nor the skilful evolutions of the Prussian , availed them in the day of battle ; they all fled before the French armies ; so that with her collected force she gave a final stroke to the liberties of Europe . Whatever remained of the glory of Europe fell at the feet of France . In the last contest with Austria , feats of courage were displayed by the Austrians such as could be equalled by nothing but the courage that conquered them , and yet the armies of Austria were in a short time shattered by the armies of France . And