given rise to this Bill , had not written a book on the subject , he never would have thought of distraining . The present Act , he believed , did no more than what was just and proper under the present circumstances . He hoped yet to see the day when the difficulty would be done away , and the Bank enabled to resume payments in cash but that must be under different circumstances . He could not risk the measure of fixing a time for the resumption and altering the system in our actual situation . But even the disappearance of gold was a proof of the great credit of the country . In other countries they must have gold because the public credit was small . Upon the whole , he thought it too perilous to alter the system at present , when the fate , not only of this country , but of Europe and mankind was at stake . was convinced the bill proceeded on the erroneous notion held out by a noble lord in another place , that any thing would answer for a measure of value as well as gold . But what rendered gold peculiarly fit to be a measure of value , was its intrinsic value in exchange among all nations , and to pretend by any act of parliament to make a thing of no intrinsic value , equally acceptable 1097 with gold , or paper convertible into gold , was one of the vainest notions that ever entered into the head of man . The mischief did not arise from lord King , but from the excessive issue of paper . Bank notes had been issued , not according to the wants of commerce , but the wants of government . This bill would be no relief . There could be no remedy while the present lavish expenditure was continued , because the bank could not diminish its issues . Gold could not be kept in the country in such a state of things—and if it could , it would be of no use , for it would only operate like so much additional paper . It was a good enough argument , certainly , that the landlord should be deprived of the power of seizure in the first instance ; but the bill went to interfere with private property , and to violate all contracts , while it must be perfectly nugatory as an expedient to arrest the depreciation . But his chief object in rising , was to say a few words with regard to the case of lord King . That noble lord had , from the beginning , ability and integrity enough to endeavour to point out the mischief which would result from this system , and to attempt to stop its progress . Seeing no end , however , to the destructive course pursued by the government , he thought himself justified in saving his own property , which he had derived from no large salaries nor public plunder of any kind . The government now , however , was resolved to take the management of his estate out of his hands , and therefore supported this bill . With regard to the assertions of the bank directors , that they had but a small interest in the bank , he was sorry for it ; he had rather their , whole property had been in the bank . Their command of money from their situation , would give them a very undue influence over whatever other concerns they might be engaged in . His suspicions of them , therefore , were rather increased than diminished . The government and the bank had now become partners—the ministers accommodated the merchants with exchequer bills , and the merchants accommodated the government with loans , so that among them the whole had been converted into accommodation paper . The hon . baronet then ridiculed the notion of the treasurer of the navy , that the loss of our gold proceeded from the state of our commerce , of the exchanges , and of the continent .