. had regarded the general objects of our foreign policy , he did not think the House would be well advised if they were to adopt the Address of the hon . gent. , or endeavour to stimulate government beyond that temperate and cautious , but firm and energetic system of exertion on which they had hitherto acted , for which reason he must oppose the motion . in reply stated , that he did not propose this motion for the purpose of calling forth any explanation from ministers of their plan of proceeding , but merely to point out , that they were pursuing a plan in the Peninsula , that would tend to the ruin of this country . He felt it therefore his duty to protest against the manner they were carrying on that contest , without comparing the present ministers to former ministers , or giving any offence to the right hon . gent . and his colleagues . Ha was still convinced that our victories would lead to nothing , however much he united in sentiments that had been slated that night in favour of lord Wellington , who , whether he had been so successful or not , was fully entitled to the confidence of the country . If they suffered the French to collect a force , and not speedily meet them now , all the talent '' of lord Wellington , and the bravery of British troops , might be in vain called forth to prevent us being driven out of the Peninsula . on rising , declared , that if he thought there was any prospect of obtaining a fuller attendance at this period of the session , for the consideration of the motion of which had given notice , he would cheerfully consent to delay it . But when no such expectation was likely to be realized , it was not from any desire to interfere with the recent regulations of the House , that he must persevere in bringing the subject immediately under discussion . It would be recollected that he had enquired of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer early in the session whether it was his intention to introduce any clause into the Regency Bill for the purpose of making a provision in 549 the eventual recurrence of his Majesty 's disorder . On learning that he had no such intention he had then declared , that before the conclusion of the cession he would call the attention of the House to the state of the kingdom in reference to this subject . It was indeed a subject , in his estimation , of primary importance . After his Majesty 's numerous and protracted indispositions ; after instances of the royal illness having been concealed from the nation , and after looking back , at the same time , to those periods of our history , when the incapacity of the sovereign had led to intestine discord and commotions , he did think it was the duty of ministers to have proposed some measure which might guard our future history from the recurrence of similar disasters . He did think that it was their duty to have fixed a precedent , by referring to which that agitation of the public mind , and those feelings of party animosity which were always excited on these unfortunate occasions , might be in future avoided . In contemplating the situation of the country and reflecting on what that situation might be in a particular case , which although not probable , might still , in the course of human events , take place , he meant the death of the prince of Wales , the immediate heiress would be a minor , and the next heir , his royal highness the Commander in Chief , would be at the head of the army . ( Hear ! ) He had no doubt whatever , and he was sure no person would suspect him of entertaining a doubt of the loyalty and allegiance of that illustrious person to those who were in precedence to himself in the order