gave of their assets , a certain proportion was said to consist in bullion and specie , and another proportion in discounts and exchequer-bills ; but they took care to make such a return on this last particular , as to leave the public in the dark as to the proportion between the discounts and the part invested in government securities . The truth was , that the Bank was neither more nor less than the vehicle through which the government of the country circulated their own paper.—How did he know , too , who was solvent at present ? The country had been placed in such jeopardy by the measures of the right hon . gent. , that no man knew at present who was solvent and who was not solvent . The Bank of England had the price of most of the government securities in their own hands ; and he would take as an instance to prove this , the bills which had been issued the other day by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the relief of the manufacturers , which were materially affected by the Bank coming forward to purchase.—Reverting to the subject of a legal tender , he would ask , if it was possible to compel butchers and bakers , for example , to take the Bank-notes at more than their real value ? This could never be . They would persist in making a distinction between that which bore a value in every part of the world , and that which was tainted from the beginning . He could not see how the Bill could be a remedy for similar cases to those of De Yonge ; far it was impossible to enact heavier penalties against the exportation of coin than the present laws ; and yet it was impossible to take up a newspaper without hearing of `` what were termed shiploads of guineas ex-ported , which had eluded the dexterity of government . He had been told the other day by a gentleman lately returned from 900 France , that he had seen 1500 guineas taken out from a quarter of an ox , which was hanging from a ship . It was impossible to guard by any means against such an exportation.—The right hon . gent . next called the attention of the House to the melancholy situation in which the country stood , when the exercise of his right by one man out of fifteen million , could have forced the minister to have recourse to a legislative act . Was there any stronger symptom of a system being on the verge of destruction ? He objected to the second reading of the Bill on Monday next , as in that week country gentlemen would be engaged at the quarter sessions , and it was important that they should attend , for they might place even this point of distress in a light of which he was not aware . Adverting to the immense boon given to the Bank by this Bill , he stated that he would at any time before have been glad to shake hands with the Bank Directors , but now he must fall on his knees to them—they would be such great men . He concluded by declaring that he would propose a Call of the House and for the appointment of a Committee to inquire into the effects of the Restriction . On the former motion he would divide the House , but he would propose the latter for the purpose of having it entered on the Journals . in explanation , disclaimed any intention of wishing to be considered as giving any other opinion than that of a private and individual member . also protested against any such inference being drawn from what ha said ; and , in answer to the charge against the Bank of a wanton and extravagant issue of notes , stated that instead of 23 millions , as returned to the House , the amount of notes outstanding on Saturday last did not exceed 22 millions . The public owed to the Bank , in the