the privileges and immunities claimed by the several Theatres , and the restraints imposed there by upon the amusements of the public was greatly surprised that the hon . member should make such a motion after what had so lately passed , or that he could find any one to second his motion . Now , that the accounts of Drury-lane theatre were nearly disentangled , the proprietors satisfied , and a new scheme for re-building it in full progress , it was strange that an hon . member should think he had found out the proper time for throwing the whole into confusion . He was quite sure the hon . member did not mean to exhibit any hostility to the interests of the sufferers at Drury-lane , but he must have been conscious that the appointment of a committee to inquire into the abstract merits of any question touching the monopoly , must tend to throw cold water upon the present public inclination to the undertaking . If it was objected that there were not theatres enough , why not wait for the re-building of Drury-lane , and then ascertain whether more were wanted ? A misconception had gone abroad relative to the nature of the Drury-lane patent . So well was parliament convinced of its solidity , that the subscribers to the rebuilding were , by the act of parliament , 290 enjoined to pay in the first instance a large proportion for the patent . He had no idea that the House could entertain the motion after what it had lately done , and would advise the honourable member to withdraw it . after a few words , consented to withdraw the motion . moved the second reading of the East India Bonds Bill . opposed the Bill , which , he contended , the present situation of the Company 's affairs did not warrant , there being at present a balance of 3,000,000l . against the company , arising from bills drawn in India . There was a Committee then sitting for the purpose of examining into their affairs , and he thought more information should be submitted to the House , before they agreed to the present measure . said , that whenever any plan was proposed for the accommodation of the East India Company , there was al-ways to be found a set of gentlemen on the other side of the House ranged in op-position against it . The present Bill had no other object than to enable the East India Company to raise money on their own credit in the way most convenient to them . observed , it was singular enough that the company , when they had a revenue of seven millions , should have a surplus of one million , while now that they have a revenue of fifteen millions , they have no surplus . One was at a loss to conceive that with so great an increase of revenue , the bond debt of the company should go on increasing as it did . The public ought to be put in possession of a state of the company 's affairs , as was done in 1793 . The celebrated Committee up stairs , which had now sat for four years , and which during the present session had not in fact been occupied altogether more than four hours , or six at the utmost , seemed to have avoided all trouble of discussion of the company 's affairs . Before such a measure as the present was allowed to pass , the public ought to be put in possession of the true state of the company 's affairs ; and he pledged himself to move Resolutions of fact on that subject in a subsequent stage of the Bill , and to prove that the company were actually six millions worse than nothing . In order to give time for the production of the information on which alone 291 the present proceeding could be with propriety founded , he moved as an Amendment , `` That the Bill be read a second time that day se'nnight . ''