Castlereagh ) in speaking of our northern fellow subjects , the Scots , had called them what no man could deny them to be , a most moral and ingenious people . His proof of that assertion was , however , rather whimsical . He had said that not a peasant could be found in Scotland who would prefer guineas to bank notes ; if so , he could assure the noble lord that their countrymen in London were distinguished by a very different sort of magnanimity ; for here the difficulty would be to get them to take paper where they could get guineas . The noble lord , however , might have drawn more striking facts from amongst his own countrymen . In Ireland there was no taking up a newspaper , with- 142 out seeing advertisements , vying with each other in offering guineas , doubloons , and dollars to sale . He read two of these advertisements from a paper he held in his hand , one signed O'Keefe , 113 , Exchange , Cork ; the other signed Hely , in the same city , where both professed to offer each of them a higher price for guineas than any other man in Ireland . spoke shortly in denial of the depreciation . proceeded to state a fact or two , as proofs of the depreciation ; first ; That a pipe of wine , for which 110l . was demanded in the ordinary currency , had had been sold for 90 guineas—second , That a man having 600l , in gold , came to London to purchase certain articles in the way of his business and was allowed 12½ per cent . as the difference . But then it was answered that the guinea had risen . The Bank promised to pay in standard coin , and if the notes had been convertible into this coin , or had been considered as equivalent , then the man possessing the 600l . in gold would have had no advantage over one having as much in paper . But the difference fully proved the depreciation . After stating that actions would soon be brought for coin , unless the expence , and the sense that each prosecutor might be served in the same way , prevented it ; he said that it was in vain for gentlemen to shut their eyes against the fact of depreciation , as the ostrich hid its head and then thought itself secure and unseen . Vigorous measures ought immediately to be taken to check it ; the longer the remedy was delayed the more severe would be its operation . He then commented on the conduct of the Bank directors , which had been too much censured by others . They had certainly been placed in a difficult situation : but the cause stated for the restriction was , that they might have specie to answer the public emergencies . There were some grounds to believe that they had not strictly performed this condition , and therefore , their conduct was not deserving of the applause so liberally bestowed upon it . They had made immense profits , as appeared by the great rise in their stock , being from 180 to 280 since the restriction , while the government funds had , during the same period , only risen from 56 to 65 , Adverting then to the remedy , he said that the Bank ought , at some loss to the proprietors , to put itself in a situation to resume cash payments , when parliament 143 thought it expedient . He could not fix any definite period , neither did he imagine that the restriction ought peremptorily to be continued during the war . It was impossible to say how long that might last . They had not at present even a glimpse through the gloom . The Resolutions were read a second time , and on the motion that the first be agreed to , for the purpose of having his own Resolutions recorded on the Journals , moved as an Amendment , to leave out