public duty which such opinions had necessarily impressed upon him : if , under such a conviction , he had swerved from that duty , or had permitted any personal considerations to have obstructed him in the discharge of it , in that case he should have richly merited all the reproaches that could possibly have been cast upon him . This , however , he had not done ; he had seen his duty , and had seen also that it would be a most painful one to perform ; but , painful as it might be , he had resolved to follow it up as faithfully as he could , whether through evil report or good report . Thus much as to his motives . With respect , then , to the re-appointment of his Royal Highness , he would ask the House it they could agree to sanction an appointment made in virtual opposition to their own recorded sentiments ? for the resignation was the result of the opinion known to prevail in that House , and the approving of the reappointment would be in effect a censure upon the Parliament itself , as the same fact would have been in that case approved of and reprobated by the same Parliament . Was it to be maintained that a great public officer—the higher the office the stronger the argument—who had been driven into resignation by the vote of that House , should scarcely two years alter be brought back into that office for which Parliament thought him unfit . This was the principal ground on which he wished to rest the motion he intended to make , because upon that ground was the character of the House affected , in case it suffered the re-appointment of his Royal Highness to pass unnoticed . If , indeed , there were persons whose uniform wish and aim it was to weaken the constitutional influence of that 473 House , by systematically degrading and vilifying its character , such persons , he was sure , must have rejoiced if they had seen no man stand forward to call their attention to such an instance of disrespect towards the declared opinions of that House—not that he claimed any merit for having taken that duty upon himself , since he had already acknowledged , that with the impressions upon his mind , had he hesitated to do so , he would have been highly criminal . It might be objected , that though the House did at that period wish for the resignation of his Royal Highness , they did not intend to exclude him from all chance of return to office , and that upon this principle the punishment of his Royal Highness might be considered as fully commensurate to the extent of his offences ; to this objection he was prepared to answer by saying , that he never would admit deprivation of office to be in itself a punishment—incapacitation for office was , he allowed , a punishment , but not mere deprivation , He denied , therefore , that his Royal Highness had been punished , but even admitting that he had , how did that affect the consideration of the fact , that he had been declared by that House unfit for that office . Now , if in March 1809 , his Royal Highness was unfit for that situation , what since could have made him fit for it ? The House thought him then unfit ; what had since occurred to alter their opinion ? He was pained to put it this way , and thus to question the character of a personage whose character every one must wish to have been unquestionable , but the fault was not in him , but in the conduct of his Royal Highness , which had unfortunately made it otherwise . The noble lord said he could not shut his eyes ; he had seen what that conduct had been , and could not think of it , or speak of it in any other terms than it deserved . He repeated , that he could not understand