suspension of-cash payments , let the public have the assurance that they are so employed by the Bank , as to ensure their ability to resume those payments , without convulsion or distress , at the period which the legislature has fixed for the resumption of them . This , I think , is a suggestion , the adoption of which would be no less creditable to the Bank than satisfactory to the public . For this or any other measure calculated to remedy the evils acknowledged to exist , we can , after the decision to which this House has already come , rely only on the effect which may be produced by our discussions upon the advised discretion of the Bank , and upon the awakened attention of the public . But at least , if we will do no good , let us , in the name of common sense , not do any harm . If we will not set right the course of the vessel , let us at least not destroy the chart and compass by which it may steer Let us leave the evil , if it must be so 124 to the chance of a gradual and noiseless correction . But let us not resolve as law , what is an incorrect and imperfect exposition of the law . Let us not resolve as fact , what is contradictory to universal experience . Let us not expose ourselves to ridicule by resolving as the opinions of the people , opinions which the people do not , and which it is impossible they should , entertain . This is not the way to settle the public feeling , and to set the subject at rest . It is the way to ensure renewed and interminable discussions . That we may at least not incur this unnecessary mischief , by adopting the Resolutions now before us , I move . Sir , that you do now leave the chair . regretted , that he was again under the necessity of trespassing upon the time of the Committee upon this subject , but there were some points in the speech of his right hon . friend which he could not avoid noticing . His right hon . friend seemed to think that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) ought to retract the admission he had made on a former night , namely , that the diminution of the quantity of paper might diminish the balance of exchange against us , because it made against his general argument the admission which he had made , however , he was not disposed to retract , because it did not appear to him to clash in the slightest degree with the principles which he maintained . The diminution of paper in circulation would make a favourable alteration in the exchange , but then it would be necessary to discontinue the exertions we were making abroad , and to abandon our allies : but this would not be the only inconvenience which would result , because the same operation would affect our commerce , our agriculture , and all those sources of wealth by which we had been so long able to maintain this contest . It appeared to him , therefore , that the question for the Committee to decide was , whether it would be a wise policy to discontinue those exertions which we were making upon the Continent , and injure our agriculture and commerce , which we must do if we dimnished the quantity of paper in circulation for the purpose of making an alteration in the course of exchange.—He would not repeat all the arguments which he had before used , to shew that what gentlemen termed the depreciation of paper , did not arise from an over-issue of it , but from : other causes ; but he was convinced that 125 the more gentlemen investigated the subject , the more they would be convinced of that fact . It had been asked , whether it was prudent and safe to continue the present system , and to suffer gold to