but had been abandoned , probably on account of the resolutions passed at meetings of lord lieutenants of counties disapproving of it . He allowed that this would increase the disposable force , but so would the sending the militia abroad . This was very different from the volunteering into the line , for there the soldier left his officers , and when the fixed period ended , the matter was at rest . He further observed , that this might have a very injurious effect on the volunteering from the militia , as the soldier must be almost cer- 133 tain of being sent abroad as soon as he volunteered . It would also prove a material obstacle to the procuring of men for the militia during the winter ; said , that there never had been a negative on the interchange of services . In 1804 , the object was to accept the voluntary offers of 10,000 of the Irish militia to serve in England , to replace that number which had volunteered from the English militia into the line . That there were difficulties in the way of the execution of this measure , he admitted ; but it generally happened that the difficulties of a plan were in proportion to its utility . The difficulties , how ever , were not insuperable . He was satisfied that there would be a very general disposition in the militia officers to extend the benefit of their services . said , that some from habit might be averse to the interchange ; but the measure ought not to be given up on that account , considering its extensive utility . He was persuaded there would be a general desire to extend their services , if the measure appeared to be a beneficial one . The officers got their commissions without purchase , and might relinquish them without loss . of Kerry strongly approved of the measure . stated , that though general orders had been issued not to restrict the Catholic soldiers in the exercise of their religion , they were but partially attended . Even when the Catholic soldiers were permitted to attend their chapels , they were often marched afterwards to a church of the establishment , which , by the canons of their own church , subjects them to excommunication . The observation of his hon . friend ( Mr. Tighe ) therefore , required some notice . He also stated the fact , that out of 3,000 recruits sent to the depot at the Isle of Wight , only 160 belonged to the established church . Most of the rest , he presumed were Catholics . said , that the militia of Ireland though in this country , would still be the Irish militia and would , therefore , by law be entitled to the exemptions and privileges which they had in Ireland . was hardly satisfied with this off hand opinion . He wished that the opinions of the law officers of the crown should be taken , that the House might know how the matter stood . If 134 there was any doubt as to the law , that doubt ought to be removed . He did not oppose the measure , but it ought to be really and entirely optional with the men and officers , whether to comply or not , without being subject to any reflections in case of refusal . The measure would soon put an end to the qualification required from the militia officers , and for that they ought to be prepared . approved the measure , but thought that every doubt as to the maintenance of the exemptions of the Catholic officers and soldiers ought to be done away by a provision in the bill . In looking over the act for securing the succession , he was far from being satisfied that no legislative enactment on this point was required . adverted to the hardship of placing the militia officer in a situation where he must alter the nature of his engagement , or subject himself to the odium of government . General Tarleton and