notorious that he had been employed in facilitating the trade of the enemy for ship timber . He denied that he proposed a percentage upon the amount of captures as fees for the proctor ; he had only said , that there ought to be some regular rule that the captors might know whether they were wronged or not . As to the observation , that captors were formerly entitled only to one-third of their prizes , this only proved that the ministers , who altered the system knew better how to make use of the motives by which men were generally actuated than the present ministers . The king 's proctor had as many causes in the admiralty court as 70 other proctors ; this ought not to be : there ought , at least , to be six king 's proctors , out of which the officers of the navy might choose . He asked the hon . and learned gent . whether he did not attend sometimes in the court of appeal for the attorney general , and took the fees , while the attorney , though absent , was still paid for his attendance . Formerly the king 's proctor sat at one end of the table , preparing their cases for the captors , while another proctor sat at the other end , preparing the cases of the claimants . This glaring abuse had been done away , and he hoped others would be done away in the same manner . He then read a memorial from his relation , sir Alexander Cochrane , a man not likely to be actuated by the prejudices imputed to himself , strongly urging the objection to the circumstance of there being only one proctor , and stating that there were grounds to believe that this proctor secretly appointed 998 the proctor on the other side to defend against himself . His lordship further stated , that next session he would bring in a Bill to amend the law on the subject of prizes , and asserted that the commerce of the enemy was carried on to a great extent ; and that the Mediterranean was crowded with their ships , in a great measure owing to the want of a stimulus , which , while they were men , would induce the officers of the navy to keep a sharper look out . in explanation , said , that the noble lord was , he believed , the only officer who would suspect him of throwing a shield over the navy agents . As the noble lord had returned to the charge of bribery , he thought it necessary to repeat what he had already said , that the 500l . was given to obtain information . said , he had not accused the right hon . gent . of partiality to the agents , but only that he ought to have made more enquiry , and give further information . said that though the Attorney-General could not always attend in court , the crown and the captors had the advantage of his advice . said it was true that the law officers of his Majesty had not been present at all the causes in the court of admiralty , but this he could say , that all the little assistance he could render , always had been rendered . The cases Were fully discussed in consultations , and he had never failed to attend the Privy Council . If it was imputed to him as a great omission that he did not constantly attend in court , he could say it was impossible . He trusted that those who knew him and his practice , would not suspect that he deserved what had been rather harshly imputed to him in his absence . He had always made his private business yield to his public duty . said he had not charged him with any wilful neglect ; all he contended for was , that if he could not attend , he ought not to be paid . conceived that the House ought to grant the motion ,