are to be taken into consideration together . When a given weight of gold or silver is of a given fineness , it is then of the true standard , and is called sterling . Of this sterling metal all the coin of the kingdom must be made by the statute of 25 Ed . 5 , cap . 15 ; so that the King 's prerogative seemeth not to extend to the debasing or enhancing the value of the coin below or above the sterling value : though Sir Matthew Hale appears to be of another opinion . '' The right hon . gentleman may perhaps tell me that his opinion agrees with that of Sir Matthew Hale ; to which Judge Blackstone here refers as seemingly more favourable to the prerogative than his own . But if he will look into that elaborate and instructive treatise , which contains an abstract of all the learning and of all the history relating to our coinage—I mean the Letter of the late Earl of Liver-pool to the King—he will there find in what respects the legislature has limited the exercise of that prerogative , since the death of Sir Matthew Hale . He will find it stated , that even in Sir Matthew Hale ' '' opinion , `` though this great prerogative is unquestionable , it is certainly advisable that in the exercise of it , whenever any great change is intended to be made , the King should avail himself of the wisdom and support of his parliament . '' `` Sir Matthew Hale observes , '' says lord Liverpool , `` that it is neither safe nor honourable for the King to imbase his coin below sterling ; if it be at any time done , it is fit to be done by the assent of parliament ; '' and he concludes , that on such occasions fieri non debuit , factum valet . '' Even if such were still the , state of the prerogative , would it justify a Resolution of the House of Commons , which describes that prerogative as absolute and indefinite , and describes `` the assent of parliament not as that , with which , ac- 101 cording to Sir Matthew Hale , `` it is fit '' that such alteration should be made , if made at all ; and without which , according to the same authority , `` fieri non de-butt ; '' —but merely as that which it is optional with the crown to ask or not to ask , according to its good pleasure ? Would such a Resolution have befitted the House of Commons , even at the time when Sir Matthew Hale wrote ? Is it possible to pass it now ; when that prerogative , which by Sir Matthew Hale was considered as unfit to be exercised with-out consent of parliament , stands actually limited by statute ? Let us next consider what is the object with a view to which this exposition of the law is made , and how far that object is attained by it . The question in agitation is , whether our paper currency be or be not depreciated ? The price of gold in that paper currency is adduced in proof of the depreciation . What answer is it to this question—what refutation is it of this proof , to say `` The King 's prerogative can alter the value of the coin ? `` —Granted that it can . At least it has not done so in the present instance . The coin is rot varied in value : the paper currency , it is contended , is . The King 's prerogative has nothing to do with the paper of the Bank . The paper of the Bank is not God forbid it ever should be ! ) the legal money of the realm . How , then , does the King 's prerogative decide—how does it even affect—the question as to the depreciation of Bank paper ? It can by no possibility affect it at all , unless the right hon . gent .