, and among them he could not name one whose estimable qualities of the heart and of the head did him more honour than Sir George Saville , with whom he had the supreme pleasure of being intimate . His idea on this subject he would adopt as his own : it was this clear , and perspicuous , and philosophical definition of the circulating medium , '' that it was and could , be no other than a measure or scale of different things . '' Thus ten pound was the measure of a certain number of loaves of bread , of a certain number of tickets to the opera , or of a certain number of miles travelling in a hackney coach . The ten pound was the scale by which the relative value of these three articles was measured . To tills definition he would add , in pursuance of the same idea , that this scale was , or ought to be , fixed and unalterable . As illustrations were good to explain abstract propositions , he would endeavour to apply one to this point . Suppose they wished to measure any thing of length , they would take a yard , consisting of 3 feet , or of 36 inches , and by this means might measure a piece of cloth 36 yards long ; but it would not do to measure 36 yards by this piece of cloth , for , being elastic , it might at one time reach to 40 yards . A third fundamental principle was , the circulating medium ought not to be attainable without a certain labour or value given . Gold certainly possessed this quality , but so also did other things ; such , for instance , as Hamburgh Mark Banco payments . And book entries in this respect enjoyed a very great superiority over gold , if they were put under proper regulations . Suppose any state 786 should open such books in which no person could obtain an entry of credit without performing an adequate public service , was it not evident if he was enabled at some time to transfer that amount , or any part of it , to any other part of the country from that in which this entry was made , that it would be better than if it was paid to him in money ? He might lose the money , or might be interrupted on the road , which accidents could not happen to the book entry . Book entries also possessed other advantages over money in rapidity , and in not being liable to depreciation from wear and tear ; in the respect of annual interest , and in the immense qualification of being invariable . It was on these principles then , that he founded his proposition . In coming to notice his plan , he had to observe , that he laboured under considerable difficulty . These subjects belonged to government , and were proper for ministers to take up . No other person who proposed any violent change , such as he did , being no less than to change the circulating medium , could expect any very great support . A wise man would therefore try to accommodate his views to existing circumstances , rather than propose a radical alteration of the system . Not to be ludicrous on so grave a subject , he would try to illustrate this part also by a simile . He had found the principle established by law , that payments in Bank notes could not be enforced as legal . A Bank note , like the purchase of a check for admission to a public place , might be changed for something else , for another note ; but still that was not the admission , and after various changes , a man might be as far from his purpose as at first . He had endeavoured to fit his plan to this deformed monster . Like the tailor , who made a coat for a person with a hunch back , on being reproached with