my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . First , the inconveniencies which now result from that depreciation , and which constitute the proof of it , were not felt in Mr. Pitt 's time . Neither could they possibly be foreseen by Mr. Pitt , if they in fact arise only from the causes to which my right hon . friend and the right hon . gent . 's fifteenth Resolution ascribe them : Mr. Pitt certainly could not foresee the Berlin and Milan decrees . The war , indeed , raged in his life-time with not less violence than since : but yet in the very hottest and most disastrous part of the war , at the moment of the greatest public alarm and calamity , the exchanges were in our favour : and the price of gold did not materially rise . He therefore did not witness any of those symptoms , which have awakened anxiety and led to investigation on the present occasion . 121 Further we have the testimony of my hon . friend opposite to me ( Mr. Wilber-force ) , that in the year 1802 , when the probable tendency of unredeemable Bank paper to excessive issue and consequent depreciation became a subject of alarm to some men of great ability in financial matters—we have , I say , that most satisfactory testimony , that Mr. Pitt at that time professed his entire agreement in the principles laid down in a very able publication of the hon . gent , who preceded me in this night 's debate , which I presume every man who has attended to this question has read . And what are those principles ? —Why , these— 'It is the maintainance of our general exchanges , says ( Mr. Thornton ) , `` or in other words , it is the agreement of the Mint price with the bullion price of gold , which seems to be the true proof that the circulating paper is not depreciated . '' If these are the principles which Mr. Pitt sanctioned , what pretence is there for saying that he foresaw the present state of things ? or that , if he had lived to see it , he would now have asserted our circulating paper to be in an undepreciated state ? Are our `` general exchanges '' now `` maintained ? '' `` Does the bullion price of gold '' now `` agree with the Mint price ? '' Are not , on the contrary , the unfavourable exchanges , and high price of bullion , the very particulars which are cited as affording the most irrefragable proof of a depreciation ? If the absence of those criteria at that time was conclusive one way , must not the presence of them be now admitted to be conclusive the other ? If Mr. Pitt was then satisfied that all was right because these symptoms had not appeared , is it fair to inter , that he would have been equally satisfied now , when they are seen in so aggravated a degree ? Is not the fair inference directly the contrary ? Nor is it an unimportant evidence of Mr. Pitt 's general view of this subject , that the letter of lord Liverpool to the King was the result of an investigation commenced in Mr. Pitt 's first administration in 1798 , and concluded in the year 1805 , when he was again minister of the country . In that letter not only are all the principles of our money system distinctly and ably expounded , according to the authority and the practice of the best times ; but with respect to the system of our paper currency , the danger of its being carried to excess , and , the necessity of a parlia- 122 mentary revision of it , are stated in a manner which shows with how much attention , in the opinion of the government of those days , that system required to be watched . But if Mr. Pitt had happily been still alive , what remedy would he have