duke of York ; for no administration would venture to replace him in office , in the face of such a Resolution as that . Would the House be justified in adopting a measure of such great severity ? His royal highness had been guilty of great indiscretion : but the whole accusation rested on the testimony of one witness , who , it appeared , had received a valuable consideration for her evidence , and yet denied it at their bar . This very denial implied a consciousness that the consideration was received for improper purposes . He would not , therefore , pass a sentence of perpetual exclusion , nor visit the offence with such severity . What ! could it really be said that the duke of York had not been punished 501 that he had not suffered the severest mortification ? Was it no punishment that the son of the King should be removed from the head of that army which was the glory of the country—that he should be forced to fly into retirement from the severity of public censure ? Where was the man who possessed any of the high spirit of an Englishman , who would not say , that all this was one of the severest punishments that could possibly be inflicted . The duke of York , then , had been punished already ; and , in his mind , he had been punished severely . That punishment , he thought , had been already enough , and he thought also that the royal duke ought not to be further punished with exclusion . It had been asked , whether any other person would have been so restored ? but he would answer , that there was no such case then before the House , and it would be time to consider it when it might come before them . Although he could not vote for the Resolution of his noble friend , he could not help applauding his conduct , in having undertaken , from a sense of duty alone , that which would have appalled many other men . said , he should feel great satisfaction , if any injury had been done by his means to any person , in endeavouring to do ail in his power to remedy it . But in the present case , as he still continued to see it in the same light in which he had formerly done , and as he had formerly given his vote by no means on the evidence of that witness who had been so much spoken of that night , and who , he would say , was never looked upon in the House as a witness of credibility , he could see no ground for opposing the present motion . He was convinced , that had the honourable member in whom the accusation of the duke of York originated , been unsupported in that accusation by any additional evidence to that , which he possessed at the commencement of the proceedings , he would have retired disgraced and stultified . But it so happened , that a mass of evidence , written and oral , was produced in a manner almost accidental , he might even say , almost miraculous . That testimony remained untouched . It therefore was a source of astonishment to him to hear gentlemen state generally , that their opinion on the case was changed , without advancing any one circumstance to warrant that change , except the decreased credibility of a witness on 502 whose credibility , as he had before observed , little or no reliance had ever been placed . He remembered an honourable gentleman had said , that her evidence was not such as that he would have whipped a dog on it ; and this statement was received by the House with acclamation . But could the House forget the letters which had been most unexpectedly produced ; the letters brought out in consequence of general Clavering 's evidence—the note of Tonyn , et cetera , and with respect to this last , if any thing