25,000 , we shortly after succeeded in the unhallowed capture of Copenhagen , In 1808 , the gallant and ever-to-be-lamented 536 sir John Moore , was dispatched ( with what rational military object remains still to be explained ) to Sweden , with a chosen corps of 10,000 men , which his good sense and firmness probably saved from destruction , and with which he shortly returned to the British coast , without having fired a shot . In the same year commenced our campaigns in Spain and Portugal , under the most propitious circumstances , the spirit of our people and that of the allies most enthusiastic—the slate of Europe favourable—the cause a great and just one ! Yet sir John Moore , though at the head of a nominal corps of 40,000 men , was at no moment in a situation of offering battle to the enemy , with a force much exceeding 26,000 effective . I am aware that the Downing-street generals , assisted by their staff and official documents , proved to their own satisfaction at least , that he had 40,000 ; but sir John Moore , though in the field with them , never could discover more than 26,000 ; it is true , indeed , he had recourse but to the old exploded method of counting By the head . Yet in this same year it appears , that the whole French force collected behind the Ebro , did not exceed 45,000 men—and early in this year we might have had 70,000 in the peninsula . In 1809 , after having received intelligence of the loss of the battle of Wagram , we committed an army of 40,000 men to the marshes of Walcheren . Our bravest sons , eager for the fight , there died the death of cowards and of common men ! Sunk without wounds , and fell without renown ! And this we did with such an admirable choice of time and place , that even had success ensued , we could not have struck an effectual blow against the power of Buonaparté.—Yet early in that year , by uniting only our Walcheren , Spanish , and Sicilian armies , we might have thrown on any part of the continent 93,000 men , a force greatly superior in number to that with which the archduke Charles joined the battle of Aspeme , and nearly equal to that with which the enemy obtained the decisive victory of Wagram . What , Sir , would Buonaparté have done with our means ? How would he have availed himself of such opportunities ? On several different occasions , the French armies were in Austria , at the most distant points of Prussia , nay at the eastern extremity of Poland . France , stripped of troops , exposed at all points , a population 537 of eleven millions in the Peninsula , animated as one man against her , a hostile disposition towards her in various parts of the continent , these islands , peopled with a hardy gallant peasantry , trained in a great degree to arms , an embodied militia from 65 to 86,000 men , a regular army from 135 to 235,000 , a local militia to any amount , the undisputed empire of the seas , tonnage equal to convoy any number of men , the enemy 's shores within a few hours sail , all Europe open to us.—What , I ask , with these opportunities , and such means , would not Buonaparté have attempted ? What would he not have effected ? It has been said , that had we to select a spot in Europe , most favourable to ourselves , and most disadvantageous to the enemy , we should have chosen that on which we now act in the Peninsula . We have been reminded of the great and appalling difficulties under which the enemy has brought up his troops and supplies from the most distant points , and of the great comparative facility with which we have effected the same objects , in consequence of our maritime advantages and locality . How