entered minutely into an investigation of the circumstances , and concluded from thence , that if government had not arrested him , it would have been guilty of misconduct . He had afterwards , by the order of lord Hardwicke , examined into the cases of all the state prisoners , and if there were any favourable circumstances in that of Mr. Mason he should have been glad to have released him . He had also examined the place of his confinement , and found it to be clean and comfortable ; and , having gone at periods when he was not expected , found every thing conducted with an attention to the comforts of the prisoners . wished to do away every unfavourable impression which the distance of time might make on the mind of the House . He had met the petitioner occasionally at the house of a common friend , and if any delay had taken place in bringing his case forward , he could take it on him to say , that it was not attributable to him , though other gentlemen might innocently enough be the cause of it , because he would take it upon him to `` ay that Mr. Mason was incessantly endeavouring to forward his petition . If Mr. Mason had not good and sufficient grounds , he could not imagine he would be so anxious to procure an examination in public , in private , or in any other way . He acted like a man conscious of his own innocence . It might very well happen that , in a country like Ireland , where parties were in such a state of exasperation , if anonymous information were listened to , an innocent man might become the victim of party spleen and malice . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had said , the argument extended to all Habeas Corpus suspension cases . He confessed he was more anxious for the general than the individual case . The public safety mightdemand occasional suspensions of the 754 Habeas Corpus act ; but what was that but saying that the public safety might require an injury to an individual , holding him up to all the members of society as a suspected person , and at last dismissing him without accusation ? Where was the remedy for this oppression ? This ought not to be allowed to take place in a free country . There ought to be some tribunal appointed where an injured individual might seek redress ; and if government could shew no grounds for the deprivation of a man 's liberty , then he ought to be declared innocent of those crimes for the suspicion of which he was arrested . In this way it would be possible to reconcile the justice due to the country at large with the justice due to any individual who might suffer for the sake of the country at large . He wished that a Committee up stairs had been appointed , as the government might very naturally wish to justify themselves . said he was not aware of any difficulty under which Mr. Mason laboured , as to the possibility of bringing forward his case . He did not believe that any act of indemnity followed the year in which he was confined and therefore it was competent to him to bring his action . He was sure the House would agree that persons might be confined upon information which government could not disclose , without shutting itself out from such sources of information in future . If the question was brought before a jury , if it was evident that government was not actuated by any malicious feeling towards the individual , and that the Habeas Corpus act was not unnecessarily suspended , he was sure that no judge or jury Mould award damages , and therefore Mr. Mason might have acted properly in not appealing to the law . He thought his right hon . friend was right in recording the motion , especially as the House would be able to pursue the subject in