which this country would probably stand after the adoption of the measure then under discussion . The plan of Frederick liad an advantage over this project . It was not discovered till about a year and a half after it was resorted to , and it was of some efficacy for two or three years . The measure to be adopted here would have no such advantage , as it was seen through at once . His differed from ours very materially . The one was a case of open fraud , the other resembled privately stealing . Such a system of policy had ever been considered as the most fraudulent that could be adopted ; and was this the sentiment now to be inculcated in tills country , where such profligacy of principle had never been tolerated before ? On this occasion he felt not only for the public and the parliament , but for the character of the law itself , which he considered as in danger from such an erroneous policy . He trusted the warning which had been given to ministers would have its proper effect , and that they would not go farther than the brink on which they then stood ; but if no warning could 934 deter them from rashly proceeding—if no representation of the danger could check , and no admonition restrain them in their course—with deep melancholy , he should augur ill to this country , and see much to fear from so ominous a commencement of a new reign . observed , that the hon . gent , had gone into so much general matter , and filled his speech with so many reproaches against ministers , with so many alledged charges against judges , together with a plan for winding up the national debt at one stroke , that it would be wandering from the question to pretend to follow him . Before the decision of the judges in the cases of De Yonge and Wright , it had been imagined that the traffic in guineas was illegal , in the manner it had been carried on by those persons . But as the judges had decided that such a traffic was not illegal , he presumed the object of the present Bill was to supply the defect . He approved of it , as it shewed that the government was resolved to try all milder measures , before they resorted to the compulsory one of making Bank notes a legal tender . While they received these notes in payment of taxes , they were resolved not to allow any individuals to take them at a depreciated rate . And , as to the high price of bullion , that was the consequence , not of depreciation , but of the embarrassed state of the country . If they did not at once resort to the legal tender , it was only because they imagined the evil would stop here . If the example of the noble lord who had demanded his rents in gold were followed , the legal tender must be adopted . When suspicion was abroad—when the tenantry and yeomanry were to be imprisoned—in that convulsed state of things , this measure must be resorted to . The Bill he thought highly useful , even in its present shape , but still it might , in some respects , be altered and modified with advantage . There were two cases upon which it was intended to operate ; first , upon bargains and sales , which were completed at once ; and next upon standing contracts . He understood that a case had happened , where a man bought some laud from another for 400l . and paid down 100l . of the price . When the purchaser had built upon the premises , and otherwise improved them , the vendor demanded the other 300l . in cash . This was most unjust , and such frauds ought to be prevented . He should propose , therefore , 935 that there should be a provision in the Bill , requiring that those who intended to demand