how , if his Royal Highness was unfit for the situation of Commander in Chief in the year 1809 , he could be fit for it in 1811 . Upon this point he could not help dwelling as he had done , for it appeared to him to be one that involved in it insurmountable objections to his Royal Highness 's restoration . The noble lord said he knew that certain transactions had come to light since the inquiry , which it might be contended had a tendency very materially to change the general opinion , upon that question ; 474 but he was afraid that those who took up that line of defending the restoration of his Royal Highness , would find it a very difficult task ; for though the subsequent discovery of such transactions might make for the duke of York in one point , it yet made tenfold against him in others ; for though his Royal Highness had been the victim of a foul conspiracy— ( Here the noble lord was interrupted by a general cry of Hear ! hear ! from all parts of the House ) —yet did the gentlemen who cried hear ! recollect , that the truth of that subsequent discovery rested solely upon the testimony of that very person who had been the chief and material witness against his Royal Highness himself . Indeed , there were many persons who , he had observed , seemed prepared to argue the entire of this question , as if the character of the duke of York did not stand upon the same principle as that of any other man , and that instead of judging of that character from the customary evidence of his own actions , we were to determine according to the comparative testimony of them with that of others . So that the character of his Royal Highness was not to be in the fair and direct proportion of the rectitude or obloquy of his own conduct ; but to have , as it were , an inverse relation to that of others—that was , to rise as the charac-of another fell , and to be respected in proportion as that other was despised . This would be to make a man 's reputation depend not upon himself but others . In the inquiry , the noble lord said he had voted not upon authority , but evidence . If nothing had been done to subvert the evidence at that time , with what face did the present ministers come before the House to justify their recommendation of the duke of York to an office which ( he was sorry to be obliged to say ) he had disgraced the administration of . Would it be contended that the opinion of that House had not caused his Royal Highness 's resignation ? If it had not caused that resignation , he should be glad to know what had caused it ; and if it had caused it , he demanded of the Prince Regent 's ministers 10 slate upon what ground they took upon themselves to advise the restoration of his royal highness . The Resolution upon their Journals stated that his royal highness having resigned , it was unnecessary to pursue the business any farther , which was saying , in other words , that if he had not resigned they would have felt it necessary to take some farther proceeding 475 to bring about that resignation . To this Resolution the ministers themselves had been parties . He now called upon them to shew the paramount necessity of reappointing his royal highness in defiance of that Resolution , to which they and the House were pledged . He should not now enter into the question , whether persons of such exalted rank and station were the fittest to select for offices of such great importance and high responsibility , but he challenged the ministers to say , if they would have ventured to have recommended to that office a person in every way similarly circumstanced as the duke of York , his rank excepted . He was