of the realm , and the Bank had stepped forward to lessen the consequent inconvenience . They had already liberally supplied the bankers in the metropolis with these tokens ; and it was their intention , as soon as possible , to send down large quantities 1015 to the various commercial towns in the country . In one week they issued 35,000l . worth , which was half as much as the whole silver coinage of the present reign . thought it but justice to the Bank to state , that they had lent themselves to the public service with considerable loss and inconvenience to themselves . Every body was aware that the silver coinage of the country had nearly disappeared . Under the present circumstances a new coinage was impracticable . If government were , at the present moment , to coin a number of shillings and sixpences , they would not be current a week.— ( Hear , hear , from the opposition benches . ) How would the hon . gentlemen correct this evil ? He had heard gentlemen talk very flippantly of obtaining bullion as easily as claret . But with what would they purchase it ? it was impracticable to procure it , and in this state what was to be done ? Would they reduce the intrinsic value of the coin of the realm ? The propriety of doing this had been discussed a century ago . It had been advocated by Mr. Lowndes , and resisted by Mr. Locke and others . The latter triumphed ; a silver coinage of full value , which occasioned to the country a loss of two millions and a half , was issued , and it instantly disappeared . With respect to the execution of the Bank tokens lately issued , it could not have been better , but by a delay that must have been injurious . The Committee of the privy council on coins had called 30 or 40 merchants and bankers together , and had asked them whether it would be advisable to prevail on the Bank to issue these tokens ? They answered unanimously in the affirmative . Application was in consequence made to the Bank , and they instantly complied . said , that the state of the country did not call for this measure , there was no parliamentary grounds shewn for it , and no necessity attempted to be asserted in the Bill . There was specie enough in the country , as might be shewn from the reports of the Bank directors themselves , if measures of confidence were adopted to call it into circulation . The Bill went to shake the best securities , and to alter all the valuable standards of the kingdom . The present was a measure brought forward , he conceived , not so much because the corporation of the Bank were bankers , but because they were the agents of the government . If they went en to improve the advantages of their situ- 1016 ation , in which this Bill would place them , as they had done since the year 1797 , they must in the course of time possess all the property in the kingdom without paying for it . The hon . gentleman said he shortly gave these sentiments against the impending mischief , lest he should not have another opportunity . adverting to the difficulty of getting silver for notes , as described by an hon . and learned gentleman , said that he had seen even a hard guinea given for 20 shillings . suggested the expediency of dividing the bill into two Bills . observed , that the proper time for such a proposition would be after the disposal of the present question . stated , that the object of the Bill would not be effectual , as paper might first be sold for commodities , and gold bought with these commodities , in such a way as to have no difference in effect from the practice struck at in the Bill . reprobated the idea of making Bank notes a legal tender , a thing