, which would render the warehousing system of little or no use . could not consent to the introduction of any provision into the Bill for not allowing the Irish distillers to export without appropriating distilleries solely for that purpose , as that would , under the circumstances he had already mentioned , amount to a prohibition of the intercourse . addressed their lordships at considerable length on a variety of topics which he conceived more or less connected with the subject of this Bill . He considered the measure as one of great importance , and that those who brought it forward had acted very laudably ; but he conceived some explanation respecting the measure was still necessary . He understood that an immense sum , not less than 250,000l of Army Prize-money , still remained in the agents hands . Some of it so long as nearly 20 years . But with respect to the interest accruing on that money , he wished to be informed . A good deal of Prize-money had , from time to time , become due to those gallant troops who participated with the navy in their glorious exploits against the enemy . At Buenos Ayres , a few years since , the captors were entitled to a great deal ; and here he wished to remark the case of that gallant and meritorious officer , sir W. Beresford , to whom the country of our allies in the peninsula owed so much : The money he became entitled to on that occasion , was , he understood , about 27,000l the whole of which he lodged in the banking-house of a relative who had lately failed . He thought his Majesty 's ministers should take the case of this gallant officer into consideration , and reimburse him for his loss ; and he trusted it would be done . He thought it would be highly advantageous , if , as recommended in one of the Reports from the naval commissioners , a board of agency were to be established , and the present system of prize 712 agents superseded . What was due , and long retained from officers of the navy , it '' consequence of the existing system , was almost incredible . The exertions of the present treasurer of the navy to ameliorate and reform this system , and to procure a more expeditious liquidation of the rightful demands of our gallant seamen , was greatly to his honour . His lordship then animadverted on the present system which obtained in the Admiralty courts , where , from the multitude of causes , and the paucity of proctors , or officers of that description , the most injurious consequences , particularly from vexatious procrastinations and delays , resulted to the suitors in the courts . One of these , called the King 's proctor , was said to have no fewer than 500 causes on his hands at once , so that it was impossible justice , could be done . There were a number of counsel : Why not enlarge the number of the proctors ? The delay of justice was , as far as it went , an abuse of justice . A similar system prevailed in many of the Admiralty courts abroad , where the suitors had much to complain of . The noble earl related the mode in which he obtained much information on this head from lord Cochrane , who had put into his hands a proctor 's bill in one of the Vice-Admiralty courts . It was of enormous and unprecedented length , and which he would shew their lordships . The noble earl then opened and laid the bill along the floor , to a length of apparently 20 feet . He continued to expatiate on what he censured as the injurious delays and procrastinations of the Admiralty courts , more especially with respect to Prize causes . He also glanced at the courts of Appeal , and lastly touched upon the accumulation of appeals in their lordships ' House , and the delays which he observed took place in the transaction