only of revenue , but the most beneficial consequences in other respects . The long list that had been read , retailing the number of stills , worms and kegs which had been seized , did not prove that illicit distillation had been suppressed ; but that the reduction of the duties had not had the expected effect of suppressing the illicit distillation . He could not join in the sanguine opinion that had been expressed of the great prosperity of Ireland : she had since the . Union increased her debt nearly two-thirds : it was then thirty-three millions , and was now eighty-nine millions . observed , it was his duty to present to their Lordships the great number of Petitions which he had received from various classes of Protestant Dissenters against this Bill . The first Petition he presented was one from Market Harborough , which the noble earl desired might be read . Which being done , he next moved that the said Petition do lie on the table . said he had not the slightest intention of opposing the motion . His object in rising was , that , if possible , the time of the House might be saved . He was perfectly convinced that his noble friend had been actuated by the purest and best motives in bringing forward the Bill which was now before the House , and he was satisfied that the object of the Bill had been by many persons much misconceived and mistaken . It was , however , a consideration of great importance , whether the object sought to be attained was equivalent to the inconvenience arising from the agitation and alarm that had prevailed since the measure had been before the House . If there was any one subject more than another in which he thought it impolitic for the legislature to interfere without a real and absolute necessity , it was on religious subjects . However laudable the object of his noble friend might be , still it ought to be considered that the good to be attained by the change proposed was trifling , and that the inconvenience sustained in consequence of the agitation and alarm that prevailed , was very great . Under these 234 circumstances , he suggested to his noble friend the expediency of not proceeding any further , and of withdrawing the Bill . felt very forcibly the importance which must be attached to what had been stated by his noble friend , particularly as he knew that his noble friend spoke the sentiments of government upon this subject . Still , however , he did not think that his noble friend had made out a case to call upon him to withdraw his Bill . His noble friend had spoken of misconception and mistake , and certainly there had been much misinterpretation and misconception , but if the Bill was allowed to go into a Committee , every thing that had given rise to misconception might be remedied . The noble viscount was proceeding to explain the objects of the Bill , and his reasons for proposing it , hoping the House would indulge him , by allowing him to do so , when spoke to order , observing that no one could be more clearly convinced than himself , however he might differ with him in opinion upon this subject , of the purity of the motives by which his noble friend had been actuated . It was however irregular for his noble friend to enter into a discussion of the Bill at the present moment , when there were numerous Petitions against it to be presented , the regular course being to hear them first . said , he should not farther trouble the House at that time . It had not been his intention to take up their time long ; but he should reserve himself till the second reading , then more fully to explain himself . presented several other petitions , from different dissenting congregations in various parts of England , which were severally ordered to lie on the table . rose and said ,