were the principal inducements to the present bill ; but , he was sure his right hon . friend was not aware of this . But his right hon . friend thought it his duty to support this bill , because he supposed that it was meant to make the Bank resume their payments in cash . No such a word had fallen from a single member on that side of the House ; but he was surprized to find this adduced as a ground for his opinion to night , by his right hon . friend , who had lately been one of the most zealous in that House for declaring that the Bank should resume their payments in cash . He observed , however , that his right hon . friend did best when be came at rather a late hour . Then , though he might not have heard much of the argument , he commonly voted right , that was 1104 to say , with his friends ; but when he came at an early hour , though he might speak , he was apt , at times , to take the wrong side . His right hon . friend had cautioned them against trusting to prophecies , as he had failed in a great number . [ Mr. Sheridan said , no , he had not failed . ] Then he had succeeded . He then proceeded to notice certain predictions as to the consequences likely to result to the country from different measures , as they arose , and inferred that the greater part of them were accomplished , in the present distressed state of the credit of the country . No person had a higher opinion of the individuals connected with the bank , than he had ; but as a body , he did not think they did their duty . They were to take care of the public credit , and to hinder it from being unhinged ; but to this he thought they had not attended . Nothing , too , in his opinion , could justify them in continuing the restriction beyond what the public exigency required ; yet here the House had been debating a Bill of the nature of the present , with the greatest avidity , for weeks , and the Bank of England , as a body , had not given it a moment 's consideration , nor did it appear at that time what their opinion was . Of the individual directors who were members of that House , one supported the bill because it led to the enacting of a legal tender ; and the other supported it because it had exactly a contrary effect . He was sorry to see an hon . member ( Mr. Baring ) whose opinion on every subject of the kind was entitled to the highest respect , go out of '' his way to defend the principle of legal tender . It was something abhorrent to the ear . The very idea of compulsory paper was dreadful ; particularly , too , when it was not our own paper , but paper of which we did not know the value . He did agree with that hon . gent , that there was no room for despair . He might see things in a gloomy point of view . He agreed that the resources of the country might still be so laid out as to protect and secure her best interests ; but to ensure success the country must submit to great privations . When the whole heart 's core of England was safe there could be no ground for despair ; and for that very reason he was against the present bill ; for , if it were passed , our soundness from that moment was to be questioned . Never had such a silly unmeaning piece of paper , produced so much discussion . As to the clause relative to distress , he had no objec- 1105 tion to it , if it had been introduced into any other bill in itself deserving of