of the most disastrous nature : may the Almighty avert such dire calamities from this empire ; and that , as members of various religious communities , Protestants as well as Catholics , the petitioners disclaim all coercive laws concerning religious subjects , and they solemnly protest against the prolongation of a code founded in such coercion ; and , however different their respective mode of faith , yet they cordially concur in earnestly praying ) as the first and choicest blessing to Ireland , that those odious laws which inflict discord upon our country , and have long been reprobated by all humane and liberal men , may be altogether abandoned , and give place to such healing and conciliatory measures as shall restore to us the benefits of domestic union and tranquillity , efface even the remembrance of religious intolerance , and suffer not a vestige of it to remain in these islands ; and that the petitioners , therefore , seriously beseech the House , to repeal all and every the penal disabling and exclusive laws which aggrieve and injure the Roman Catholics of these realms , and to reinstate them effectually in the full participation of all the rights and benefits of the laws and constitution of this empire , equally and in common with their fellow subjects , without any distinction of religious communion . '' rose to call the attention of the House to the Petition of Mr. Mallison , presented by him yesterday , praying for an inquiry into the merits of an invention 273 for preserving the lives of seamen in cases of shipwreck , & c. The plan , he stated , had been brought forward two years ago , and the Treasurer of the Navy , he himself , and various others had subscribed , with a view to have the merits of the invention brought to the test . The result of the experiments was a favourable impression as to the utility of the plan . The invention was indeed very simple : it consisted merely of a piece of cork united by a strap , such as boys often swim upon . But the mode of application was new , and the simplicity of the thing was no good ground of objection to it . He had referred it to some naval friends , captains Ballantyne and Paget , who had tried it , and stated that it was effectual , for that no man who had it on could sink or drown . He therefore had thought it his duty to present the Petition yesterday , and he would now move for a Committee to take it into consideration . would not oppose the appointment of a Committee , if the House thought proper to agree to the motion ; but he would propose the names of some gentlemen connected with the Admiralty . This was in truth no invention at all . It was exactly what they had all often swam upon—two pieces of cork , with the addition indeed of a covering of green baize , and a strap instead of a rope . Of the 87 inventions presented to the Admiralty Board within these few years , this was the worst and the most simple . Colonel Hanger had presented a very ingenious one . The Admiralty stated to him , that his invention was completely effectual for keeping a man afloat ; but it was so cumbersome that he could do nothing else with it . He adverted to the furious attack made on the Admiralty Board by Mr. Mallison for their illegal and hellish opposition to his plan ; and concluded by stating , that it was too trifling for any gentleman to waste his time upon . had no doubt , that the invention was effectual to its object , though it was certainly a very simple one . But he did not think the simplicity of the invention a serious ground of objection . It was little else than the cork jacket in use long before ; but Mr. Mallison certainly appeared to have the merit of applying it to