speaking for himself , had only declared that `` in the estimation of the 109 public , '' Bank-notes and coin were equal , I his assurance would have gone but for little ; and I really can not see why , in adopting as he has done , the very words of the lottery advertisement , the right hon . gent , should decline adopting the advertiser 's test of his sincerity . I must however observe , that the right hon . gent , carries his doctrine somewhat farther than his prototype , the lottery office keeper . The advertisement is much more cautiously worded than the Resolution . The advertisement only affirms the equivalency of Bank notes to the `` current '' coin of the realm . The Resolution says , that they are equivalent to the `` legal '' coin . Now the assertion of the advertisement may be perfectly safe from contradiction , forasmuch as , `` current '' coin of the realm , there is at this moment , none . But the `` legal '' coin of the realm , though driven out of circulation , is capable of strict definition ; the right hon . gent . 's proposition therefore admits of a test , which the advertiser 's does not . To make his proposition perfect , the right hon . gent , ought to define both those things which he declares to be equivalent to each other . Bank notes he has defined in his second Resolution ; they are `` engagements to pay certain sums of money in the legal coin of this kingdom . '' But he has omitted to define the `` legal coin . '' With his leave I will venture to remind him that one pound in sterling money of this realm is either 20/21 of a guinea weighing not less than 5dwts , 8grs . standard fineness ; or it is 20/62 of a lb . of standard silver . Does the right hon . gent , object to either of those definitions If not , does he maintain his proposition of equivalency ? Does he maintain that a one pound note is equivalent to 20/21 of a lawful guinea , or to 20/62 of alb . of standard silver Does he not know that a guinea is intrinsically worth not a pound-note , with one shilling in addition , but with the addition of four or five shillings , at the present moment ; and that so far from purchasing nearly the third part of a lb . of standard silver , a Bank-note of 1l . would now purchase little more than the fourth part of it ? But the right hon . gent , warns us , that we overlook the force and real meaning of the word `` legal '' as employed in his Resolution . He alludes not to the laws which have fixed the standard , and which ensure the weight and purity of our coin ; but to those which provide by wholesome 110 penalties against the influence of its real upon its denominative value . The gold of a guinea may be worth what we will ; the Resolution applies only to the gold in a guinea . It does not say that a Bank note is worth as much as a guinea . It says only that the guinea can pass for no more than the bank note . It ties the living to the dead , and then pronounces them equal to each other . The gold which is necessary to constitute a guinea , may be worth twenty-six or twenty-seven shillings . The right hon . gent . 's business with it commences only when it has received the stamp and sanction of the sovereign . It is then that , degraded by this distinction , and restricted by this guarantee , it loses about a fifth of its value , and becomes worth only a one-pound note and one shilling . Be it so . This then may be the state of the law ; but how does this prove `` public