thing but by his Majesty 's ministers , it would be possible [ Here his lordship was interrupted by calls to order , and he was informed by the Speaker that if he persisted in his present course of argument he would incur the displeasure of the House . ] Lord Cochrane said he merely wished to shew that our present expense was useless , which would clearly appear to the House if they would take the trouble to inquire into the subject . He considered the waste of the public money in the way he was proceeding to point out , to be the real cause of the depreciation which they were discussing to had no motive in view , but the interest of his country . His standing in the navy rendered it impossible that he could have a view to be employed in the manner he had pointed out . He declared before God and upon his honour that if the gentlemen opposite who had called him to order believed that he had any private object to serve , they were mistaken . As he was not allowed to proceed on a subject which , if not strictly connected with the present question , yet was of importance to the interests of the country , he gave notice that he would take an early opportunity to call the attention of the 1094 House to the way in which the war had been conducted . He should then be prepared , he thought , to shew that the depreciation of the paper and the deficiency of coin had their origin in those causes which he had been prevented from noticing more fully—to wit , the profligate way in which ministers waste the resources of this country . was of opinion that the present measure , if not a cure , would be found the best palliative that could be applied to the existing evil . This was not denied even by those who were loudest in asserting the depreciation of the Bank note , and he should therefore vole for the Bill . considered the Bill as likely to be much more dangerous in its effects , than that practice which had caused it to be introduced , and which had been spoken of as tending to destroy all the bonds of civilized society . After some observations on its probable effects on the country banks , he concluded with observing , if they were obliged to pay in cash , instead of its being a disadvantage to this country , it would be the means of keeping within it the money which was now sent to France for her produce , and he was convinced that France would be obliged to send her produce here , and take our manufactures in exchange . said he should detain the House but for a short while upon some points which did not appear to him to have been touched upon before , and if , when he came to those points , the House disapproved of his proceeding , he would sit down . In his opinion this question should have been left untouched by the House , whether the paper was depreciated or not , while the public did not murmur . He regretted much that his right hon . friend next him ( Mr. Sheridan ) did not take up the subject , as he would much rather have attended to him than undertaken the task himself . The Restriction Bill in 1797 , like the present Bill , was declared to be temporary ; but how many temporary measures had , in the most insidious manner , been converted into perpetual measures ? It had been renewed from time to time , till we had got the present length , and till we did not know how to turn ourselves . He hoped the House would indulge him till he traced the steps by which the country had got into the present difficulties . He then went into a history of the several renewals of the Restric- 1095 tion Bill . The Bank , however ,