the appointment of a Committee up stairs ; but at this late period of the session , as it would be necessary , in order to give the necessary information to that Committee , to move for the production of a number of papers in Ireland , it was impossible to anticipate any benefit from a Committee . What he had to propose was , to leave the matter in the hands of the Irish government themselves , in the same way as the examination of the prison abuses had been entrusted to them , which he would follow as a precedent ; and he had no doubt that the consequence of such 752 examination would be the restoration of character to Mr. Mason . He should there fore move , '' That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , to institute an inquiry into the case of John St. John Mason , esq . who , in a Petition presented to this House on the 17th of May last , hath directly charged the government of the earl of Hardwicke , when he was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , with injustice and oppression towards him the said John St. John Mason . '' seconded the motion . As far as his noble relation and himself were concerned , they wished for investigation ; but there were a few points in the speech of the right hon . gent. , upon which he was desirous to make some observations . The right hon . gent . had said , that this was an instance of unexampled oppression ; this unexampled oppression , however , he had brought forward two or three times before , but had always appointed a late day for the discussion , and after several disappointments , submitted it at length almost on the last day of the session . Surely if the case did amount to an unexampled oppression , the right hon . gent . would not have , delayed so long . But the right hon . gent . had said , what the petition itself did not state , that the gentleman on , whose behalf ; he applied to the House , had been confined in a place described to be loathsome and abominable . The Report of the commissioners said the contrary . The right hon . gent . had also maintained , that if the grounds upon which any person was confined were not stated , individuals would be exposed to constant oppression : but the gentleman in question was confined under the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act and the argument , if good for any thing , would go against the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , which was not the point at issue . The fact was , that from the Revolution down , the Crown had constantly exercised such a power , for the purpose of prevention not of punishment . He approved of the wish manifested by the petitioner to retrieve his character ; it was honourable—and as it was proposed that government itself should give him the opportunity , he should feel himself guilty of an act of injustice were he to refuse . He hoped the intelligence he had received might prove to be false . Mr. Mason was taken up at the time when the detestable insurrection broke out , in 1803 , 753 and was released from prison before the Habeas Corpus suspension act expired . As far as his noble relation was concerned , he had no acquaintance with Mr. Mason , and therefore could not be suspected of any personal resentment towards him , or any wish to injure him as an individual . said that his right hon . friend who brought forward the motion was not acquainted with the time in which the petitioner was imprisoned . He ( Sir Evan Nepean ) was not in Ireland when Mr. Mason was taken into custody , but having arrived there shortly after , he had