with our own colonies . There was one article , however , which came under the head of timber , on which he thought it advisable to reduce the tax , the article of staves ; being so necessary to our export trade , and being capable of being supplied from our own colonies , he should in a great measure relieve them from the duty which , in the other case , he proposed to equalize with that of England . The next was a duty on cotton wool imported in foreign ships , which he would also desire to raise to the standard of England . At present the duty in England on cotton wool imported in foreign ships , was 1l . 5s . 11d . in the hundred weight , and the British ships , 10s . 6d . In Ireland it was much less , and the consequence of this difference was , that the timber brought to any of the ports of Ireland in foreign ships was put into British ships and sent to England , and the law by that means evaded . These were all the duties he should propose , and he would follow the example of his right hon . friend in removing the duty upon hats in Ireland.—He should be sorry to sit down , after the various reports that had gone abroad respecting the situation of the sister kingdom , if he did not endeavour to correct some misrepresentations as to the state of its prosperity . For this purpose he had procured an account of the imports and exports , which would put the subject in a clearer light . From these it appeared , that before the year 1802 the exports had never been known to rise above 7,000,000l . in 1808 they advanced to 10,000,000l . but in 1809 they failed ; again in 1810 they rose to 10,711,000l . and upon an , average of the last three years , they were upwards of 10,000,000l . annually . The foreign goods exported previous to 1802 had never exceeded 370,000l . but since that period the amount was progressively increasing , until , in 1810 , it advanced to 840,000l . and , in 1811 , to 920,000l . Upon she whole , the balance of trade was in our favour from the year 1802 , and in the last 225 year amounted to 2,189,000l The exchange had been steady for the last four or five years . If he were to go more at large into the situation of Ireland , he should state the increase of her tillage , which was so far improved that she had never exported so much corn as in the last two years . The linen trade was declining every where , but less there than any where else . The provision trade had rather fallen off , but there were quantities which went abroad and were distributed among the fleet , which never appeared in the books ; so that they should not be too hasty to condemn it as unsuccessful , from the accounts that appeared . Live cattle had been exported in great quantities , insomuch that it had risen from 5,000l . to 39,00l . or something near it . After the liberal reception which the proposal of his right hon . friend had met from the Committee , he should merely content himself with expressing his consciousness of the liberality of their conduct ; and at the same time of declaring his conviction that it would be received and remembered with gratitude by every Irishman . The whole conduct of the United Parliament towards Ireland with respect to pecuniary matters , had been marked with the greatest liberality . Sums had been readily voted for building churches , for promoting the residence of the clergy , for public institutions , for seminaries of education in Ireland . With regard to trade , warehouses had been extended , light-houses had been constructed ; in short , he did not know a single object that served to contribute to the prosperity , the morality ,