considerable length ; but he felt it impossible to refrain from expressing his repugnance to the tendency and principles of the measure under consideration . If the Bill possessed any merit , it was in being totally inadequate to the object which the supporters of it had in view , namely , to sustain a paper currency which was not exchangeable into any thing of intrinsic value . If parliament consented to this first proposition , they must proceed to measures of a still more injurious nature . They must be compelled ultimately to adopt the maximum , and to make Bank of England notes run the full career of French assignats . The effect of that clause which prevented the provisions of the Bill from extending to Ireland , would be to give to every guinea in Great Britain a free and unincumbered passage to that country . He warmly defended the conduct of the noble lord oh whose requisition to his tenantry the present measure affected to be founded . It 915 had been asked , whether that noble lord fulfilled his own contracts on the same terms as those which he exacted from others ? He had the means of knowing that he did . The noble lord had that very year paid 1,200l . in Banknotes , as the equivalent for an annuity of 1,000l . secured on his estates . It had been intimated that obstacles might be thrown in the way of those who sought in courts of law to recover that which was their fair right : he could not believe this . It was the business of the judges to administer the law ; and although some delays might be occasioned , yet judgment must be given , and the lawful money of the realm must be ultimately paid in the fulfilment of all contracts to that effect . This could be done only in two ways , either by the tenant 's buying bullion and sending it to the mint to be coined into guineas , or by his selling his corn for guineas only . In either case , two prices , a gold price and a paper price , would be produced , and thus lord King 's object would be gained . ( Hear , hear ! ) He was not pretending to enter into lord King 's motives , he was only showing the inadequacy of the Bill , to effect the objects for which it was framed . He repeated the eloquent passage in Burke 's reflections on the French Revolution , `` that our paper was all powerful on the Royal Exchange , because it was impotent in Westminster-hall ; '' and earnestly entreated the House to consider the expediency of endeavouring to bring the circulation of the country back to a state in which such an observation could be made with truth . The obvious remedy , he thought , was to restrain the issues of the Bank of England , to prevent the too frequent recurrence of mutual accommodations between the Bank and the government , and to adopt a resolution evincing the sense which parliament entertained of the existing evils , and their determination to compel the Bank as speedily as possible to resume cash payments . He extolled the conduct of an hon . and learned friend of his , then absent ( Mr. Horner ) and those who acted with him , for the manner in which they had originally brought the subject under the consideration of the public . They had shown the evil and had pointed out the cure . The hon . gent , concluded by declaring his determination , when the Bill should be in the Committee , to propose a clause by which the Bank should be restricted from issuing a larger number of notes than that at present in circulation . commented with some warmth upon the extraordinary auspices under which the present Bill had been introduced to the House , and the equally as extraordinary manner in which it had been at first resisted , and finally supported by his Majesty 's ministers