's sister Susannah , was open to great suspicion.—His lordship next animadverted upon the directions given by the earl of Berkeley as to the register of his eldest born son alter ( he second marriage . The clerk of the parish where this register was made had not only to produce the register itself , but had retained to this day the letter giving these directions , written in lord Berkeley 's own hand . The expressions of lady Berkeley , when circumstances should have most induced her to speak sincerely , 772 shewed she did not consider herself legally married , such as those which she , uttered to one of her children : `` You little dog , though I 'm not your father 's wife , I 'll let you know I am your mother . '' The marquis of Buckingham 's evidence was most material . The learned serjeant who had been counsel for the claimant , and who , under all the difficulties he had to encounter , had discharged his duty well , had been pleased to represent that lord Berkeley 's conduct to the marquis was a mere joke . But when lord Berkeley chooses to commission a friend to inform his brother that he considers his own children illegitimate , and proposes to unite one of them in marriage with his brother 's eldest son , that proceeding would , in his opinion , not permit the interpretation of a mere joke.—The noble and learned lord stated the purport of the evidence of the most material witnesses ; and independent of the presumption of law , and the want of probability in the testimony adduced to support the title of the claimant , there was , in his opinion , a much stronger body of evidence to shew the non-existence of any marriage in 1785 . The claimant had undertaken to prove , that , in which their lordships would be convinced he had completely failed . His lordship concluded by moving , by way of Resolution , That the Claimant had not made out his claim to the title , dignities , and honours of the earl of Berkeley , viscount Dursley , & c. strongly objected to the Amendment which went to extend the operation of the act to the Isle of Man . That country was particularly circumstanced , and subject to its own laws in those respects , which were regulated by its legislature , the House of Keys . Besides , he understood the principle of the Cessio Bonorum prevailed in the Isle of Man , nearly under the same regulations as in Scotland ; and he reminded their lordships that the Bill he had the honour to name , and to introduce , including such a regulation , was not ultimately countenanced by their lordships . The Amendment , under the circumstances , struck him as so objectionable , that he must beg leave to oppose it . argued in favour of the Amendment . He saw no reason why the inhabitants of the Isle of Man should be excluded from the legislative benevolence of the empire : and why the unfortunate persons confined for debt in that island should not participate in the benefits of the act . As to the objection that it was not usual for parliament to legislate for that island , he begged leave to recall to the noble and learned lord 's recollection , that there were numerous acts , in which that country was included ; and he deprecated any alterations , which now , just at the close of the session , might prove fatal to the Bill . explained , that the acts alluded to by the noble baron did not relate to the internal affairs of the Isle of Man ; they only went to legislate externally . He also observed , that the present Bill was understood to be only a temporary remedy , and to be , in every respect , like the act of the last year . A message was afterwards sent to the Commons desiring a Conference with that House ,