capable towards his country and the community . He was at a loss to conceive that those persons by whom that conduct had been so highly praised , could be sincere in the panegyrics they bestowed upon it ; or could even seriously think of advising or encouraging the imitation of any conduct which must prove so prejudicial to the country at large , and so oppressive in particular to the tenantry ; for surely they should first have examined the propriety of such conduct , before they held it up as an object of praise and admiration , as a proof of patriotism so commendable in itself , and so worthy the imitation of those who could aspire to emulate so glorious an example . He had already observed , and he would now repeat it , that he did not at first consider the example of such a conduct as very dangerous , because he did not then apprehend that it would be acted upon to any extent : yet when he began to contemplate the danger which might arise while parliament was not sitting , from an example which had been so emphatically eulogised , as to make it solicit and tempt imitation then , and not 976 till then , did he feel the expediency and propriety of adopting some counteracting measure , before the session of parliament finally closed . For what , among others , might be its consequences—the country bankers might first be applied to , und not being able to pay in specie , they would be obliged to shut up shop . What disorder , distress , and confusion this would produce all over the country , it was more easy to conceive than to devise a remedy against ; but it might be among the first advantages and blessings that might result from this praiseworthy conduct , this patriotic experiment . The conduct of lord King was defended by an hon . and learned gentleman on the ground that it was meant only ; as a practical experiment of two prices , as a proof at least that there actually existed two prices . It was not gold that the noble lord wanted ; it was not his own individual interest and emolument he was anxious to promote ; no—his sole object was to establish his theory of two prices . What a strange defence of the noble lord 's conduct ! Nor did the learned and hon . gentleman confine himself to the law and equity of lord King , or to how lord King would act himself in this respect ; but be proceeded also to shew how others might act on the same rule . But the House would consider how the noble lord limited his law—how he intended to act agreeably to contract . At the period of some of these contracts was the current coin more or less than it was now ? The contract was made according to the current coin of the day ; and the current coin was then only equivalent to paper ; why should not paper be equivalent to coin in respect to such contracts ? Was not one as much justified in law as the other ? This was a question to settle , and parliament , he thought , should not separate before something was done to settle it . The hon . and learned gent , had thought proper to represent him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) as one of the most lucky men that had ever held the situation in which he bad now the honour to be placed . By mere good fortune every thing turned out just as he could wish . He had in contemplation the measure now before the House ; but he was puzzled how to bring it forward . But as his good fortune would have it , lord King came forward , with his late notice , and relieved him from the perplexity . Such , no doubt , was his familiarity with lord King , and such his influence over that noble lord , that he