is it ? Perhaps , I shall be warned that this argument proves too much ; for that the depreciation here established would be that of the lawful coin of the realm , —not of the paper currency , of which alone the depreciation is asserted . I answer , —the depreciation of the lawful coin in respect to the dollar is effected through the medium of the paper , if the crown piece and the dollar circulated together without the intervention of the pa per , it would be impossible that they should bear to each other , any other relation than that which arises naturally from their respective intrinsic values . It is by the intervention of the paper , which measures the one according to its nominal , the other according to its intrinsic value , that this relation is forcibly inverted , and the more valuable is degraded below the less valuable coin . I shall probably be told , however , that the dollar is a mere token ; it is no more than a promissory note in silver , which no man is bound to accept in payment this 105 is perfectly true : but it is a singular argument to be relied upon by the practical school , —since it is no less true that the dollar , such as it is , constitutes in fact by far the greater part of the metallic currency now in circulation . In the same way it has been argued , that a Bank note is not a legal tender , that no man is bound to take a Bank note from his neighbour in satisfaction of a just de to This also is true : but it is no less so that he public creditor is bound to receive Bank notes , or at least can get nothing else , in payment of his demand upon the slate ; and it seems to be no great consultation to the public creditor be assured that what he is compelled to take from the government , nobody is compellable to take from him . This being then practically the state of our currency , what satisfaction , I must again ask , does the first Resolution of the right hon . gent , afford to those who complain of the depreciation of Bank paper , by stating , and stating as it appears , incorrectly , the money prerogatives of the crown : —prerogatives which , in respect to the bulk of our currency , —the paper , —have no operation at all ; and which in respect to the small portion of metallic currency which we possess , have been suffered to be dormant and passive , while that currency has been regulated by another authority on principles directly contrary to those by which the crown must have been guided in giving currency to a foreign coin ? This Resolution therefore the House of Commons can not but reject : first , because it is defective as a definition of the prerogative which it affects to define ; secondly , because it is wholly inapplicable to the only points about which there is any dispute , namely . Bank paper , which is out of the province of the prerogative ; and the foreign silver currency , of which in fact it has taken no cognizance ; and lastly , because is calculated , by implication at least , to exclude parliament from ell share in the regulation of a subject in which , in all good times , parliament has claimed it as a right , and felt it a duty to interfere , whenever the occasion has called for its interference . It is impossible to pass over the second Resolution without observing , that it remains liable to the objection which I took the liberty of making to it in a former debate . The words `` on demand '' are still omitted : I trust , the right hon . gent , intends to supply this omission , I must 106 say , that the persisting in it would afford just ground