Spencer respecting the reasons assigned by Mr. Pitt for his resignation . He also stated , that no specific pledge had been given at the Union . rose , and with considerable animation said , that he felt the call on the friends of Mr. Pitt in that House irresistible . The substance of what the noble and learned lord had said was , that he was satisfied that other causes than those which Mr. Pitt had himself assigned publicly produced his resignation . Now , he would appeal to all , not only to those who like himself were attached to that person by the ties of friendship and of blood ; to those who were attached to him by long official connection , and friendly intercourse ; but also to those present who differed with him through almost all his political life , whether he had left that character behind him , which could give credit to an imputation , that in that awful moment of our public affairs he deserted his duty to his king , to his country , and to the whole civilized world , on motives different from those of which he had distinctly made the public avowal ? That illustrious character was now dead , and in-capable of repelling the charge . The noble lord , though he felt himself inadequate to do it as he wished , yet conceived it his duty to attempt it . He left it to any man , particularly to the friends of that great statesman , to say , what other reason they had ever heard him assign . The mind of his departed friend was peculiarly undisguised ; he had lived with him not only in daily intercourse of business , but in exchange of private friendship ; and he could have no possible suspicion of any other grounds of retirement than those agreed on between Mr. Pitt and himself , and which they had so stated to the two Houses of Parliament , namely that they found themselves unable to propose to parliament , with the sanction of government , a measure of great benefit , and indispensable duty ; more particularly so at that important period . It was not merely the general question that they were then to bring forward , but the great object , was , the taking the time in all re- 676 spects the most favourable for carrying the measure into execution . The great opportunity was lost by the misguided counsels , and the wicked misconceptions imposed on the mind of the sovereign . An opportunity was thus lost that would never be restored . He did not , however , despond ; he believed the period of success to be fast approaching , as the nature of the question was more more understood ; but when accomplished , it could not be expected to produce one half of the advantages that it must have produced , had the councils of Mr. Pitt on that subject been followed at that auspicious moment . His own sentiments were so well known on this question , that when he came into the House , he little thought he should find it necessary to do more than to express his opinions by his vote : but what he had heard from the noble and learned lord compelled him to rise , and repel a blackening charge against the memory of his departed friend utterly groundless . He should sincerely vote for the present motion . said , that he had always entertained so sincere and rooted an opinion upon this subject , that though he might expose himself to be called a bigot , he would never suffer the motion for going into a Committee upon it to pass , without declaring his sentiments . He was grieved exceedingly at much of what had already taken place during this debate . He rose merely to re-state his former opinions . The noble lord who spoke last had lamented that this measure had not been carried after the Union , and had spoken of the opinions of the late Mr. Pitt