is the sole author of them . There was not now a community of states in Europe , connected by the solemnity and sanction of public law , protecting and protected by the influence of the principles of equal justice , and a mutual sense of reciprocal rights ; there was but one devouring state , that swallowed up every one that it could bring within its grasp , and that so far from respecting the rights and independence of other nations , reduced all to indiscriminate subjection , rendering them alike subservient to its designs against this country . Buonaparte now dictated to all the nations of the continent , and had erased every vestige of public law in Europe . He could not but be surprised then , to find gentlemen , when censuring a measure which had proved the salvation . 283 of the country , [ hear , hear ! ] —he should repeat , that it had saved us from the imminent dangers that menaced us , and therefore it was that he was surprised to hear gentlemen compare such a measure with antiquated crimes in which we had no share , for which we had incurred no responsibility . Was it to be contended ; that in a moment of imminent danger and impending necessity , we should have abstained from that course which prudence and policy dictated , in order to meet and avert those calamities that threatened our security and existence , because if we sunk under the pressure , we should have the consolation of having the authority of Puffendorf to plead ? But the conduct that had been adopted on this occasion , was not without precedent or example . In the , year 1801 , the island of Madeira had been taken possesion of by our government for fear it should fall into the hands of the French . Yet Portugal was a neutral nation , and had always , by way of pre-eminence , been styled the old and ancient ally of England . The capture of Madeira had been effected without any previous communication to the court of Lisbon . Undoubtedly , instructions had been sent to our minister at the court of Lisbon , to request that an order should he sent to the governor to surrender the island in good will . The instructions arrived at Lisbon about the time that the troops arrived at Madeira , and the island was consequently taken by force , before any orders could have been sent out to surrender it . Where had Portugal at that time a fleet that could convey troops for the invasion of these islands , or if she had that fleet , what expedition could be sent by her that would not be defeated by the valour and intrepidity of our seamen ? He did not mean to condemn the capture of that island , because he knew that it might be , and he had no doubt that it was , justifiable upon the grounds of probable necessity ; he adverted to the transaction only as a defence against the generality of the charge . But this was not the only instance in which such conduct had been practised to neutral states , in which it had been used towards neutral and friendly powers ; nay , even , there was an instance in which it had been adopted by morality itself towards a friendly state . In the year 1806 , there had been reports of its being the intention of the French government to invade Portugal . He had himself no doubt of the perpetual intention of the French 284 government to prosecute that purpose , and he did not question that the design might have been in contemplation at that time , but it did not appear that any army was assembled for the purpose at Bayonne . He admired the conduct which had been adopted by the late ministers on the occasion , he applauded their spirit , and he felt gratitude for the manner in which their proceeding enabled him to meet the general question on this