possession of a flagrant instance of misappropriation , and who knew that the hon . knight was in his place to defend himself , had stated that instance . Having heard the hon . captain 's answer , in which he did not deny the accusation , an accusation founded not loosely , but on recorded facts , it appeared to him , and he was justified in arguing that the subject ought to be most narrowly investigated . With regard to the subject more immediately before the house , if the Droits were originally his majesty 's undoubted right , still in progress of many wars , they might have amounted to such a sum , that it would be necessary to revise the right , and to say whether or not it was sate to trust the disposal of so much money out of the controul of parliament . He should add only a few words on that part of the question which related to the application of the money arising from these Droits . He had no hesitation in saying , that he not only did not censure , but he cordially concurred in , and approved of that part of the application this day avowed by his majesty 's Judge Advocate , namely , his majesty 's gracious gifts to the younger branches of his illustrious family . So far was he from objecting to these acts of his majesty 's paternal generosity , that he lamented that his majesty 's royal munificence had been confined to the younger branches of his august family . Had the heir apparent participated in it , he believed the house and the country would have not merely been satisfied , but gratified ; for never must it be forgotten , that the prince had an unliquidated claim , which , greatly to his honour , feeling for the public burthen and the difficulty of the times , had been , by his royal highness 's express desire , suspended , but not abandoned ; he meant the arrears of the Duchy of Cornwall : that debt still remained indisputably due , either from the 456 sovereign or the public ; and , towards the discharge of that debt , he could not conceive an application of the funds now under discussion , more grateful to the people , than in part directing them towards that object . His majesty 's munificence towards the younger branches of his august family , was an act of bounty , in the latter case it would be an act , not of bounty merely , but of justice . said , that this property was not property condemned to the crown , but came by a forfeiture , which on good grounds might justly be remitted . The ground on which he recommended the grant to the hon . captain , was this . He had gone to Ostend , and from that sailed under a foreign flag to India . If he was restrained as a British subject from doing so by the law of his country , unquestionably this was a violation of it . But it was perfectly well known to the Indian government , that he was there , and it was the policy at that time to encourage exportation from India in foreign vessels . Whatever offence had been committed , was against the East India Company , and as they had by implication remitted it , he thought himself justified in recommending the remission of the forfeiture . called the right hon . gent . to order , as he was entering upon a defence of the hon . captain , instead of confining himself to the facts fur his own justification.— Some discussion arose here about the question under discussion , whether it was the original motion or the amendment suggested by the chancellor of the exchequer , and in some measure assented to . said , he thought the debate should proceed on the original motion ; for he was sure the hon . baronet who made it , wished to have a full and