was to be attributed . He therefore most decidedly objected to the resolution proposed ; first , because he thought it would be acknowledging that we had done a wrong , when in fact we had done no wrong ; and , 2dly , instead of leading to a peace , he thought it would shut the door to peace , by engaging ourselves , as a preliminary , to give up that which neither justice required , nor security permitted to be given up . differed entirely from the sentiments of the noble lord who spoke last , and found himself called upon to support the motion . As to the cases referred to by the noble lord , as bearing a near analogy to the present , he must say that he did not see that analogy . He had often heard it said , that there was nothing more dissimilar than a simile , and he thought the noble lord had given an in , stance of the truth of that saying , by the cases which he had quoted . The case of the Spanish frigates , taken at the beginning of the war , was as unlike it as any case could be , for we had against Spain , at that time , at least reasonable ground of war . He , for another reason , never approved of the seizure or those frigates . This country had so much encouraged that particular sort of trade by licences , that he thought it unjust to seize upon as a prey , that property which was probably coming home on the faith of our implied permission.—As to the ships taken at Toulon , they were taken from a nation with Whom we were at war ; and although , we were assisted in the capture by Frenchmen , who were adverse to the government then subsisting , yet there could be no pretence for 649 requiring those ships to be giving back again to France , except that we entered into an agreement with Frenchmen in opposition to the then subsisting government , by which we engaged to restore the ships to Louis XVIII when he should be restored to the throne of France . It could hardly be contended that such an agreement , either by its letter or its spirit , bound us to give back the ships to other persons than those for whom we took them in trust . The case of the capture of the Danish fleet was totally different , as it was taken not from enemies but from neutrals . In considering the propriety of adopting the present resolution , he should argue on the ground of the necessity being completely acknowledged , although his own opinion of it was very different . If he were to decline however , stating what his opinion was of the justice and policy of the measure , he feared he should be thought to be , in some measure , coquetting with the house . He.should therefore declare , that , in his opinion , there was no act that had ever been committed by the government of this country , which so much disgraced its character and stained its honour ; and , as an Englishman , he felt dishonoured , whenever the national honour was tarnished . He could not avoid reprobating in severe terms the expedition to Copenhagen it reminded him of The ill omened bark , Built in th ' eclipse , and rigg 'd with curses dark . He thought the object it had in view was most unjustifiable , and that even in the success of that object , it would bring great calamity upon the country . When it was attempted to be justified on the plea of necessity , it should be recollected , that by that word was meant an urgent necessity , and not a mere predominating convenience . It appeared to him , that many persons considered it justification enough to say , that it was very convenient for the country , in this instance , to appropriate to itself