15,000,000l . he believed about two-thirds of that amount were sent to the continent of Europe ; if this trade was destroyed , would it not by the decrease of price greatly reduce the value of the remaining third exported to this country ? He believed , that upon calculation , the remaining third could not then be estimated at more than 2,000,000l . in value ; and how in this case were the American traders to pay the debts due to the merchants aid manufacturers of this country ? If it was conceived , however , that France would relax her decrees , and a trade be carried on to her ports under these restriction , still the government of that country , by means of countervailing duties , might throw back as great a burden upon us as our duties would be to them . Suppose we imposed a duty of ten per cent . on articles carried circuitously through this country to France ; that country might impose a duty on the commodities sent in return , and might give the produce of that duty as a compensation to those who paid the additional duty imposed by us , and thus the object of the Orders , that of distressing France , would be defeated . Could it , however , seriously be believed , that enhancing the price of sugar , ginger , pepper , and other articles , would have that important effect which was imputed to this measure ? What , besides , was the comparative disadvantage with which we entered into this new and unprecedented species of warfare ; France could support her population by her own produce ; it was calculated by Mr. Hume , that in his time , sixteen persons out of twenty in France , drew their support from agriculture and commerce ; whilst in this country , fifteen out of twenty of the population drew their support from commerce and manufactures , and the produce of the country was not sufficient to support the population ; this was proved by the statement , that during the years 1804 , 5 , 6 , we imported 517,000 quarters of wheat , oats at the rate of 180,000 quarters , and barley 50,000 . How seriously then , would such a mode of warfare injure this country , whilst it would comparatively do little injury to France ! In every point of view , 1238 he could not but consider this measure as ruinous and destructive , and tending more immediately to increase a clamour for peace , and thereby to embarrass the country , by means of the great injury which it inflicted upon our manufactures . His lordship concluded by moving the following Resolutions : — '' That the unprecedented commercial warfare in which his majesty had been advised to involve this country , by his late Orders in Council , must be peculiarly injurious to a nation whose extended concerns give her an interest , more or less direct , in all the mercantile transactions of the world.—That it appears to this house , that the system adopted by the said Orders , threatens the immediate extinction of maritime commerce ; for while , on the one hand , the navy of G. Britain will , in a great measure , prevent all communication with the continent of Europe , except through this country and her allies ; it can not be doubted that the armies of France , and of the nations under her subjection , may , on the other hand , easily put an end to any such direct intercourse between this country and the continent.—That such annihilation of all maritime commerce , whilst it must totally exclude the produce and manufactures of this island from a foreign market , will leave to our enemies those means of trading in the produce and manufactures of the continent , which the land-carriage and internal navigation of such extensive countries must afford ; means which their industry , urged by the necessity of the case , must rapidly improve and extend.—That it appears to this house