thereby precluded , in point of form , from bringing forward exactly the same measure this session . It was on 1330 this account , that he had brought in a bill ' with a limitation in point of time . If this was carried , it would at least secure one object , namely , the prevention of any new grant during the limited period , which might affect the proceedings of the committee . With respect to the great measure of absolutely restricting the crown from granting Offices in Reversion , his object was now to proceed in the most conciliating manner possible , without sacrificing the principle of the measure . In opening his views as to the limitation of time , he thought it in vain to propose a longer period than that which had been proposed in the house of lords . This period ( two years ) was too short in his opinion ; but if he were to introduce a longer period , he rather feared it would cut off all chance of the passing of the bill , and disturb the harmony of the two houses . But it had been suggested to him , that this period of two years would be the most offensive that could be introduced , for it was exactly that which the lords themselves had rejected . This consideration had determined him to relinquish this period , and to propose one which he hoped would be equally useful , without subjecting the bill to so much risk . He intended , therefore , that the blank should be filled up , with a provision that the bill should be in force for one year from the passing of the act , and from the close of that period to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the subsequent session of parliament . This would secure the remaining part of the present session , the whole of the next session , and six weeks of the session following . He hoped the house would be satisfied with this at present , with the understanding , that they gave up no part of the principle ; but still looked forward to the further object of having the measure rendered permanent . The term would be sufficient for some of the purposes which the committee had in view , and therefore was applicable to the situation in which the house had been placed . He had heard that some objection had been taken , on the ground that the reasons for the bill had not been stated in the preamble . In the spirit of conciliation which he wished to preserve , he would move that it should be stated in the preamble , that the measure was connected with something at present pending in the house of commons , and that the words , 'suspended for a limited time , ' should be substituted for the absolute pro- 1331 hibition . He hoped the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer would see that he was disposed to go every possible length for the sake of harmony . His right hon . friend had before stated , that he had no objection to the measure , though he did not think it of much consequence . The object of the amendments of which he had given notice , must therefore have been to render the measure different from what it was before , so that it might meet with no opposition in point of form . As the alteration which he proposed would answer the intended purpose , he hoped his right hon . friend would not persist in his amendments , which he could not agree to . was unwilling that the house , in pursuit of the measure which it thought necessary to be adopted on this occasion , should send back to the lords a bill so entirely similar to that they had before rejected , that their concurrence could not possibly , with any regard to their forms or consistency , be expected . On this ground , he had ,