a poor button-maker , and that it was impossible that she could have been worse fed in prison than she would have been at home ! expressed his astonishment that the report moved for was said to corroborate the allegations of the petition . It , on the contrary , contradicted them , both as to the getting the woman with child in the prison , and as to the weight of the bread . He preferred a committee of the house to a commission by government , because , he frankly owned , that it would be more satisfactory to the public . repeated his desire to have a parliamentary committee in the first instance , and proposed to read a list , which his hon . friend would find to be candidly formed . wished to propose a list of his own . In addition to the other cases of abuse , he would mention that of a foreigner , who was insane , and who had been beaten and confined to a cell . said , this foreigner , who was committed to prison for being a spy , was not confined to a cell , and there was every reason to suspect that his derangement was counterfeited . could say nothing as to the treatment of that foreigner , but his commitment was perfectly just and proper ; and it was necessary he . should not leave this country , as he had information that would affect the lives of others . said , that he could not go the length of owning , that he should be perfectly satisfied though the report of the present state of the prison should be favourable , for he could not forget that Aris himself had confessed , that he had borrowed money of his prisoners , beat them , whipped them , and taken bribes from them . There was something mysterious in the support which this gaoler had received . He was notoriously a bad .character . A dramatist , he recollected , had exhibited a lawyer who had been entrapped into a good action , as desperately 1178 afraid lest he should be ruined , as he lived by the badness of his character . Aris , however , had no occasion , to be alarmed on this head . He had first embezzled the parish money , and then the parish put him in this situation in hopes of recovering it . This system of solitary confinement was one of the experiments established in consequence of the representations of the celebrated Howard . But it had completely failed in this instance , for the plan had never been carried on under the regulations and restrictions which Howard had proposed . It would be better to revert again to the old constitutional system . agreed , that there had been neglect somewhere , as nothing had been done upon the report of the former commissioners ; but the administration had no connection with the gaoler . He thought that a commission by government was the best mode of proceeding in the first instance . thought that , under the circumstances of this case , a parliamentary commission would be preferable . said , that many happy effects had resulted from this system , though it might be liable to abuse . He thought it would be better to take this matter out of the reach of party feelings , and submit it to such magistrates and others as had bestowed considerable attention upon the subject . He therefore preferred a government commission . said , he had visited the prison , and found every thing in the best order . said , that there was something mysterious in the circumstance , that nothing had been done upon the report of the former commission . He suspected that party feeling had had a great deal more weight than it ought to have had in that affair . He expressed his preference of the mode of a committee of the house.—Mr . Brand and sir John Newport also aruged in favour of a committee . The motion for