been the very last to cry out at any attempts to prejudice the public mind.—All attempts , however , of the sort he utterly disclaimed for his part ; and he equally denied the knowledge of any such by any other person.—Having premised thus much , the noble lord proceeded to his Charges against the noble marquis , to which he entreated the serious attention of the house . If he should not be able to establish this case , no man would more sincerely regret than himself that he had ever trespassed upon the time of the house ; but should he be able to sustain his case , he trusted the 994 house would give to it the gravest consideration , and adopt those measures which a sense of public justice and national honour should dictate , unbiassed by feelings of favour or prejudice . The noble lord then proceeded to recapitulate the circumstances , under , which the interference of marquis Wellesley in the affairs of the reigning Nabob of Oude originated ; which interference terminated in the violation of a solemn treaty between the East India Company and the Nabob , and , by depriving that prince of all authority whatever and controul within his own dominions , left him entirely at the mercy of the East India Company . In this case , the house were called on to judge between the noble marquis and the nabob ; but he begged the house to recollect , that , in truth , there was only one party before them . The marquis Wellesley had every advantage . The case was to be tried on his own grounds : the only documents , his own account of the transaction . He was before the house , if not in person , at least represented by friends and relations , persons bound to him by ties of blood , by friendship , by services , by obligations . The nabob , on the other hand , had no representative but such as the justice of his cause and the cruelty of the oppression he had suffered had called forth . He had no means of telling his story ; no opportunity of producing his proofs . The house ought to look with a partial and indulgent eye to his case . However , as the advocate of the nabob ; he asked for nothing but justice ; sheer naked justice— justice founded on the facts as lord Wellesley had himself related them ; and he was sure that , if the house would but give a fair hearing to the case , these facts thus detailed would be sufficient to induce the house to mark , with the severest reprobation , the conduct of the noble marquis : he hoped , too , to afford some relief and mitigation to the unfortunate nabob.—Lord Folkestone then proceeded to comment upon the treatment which the nabob had experienced from the hands of lord Wellesley , as detailed in the papers on the table of the house ; and , taking the course he had pursued in his Resolutions , to make good the grounds , on which they were founded.—In 1798 , the nabob ascended the musnud of the Province of Oude , and on that occasion entered into a treaty with the . East India Company ; which , being the last compact between the two powers , must be considered as the rule of their future connec- 995 tion . It was a gross disgraceful breach of that treaty with which lord Wellesley was charged—a breach unaccompanied by any circumstances of excuse or palliation , inasmuch as the other party , the nabob , on his side ever showed himself a scrupulous and attentive observer of all the provisions of it.—The treaty of 1798 provided , that the entire defence of the territories of Oude , as well against internal , as against external enemies , was to rest with the Company , in return for which the nabob was to pay , by monthly instalments , an annual subsidy of 76 lacks of rupees , or 912,000l