for him to make some observations on the speech which the noble lord had just delivered . That speech was principally divided into two heads : first , respecting the Russian mediation , and the conduct of the present ministers upon the subject ; secondly , the noble lord had thought it necessary to go at considerate length into an apology or defence of the late ministers front the charges which had been made against them by persons in this country , and by the Russian Declaration , which charged the government of this country with neglecting to co-operate with their allies on the continent . As to the first point , namely , the Russian mediation , he 439 must state that his majesty 's present ministers never disguised or concealed the desire they had to conclude a peace with France , if such a peace could be concluded on fair and honourable terms , and should extend to his majesty 's allies , as well as to his own territories . If they had thought such a peace could have been obtained through the Russian mediation , they would have gladly embraced it ; but it was well known that Russia had , at the treaty of Tilsit , entered into secret articles , which they could not doubt were directed against the interests of this country , or perhaps against the existence of some of the powers who were allies of his majesty . The Russian minister the baron de Budberg himself did not deny that there were secret articles prejudicial to this country . He would not , however , state what those articles were , but only said , 'that , upon his honour , the shutting of the Russian ports against the English trade was not one . ' Under these circumstances , his majesty 's ministers thought it necessary to ask what was the basis , on which it was proposed to make peace , . and what were these secret articles in the treaty of Tilsit ? They thought that if either the basis was inadmissible , or that these secret articles went directly to the prejudice of his majesty , or his allies , in such case it would be idle and dangerous to carry on a mock negociation for peace , which could not produce any beneficial effect , but which would prove delusive to the hopes , and prejudicial to the interests of this country . If an honourable peace could be made , his majesty 's ministers would be glad to conclude it , but if the thing was impossible , they thought it dangerous to hold out false hopes to the country . No peace could be honourable to this country which would surrender its allies to the enemy ; and as the secret articles of the treaty must be supposed to be directed either against his majesty , or his allies , it appeared to his majesty 's ministers , that it was absolutely necessary that they should have some information on that subject before they could consent to have the country lulled into the idea that they were to expect peace.—As to the second point in the speech of the noble lord , the apology that he thought it necessary to make for the late ministers from the charges in the Russian Declaration , which appeared to him to be countenanced by his majesty 's present ministers ; he should first observe , that there was no public document or offi- 440 cial paper to be found , in which his majesty 's ministers had countenanced or supported those charges . If , however , he was called upon to pronounce an opinion , it would be hypocritical in him to deny , that he thought the late ministers acted in many points from a very different view of the subject from that which was entertained by the present ministers . There were many points in which he agreed with what had been stated by the noble lord , and some in which he differed . He agreed with him in thinking that the late