considered the principle of those Orders to have been fully discussed , and their execution approved of by the assent of parliament.—Lords Erskine , Auckland , and earl Grey , supported the motion , and contended that the law of the land had been violated without any ground of necessity that could entitle ministers to ask parliament for a Bill of Indemnity.—The motion was then put and negatived . [ PROTEST . ] Against the rejection of the above motion of the earl of Carlisle , the following Protest was entered in the Journals : viz . `` Dissentient—Because the proposition stated in this motion is evidently and undeniably true.—We conceive the Proper mode of interpreting the laws of our country , and the acts of its government , to be according to the plain sense of the words therein contained. , —The Words of the Order stated in the motion expressly declare , That the articles therein mentioned may be exported to certain . places there referred to ; and the statute of the seventh of his present majesty does , in terms equally explicit , prohibit such exportation.— `` And we conceive that any case of an Order issued by his majesty in council , contrary to the statute law of the realm , is a matter of such importance as to require the most serious attention of this house . ( Signed ) Carlisle , Grenville , Erskine , Spencer , Lauderdale , Gray , Auckland , Wentworth , Fitzwilliam . '' rose and observed , that out of regard to the convenience of others , he had more than once postponed his motion ; and there were many considerations which made against its being brought forward at so late an hour . But even if the hour 737 were later , he would now persevere , and submit to the house a proposition which appeared to him of the first importance . In rising , however , to lay that , proposition before them , and to state the reasons on which it was founded , he confessed , at the outset , that he entertained no very sanguine hopes of success . He had no very sanguine hopes of success , because he had seen that motions founded certainly on as strong reasons as he could possibly urge , had been negatived ; because he had observed a very peremptory determination on the part of ministers , and a very pliant acquiescence on the part of the house , to refuse the most essential information on the most important points . His hopes were , besides , not sanguine , because he had communicated the subject of his motion to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , at his request , and had received no very flattering expectations of a favourable result ; and one could not help remarking that in proportion as the ministers manifested a determined obstinacy in withholding information , they insisted upon the courtesy of having previous notice of the different motions brought forward , under the pretence of putting them in a better shape ; but he much apprehended , rather with a view , to have a more exact knowledge of the particular subject of each , in order to defeat their object.—The house being , then , disposed to agree so far with ministers in denying all material information , he did not think it necessary to detain them long , and he would tell them why ; the house had never yet been pledged in any direct approbation or censure of the measures respecting Denmark . Ministers had , indeed , with a great deal of craft , on the different applications for information , turned the discussions to the question of the merits . In the motion which he had to submit to the house , he might take advantage of this practice , and enter at large into the general subject . But of this opportunity he was not disposed to avail himself , since an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sharpe ) had given notice of a motion which