emperor would be no longer what it is now . By your resistance you created , and by continuing to resist , you . consolidate that power . It is the contest of the wind and the sun ; by urging the tempest of war against him , you bind faster all those ties , which have placed the different powers of the earth under his controul ; the genial influence of peace would tend gradually to disunite and to dissolve them . Look at the map of Europe and see whether the arrangements that he has made , and those which he is about to make , are not such as must create in themselves a division of interests , amongst the persons who obtain those possessions , from whatever family sprung , or however united by blood or otherwise . In process of time new combinations must arise : and , there are upon the continent the elements of great powers , which may at a proper time be called into action . There will be the means of resisting the power of France hereafter , provided France should shew herself incapable of maintaining the relations of peace and amity . Give them but time to breathe , and they may be beneficially and effectually used . The existence of one great man , at any period of the world , changes the whole face of human affairs . Great men have indeed existed in our day , but their warnings have been disregarded . If the advice of the gallant and patriotic Archduke Charles had been taken , the last coalition would never have been formed , and Austria would have remained that great power , 853 which she was subsequent to the peace of Luneville . If the admonitions of Mr. Fox had been attended to , the bloody tragedy of the French revolution would never have been acted ; Buonaparte would never have been emperor of the French , `` he would not have had kingdoms prostrate at his feet , and the population of nations under his banners . '' Having petitioned the name of Mr. Fox , I willingly acknowledge myself his true and genuine disciple . I am only feebly urging the sentiments which he would have forcibly uttered , had he not been unhappily taken from us . I trust that I am treading in his footsteps ; would to God that his countenance were now upon me ! would to God , this humble effort over , I could feel myself as I have often done , secure under the impenetrable egis of his eloquence ! How bitter is the reflection ! Had this country but hearkened to his prophetic voice , all the horrors which have passed during the last fifteen years , would have been averted ; prophetic I may truly call it , for there is not one of his predictions which has not been exactly verified . The period of delusion is now at an end . We can no longer entertain any expectation of intestine convulsion in France ; we can no longer flatter ourselves with the hope , that the moment Buonaparte quits Paris , some terrible commotion will take place . We have seen the capital , nay all France emptied of soldiers , and the whole country tranquil . We can no longer hope for a general revolt produced by the supposed misery of the people , groaning under the oppression of his tyranny . Sir , I believe that an impartial observer , in travelling through France , ( at least from all the information I have received , it is so ) , would find that the situation of the inhabitants of the country , is improved rather than deteriorated , since it fell under his dominion . We can no longer hope , that the soldiery , discontented with the distant expeditions to which he has led them , will be excited to a spirit of mutiny against him . We can no longer hope that the countries which he has conquered will rise in one general mass ,