been spared by this country , effect against the population of France ? It would be to send them to certain captivity or destruction , for within three days , three times their number might be collected against them . Was it in Holland that this diversion was to be attempted ? Independant of the difficulty of establishing magazines , there were other obstacles to the effecting a descent in that country . The season rendered access to the coast almost impossible , and there was no strong place under cover of which the army could take post . Was it within the Baltic that this diversion was to take place ? He would put it to the noble lord ( Mulgrave , ) both in his military and nautical capacity , to declare , whether , after the Russians had been driven across the Vistula , any descent could have been attempted with the smallest chance of success , on the coast of Denmark . Stralsund was the only place where a landing could have been safely effected , and Swedish Pomerania was observed by a French army , too powerful for any force that this country or Sweden could have collected in that quarter . Where , then , was this military assistance to be given ? Did the noble lords opposite suppose , that the landing of 20 or 30,000 men at Memel could have changed the fortune of the war ? His noble friend behind him ( lord Hutchinson ) could bear testimony that it would not . The Russians were so deficient in arrangements , that they were often in want of provisions . They had neglected to establish magazines ; and the accession of such a force , instead of being an advantage , would have only added to their embarrassments . He trusted that he had fully replied to this charge ; the next , respecting the refusal to facilitate a loan , would be more easily disposed of Russia , it was true , had proposed to make a loan of six millions in this country ; but it was found upon consulting with some of the first Mer- 438 chants , that it would be impossible , unless the repayment was guaranteed by the British government . Russia offered a species of security , to be sure ; namely , that the duties levied in that country , upon the importation of British goods , should be made payable here as an export duty ; but this being a duty of a precarious and uncertain nature , was not accepted . The lenders would accept of nothing short of a guarantee of the government ; and that , for many reasons , could not be granted . The negociation , therefore , fell to the ground.—The only charge remaining was , the injury sustained by the Russian commerce . It was true , a number of Russian vessels bound to the ports of France had been detained ; but they were afterwards released , and ample compensation made to those who suffered by their detention . They were released in consequence of a representation from the Russian minister , that though France and Russia were at war , there was no interruption to the commercial relations between the two countries . In proof of this he mentioned , that the Russian consuls remained at all the French ports , in the full exercise of their functions . To this representation ministers listened , and the detained ships were released , and an assurance given , upon an understanding that they should convey no contraband of war , that they should meet with no interruption for the future . The noble lord expressed his hopes , that he had in some measure satisfied their lordships as to the injustice of some of the charges preferred against him and his colleagues , and the propriety of their refusing to accede to the proposals which made the subject of another ; and concluded with moving for the several Papers to which he had referred in the course of his speech . felt it necessary