, and , taking advantage of this pressure , will force you to accept of any sort of a peace I chuse to grant you . ' Was this the language it was natural for Buonaparte to hold ; or was it rather to be expected of him that he should say , 'These good people of England are anxious to be at peace with me , and they are greatly distressed . I have been fighting against them these 14 years for the purpose of destroying them , but , now I find their manufacturers are poor and hardly pressed , they are even starving , and I am now inclined to take compassion on them ? ' If it were once to be laid down , that on account of a pressure on any branch or one part of the community , the whole nation must give way , he could not look on England in any other light than as a conquered country . It was necessary in such circumstances to submit to deprivations , and he was convinced , there was not a man in the country who , when he knew that peace could not be procured on honourable terms , would not submit to any deprivations whatever , nay , who would not lay down his life 860 sooner than submit to France . In saying this , he did not mean to induce ministers to persevere in the war if peace could be obtained . On the contrary , he was eager for peace . He only wished , that the question should lie over a little longer to try what might turn out . The parliament had not been met above five weeks , and it might have to sit for some months . He did not say , that he might not in the course of a month be of the opinion of his hon . friend . He agreed with him at this moment , as he must do at all times , that peace was better than war . His hon . friend was bolder than he could bring himself to feel on that subject . He was afraid , that instead of promoting peace , the resolution might have the effect of protracting the war . If his hon . friend , therefore , would not withdraw his motion , he should now move the previous question . agreed with the last speaker , but for very different reasons . As far as he could understand the object of the third Resolution , it went merely to say of ministers , that having misconducted themselves in transactions past , they were not entitled to confidence in future . He should not endeavour to go through the numerous papers that had been the subject of comment ; but he conceived that there might be very fair grounds for doubting of the propriety of accepting the proposed mediations of Russia and Austria . A right hon . gent . had asked , whether we thought that those powers had transferred their affections to France ? That might not be the case ; yet they might be governed by a less generous sentiment . Russia might be led to consult her own security , at the expence of our interests . Austria might be in similar circumstances . He confessed , he could wish that our last answer had been different ; but , under all the circumstances of the case , the offer could not be put upon the footing of former offers , and certainly not a fair mediation between us and France . In general , it might not be necessary to lay a basis in such a case in the first instance ; but when we were called upon by a third power under doubtful circumstances , a case was afforded in which , if at any time , we were justified in entrenching ourselves behind certain general principles and particular considerations . He could see no reason for supposing why his right honourable friends should not wish for peace whenever a favourable opportunity offered.—He was desirous