also to predict , that if there were any persons mad enough to be induced by the motive of obtaining a little temporary popularity to adopt a different tone from what at that time animated his majesty 's councils , that they would find such popularity to he of very short duration.—But to return to the subject immediately before the house , not only had M. Decres , the minister of the French Marine , assured gen. Armstrong that it was not intended to execute the decree against America , than this assurance was fortified by the fact that it had never been executed . This matter , however , did not rest wholly either upon the assurance or the fact , or upon both together . In the President 's speech at the opening of Congress , on the 19th of Feb. 1807 , a document which had not reached the late ministers previous to their dismissal from office , but which must have been received by their successors about the end of last March , he had avowed his determination , to demand an explanation from the French government of the Decree , and an assurance that it was not intended by any of its provi 481 sions to break in upon the existing treaty between France and America . Was it to be argued , then , that we were better judges than Mr. Jefferson of what trenched upon American rights or American interests ? Or were we to set ourselves up and to say to the government of that country , that we did not like the terms on which the ruler of France had explained his intentions in regard to her ? His lordship particularly called the attention of the house to the preamble of the Orders , and to a document which had this day been laid upon the table . In this preamble the foundation of the Orders was stated to be , neutral states not having obtained the revocation of the French Decree , a circumstance , which , he contended , was of no importance whatever ; for , if it was not executed , it was the same as if it had never been published . They did not dare to assert that America had acquiesced in it ; and , indeed , how could they , since it appeared that as late as the 18th of Oct. last , they had received a Note from the two American Ministers , then in London , assuring them that France had uniformly conformed to the articles of the Treaty between that country and America , in the execution of the decree ? And , notwithstanding this assurance , in three weeks after the date of this note , these Orders in Council were issued , by which the whole commerce of America was to be annihilated ; because , forsooth , she had not Obtained the revocation of a decree , which in regard to her was the same as if it never had been passed . Perhaps he should be told , that the fact as stated by the American ministers , was not true . But in the first place , he could scarcely believe that they would have hazarded a false assertion , and in the next place , if ministers did not believe them , why did they not contradict them , or at least call upon them for proofs of the truth of their declaration . It was remarkable too , that this Note was written in answer to a question , as if ministers had been determined to leave the injustice of their country on record . If any thing , after all the circumstances which he had enumerated , was necessary to evince the determination of America not to submit to any invasion of her rights on the part of France , the embargo lately laid upon her shipping , not after receiving the British Orders in Council , but after the receipt of advices from France , would be amply sufficient for that purpose . In short , he could not conceive that