by the indefatigable industry and perseverance of Mr. Burke , who applied all the powers of his mighty mind to unravel and enlighten all the intricacies and obscurities in which the transactions in that country had been studiously involved , pointed out a variety of abuses , to remedy which , regulations were enacted by parliament . These , that noble lord carried into execution and added a most important measure of his own , which a man of less weight and rank in this country , probably , could not have carried through ; it was , to give the servants of the company such salaries as would enable them to live properly , and in a reasonable time make a provision for futurity ; but precluding them from all indirect means of making money , instead of the mercantile system of giving small salaries and conniving at those means . By this wise and liberal policy , in addition to the parliamentary enactments , by his own bright example , he established a purity in Bengal , and laid a foundation for its progressive happiness , to compensate to its inhabitants for what they formerly still-bred from his countrymen . And yet , sir , during the government of such a man , and that of his successor , a man no less pure , Europeans and even a servant of the company , as appears by the paper above alluded to , were accelerating the ruin and distress of the province of Oude by usurious loans unknown to those governors . It is necessary to notice this , as it tends to prove that nothing but a cession of territory instead of subsidy could preclude the recurrence of the same mischiefs . You will find , sir , in the many communications between the nabob of Oude , his ministers and lord Cornwallis , personal and by letters , exhortations to ameliorate and reform the abuses under which that country laboured ; it is true in as mild terms to the nabob as such strong truths could be conveyed , but telling the ministers that they were responsible to the British , government for their conduct. , and that they would be supported by it accordingly as they acted right . You will , find by the whole tenor of lord Cornwallis 's correspondence with Oude , that though he studied to avoid hurting the pride of the nabob , he considered the British government vested with the right , as well as the power of controlling '' his government ; and in one of his lordship 's last communications when he was returning to Europe , he warns the , nabob that the consequence of his misrule might produce ex- 1013 treme measures on the part of the company for their own safety , which was involved in the safety of Oude ( Lord Cornwallis 's words are as follow , in his letter to the nabob dated 29th Jan. 1793 . `` I have offered my advice as a friend , and flatter myself that you set that value on the company 's friendship that will induce you to listen to their counsels in a manner that may render unnecessary any other measures on the part of the company for their own security and defence . '' ) Notwithstanding all these exhortations , the same wretched system continued , and this country , which was a frontier in that quarter front whence most danger was to be apprehended , and which could be defended only by its resources , was reduced to the most extreme misery and distress . Lord Cornwallis 's successor , sir John Shore , made remonstrances ; the nabob continued his misrule . In 1794 a case happened however which proved the opinion sir J . Shore entertained of the relation between the nabob and the company . On the death of Fyzoola Khan , the chief above mentioned , who enjoyed a jaghire dependant on Oude , the second son murdering his elder brother , was invested by the nabob with the succession , on his engaging to him an