might as well have talked of blockading the moon [ a laugh ] , and possessing himself of all the lunar influence . And then the Royal Society might imitate the example of ministers , and say , 'Good God , what a number of wrecks we shall have ; let us think of some means of retaliating this dreadful blockade . ' Their lordships laughed at this , but he declared he thought it the dullest thing on earth . Buonaparte might equally well have pretended to blockade the moon as to blockade this country , for he was as competent to do the one as the other.—His lordship then particularly directed the attention of the house to the injustice and the impolicy of inflicting a great injury on neutrals , in order to do a trifling one to our enemies . He felt a sort of enthusiasm in favour of America ; not only on account of the origin of the people , but also on account of the noble stand they had made for their independence . How could they endure an act , now they were independent , which they could not have borne if they were still a colony ? It was of the last importance , that both countries should continue in peace and amity with each other , and every thing ought carefully to be guarded against which disturbed their harmony . He was far from saying , that every thing should be given up to America ; but he did say , that nothing but the last necessity could justify our engaging in hostilities with that country . agreed that the Orders in Council could not be defended , if they were a violation of the law of nations ; and if their lordships could be persuaded that such was their character , there could be no occasion to urge their going into a committee , to consider of the propriety of addressing his majesty to check the operation of regulations which were contrary to the law of nations—that is , the natural justice which ought to be held sa- 474 cred between nation and nation , as well as between one individual and another . Whatever was contrary to the spirit of the law of nations , he allowed could not be justly altered , even by parliament ; but , at the same time , it was to be observed , that from the nature of the thing , there must necessarily be variations in the application of the principle to different circumstances . This was all that had been done by these Orders ; nor did they trench more upon the municipal law than they did upon the , law of nations . That the crown had a right of its own authority to make regulations for the internal trade of the country , to intermeddle with the finances , & c. & c. would not be contended ; but certainly it had been the practice for the crown , when the nation was at war , to affect the trade of neutrals , as far as that might be called for by the conduct of our enemies.—As it had been argued , that the previous measures of the enemy were only matters of internal regulation . or a farther extension of a navigation law , which they had a right to resort to if they pleased , his lordship proceeded to state his reasons why they ought to be regarded as a direct violation of the rights of neutrals and the law of nations . For this purpose he began with the preamble of the Decree of the 21st of Nov. ; the preamble , as he said , being considered by lawyers as a key to the body of the enactment . From the words of this recital , and the nature of the complaints against G. Britain , which was charged with having put whole coasts and empires in a state of blockade , without having the power actually to execute that blockade , in the established form and manner , he contended that Buonaparte must