the said town and county , so far as respects the said Joseph Garland and sir Rd . Bickerton , was a void election : also , that the said petitions did not , either of them , appear to the said committee to be frivolous or vexatious.—Col . Strutt presented a Declaration from Mr. Fuller , one of the members for Sussex , declaring that it was not his intention to defend his election against the petitions of col. Sergison , and certain Freeholders . The consideration of the petitions was adjourned to the 24th of March . —In consequence of the ill health of sir Home Popham , leave of absence was given to him for a month . Mr. Lushington , on the same ground , postponed the motion of which he had given notice for 487 to-morrow , respecting advances from the Droits of Admiralty fund to sir Home Popham . rose pursuant to notice , to move for papers necessary to give a proper understanding of the particulars connected with the Expedition to Constantinople . The frequent references that had been made to this transaction , in the discussions on the affair of Copenhagen , to which it had been assimilated in principle , rendered a more particular investigation necessary . It was contended , that whatever difference there might be in appearance , and certainly there was great difference in point of execution and event , the principle of the right of attacking a neutral power was exactly the same . But it was not merely to estimate the comparative right and propriety of these attacks on neutral powers , that the papers he was about to move for , ought to be before the house . It was usual , when it had been thought right to go to war with a power before friendly , to make some communication to parliament with respect to the fact and the motives . Now , we were involved in a war with Turkey , brought on by that attack , and no communication whatever had been made to parliament on the subject . It was no private nor party motive that had induced him to bring forward this motion . He was not connected with any party , and he had communicated only with one or two members on the subject . Having a short time been resident in Turkey , and conversant with the manners of the people and their political attachments , his attention was naturally engaged by the dispatches from his majesty 's ambassador and commanders in the Dardanelles , and with every attention that he was able to give , he could neither discover why the armament went , nor why it came away . Whatever might be the policy of the Copenhagen Expedition , it at least afforded an eminent example of judicious management and able execution . When a transaction of that kind was thought by some to call for enquiry , he could not bring himself to think that a transaction in which the character of the navy , the favourite service of the country , was brought in question by ill-success , ought to be suffered to pass without an investigation , which would fix the blame of the failure where it ought justly to fall . These were the motives which had induced him to bring this subject before the house . He 488 would abstain from pronouncing any opinion till the papers which were to guide his judgment , as well as that of the house , should be properly considered . He would enumerate shortly the circumstances of the transaction . The British fleet appeared at the entrance of the Dardanelles on the 29th of Jan. 1807 , while the British ambassador was still at Constantinople . The British fleet attacked the castles , and forced its passage , burning a Turkish frigate . The British fleet remained 12 days before Constantinople , and then came back the same way without doing any thing farther . This situation was one in which no British officer would wish to remain , or ought to be