indignation and surprise ' at the conduct of the nabob , for a circumstance which in his view was calculated to excite neither surprise nor indignation . It was pitiable to see the answer returned by the nabob to the letter containing this expression , so humiliating not only to himself , but to the king of G. Britain , the parliament and country , whose names he was sorry to say had appeared too often in the threats productive of these submissions . The hon . member recapitulated shortly his preceding arguments , and apologised for the time he had occupied the house , but it was from detail alone that this business could be understood . The pretence for marching troops into Oude was futile , for there was not the slightest danger to be apprehended from Zemaun Shaw , although from the days of Nadir Shaw it had been the general cry in Hindostan , whenever the weather , fit for marching troops , set in , 'the Persian conqueror is coming . ' in 1796 they had penetrated 200 miles into the country of the Seiks , but even then they were 300 miles from the frontier of Oude , and the Mahratta states lay between them . All circumstances continuing the same , would it be argued , that the governor-general was entitled to change a system which was approved of by those who appointed him ? If he did so , it must be on a real , and not an imaginary necessity . The hon . gent . who spoke last , had asked how we could have carried on the Mahratta war ? Would to God we had never had the power to carry it on , or any other so destructive to our interest in India . He contended , that the nabob was independent , and as to the argument , that he was bound in gratitude to the company , it appeared to him the same kind of gratitude that was due from Prussia to Buonaparte , after he had taken all he had any use for , and left that sovereign 1121 dependent upon him for what he allowed him to retain . It was urged that the nabob was only independent from having wrested his dominions from the Mogul ; he would ask whence came the independence of the East India company , who were nothing more than the keepers of his exchequer . But , it was needless to argue on supposition , since he had it from the highest legal authority in this kingdom , that of the lord chancellor , who had decided that the nabob of Arcot was an independent sovereign , at a time when he was not possessed of half so good a title to it as the nabob of Oude . It was still a more whimsical defence to adduce the evidence of marquis Cornwallis , who had said , that such a system destroyed in India the opinion of the justice , moderation , and good faith of G. Britain . The opinion of lord Teignmouth was also pressed as unwarrantably into this defence ; for the treaty he concluded in 1798 was an existing proof of the direct opposition he gave to the principle . An attempt had also been made front the 12th article of the treaty , to prove that the company had a right to march troops into Oude , and take security for any arrear of the kists ; but this , he shewed was a fallacy in the present instance , as no arrears had been contracted , and the only pretence was arrears due at the time the treaty was concluded.—He had next to consider a little the general policy of this system . Why were they so anxious to improve the discipline of the troops belonging to the nabob ? These troops were the same as all the troops in India , and such as enabled them to make their conquests , and the first thing they would have done would have been to repel the treatment they had met with