house to enable his majesty to fulfil them . But if it was in contemplation to grant pecuniary subsidies to that monarch , he thought the house ought to pause before it sanctioned such an application of the public money . For , in the course of two or three months they might see gentlemen rising up on the opposite side , and speaking of him in terms similar to those which they had this evening heard applied to the emperor of Russia . It was in the recollection of every one present , that a very short time ago panegyrics , quite as highly coloured as those now bestowed on the king of Sweden , had been lavished upon the emperor Alexander , when he was represented as magnanimous , generous , disinterested , in short , every thing that was great and good . Here , too , it was possible , that he might be wrong , but all that he wished was that the house should not give any pledge till they were in possession of the information necessary to regulate their judgment.—The house , he asserted , was equally destitute of information upon the question relative to America and neutral nations , and , till this information was granted , he had no wish to anticipate their opinion . He should only observe generally , that he should be willing and ready at all times to support any measures which might be found necessary for the assertion of our honour , or the maintenance of our interest.—There was another topic of much importance which might have been introduced into the speech , but respecting which it was wholly silent , namely , the present state of Ireland . On this subject not one word was said , though there was certainly none to which it was more the duty of ministers to call the attention of parliament . He 53 hoped , however , that it was their intention to supply this omission , in the course of the session of parliament . He was fully sensible of the importance which every measure of a public nature derived from coming directly from the servants of the crown ; and he hoped that much time would not elapse before they came forward with some proposition calculated to quiet those apprehensions which were at this moment , he was afraid , equally general and well founded.—Having said these few words , he professed to have no intention of taking the sense of the house upon the address . Upon questions where they were wholly without information , it would be absurd to call upon it to express an opinion . And as to the affair of Copenhagen , he promised that he would , on a future occasion , move for the production of the necessary documents , so that it might at least be fairly brought under discussion . All that he wished now was , not to be understood as approving of it ; and the remarks he had made were intended chiefly to prevent his being told afterwards , that by consenting to the address he had precluded himself from any future investigation of this important topic . Certainly , no event had occurred in the course of the last century the cause of which so loudly called for inquiry . He hoped that ministers had conducted themselves in a manner deserving the approbation of the people of England ; if not , he was well assured that the country would not submit to the obloquy of a disgraceful transaction . said , that in offering his sentiments on the present occasion to the house , he should endeavour , as much as possible , to compress closely , as well the ideas which he conceived himself , as those which had been suggested to him by others . Though the gentlemen on the other side had contemned many of the measures adverted to in the speech from the throne , it had not been asserted by any one , that they had not been completely successful ; and , whatever they might think