, to the gentleman who originally suggested them , and under whose care he was confident they would be rendered efficient to the public service . He had also to state to the house , that in consequence of the suggestions of the committee , an application had been made to the Bank of England , under the exigencies of the country , for the aid of a loan , free of interest , to the public ; and he must do justice to the directors by declaring that the Bank of England , with its wonted liberality , had most chearfully acceded . He should conclude by moving for the revival of the said committee proposing no alteration of the names which composed the list of last year , save only the omission of Mr. Richard Rider , not now a member of the . house , in whose stead he should propose to insert the name of Mr. Charles Ellis.—He then moved accordingly , and the motion passed without opposition . rose , pursuant to his notice , and said , that it would not be necessary for him to detain the house at any length , as the object of his motion could be stated in a very few words . He felt it , however , in the first place , necessary to observe , that it was not his intention , in making the motion he was about to make , to anticipate , in any respect , the discussion that might hereafter arise upon the legality or policy of the Orders in Council ; his object was merely to put the house in possession of such information as might enable them to form an adequate judgment of the extent to which a practice unquestionably within the act and in its origin , legal , had been carried ; whether with regard to safe conduct , or the commercial intercourse in transports conveying foreign commodities from one country to another . He was aware that never was there a period in which it was more hazardous to attempt to trade without those licences than the present , and that , by consequence , never was there a time in which the granting of licences by the privy council was carried to such a serious extent ; but he contended , that this very consideration was the strongest argument why it was necessary for the legislature of the country to ascertain its limits , and , if that was not possible , to prescribe such as both the principles of commercial policy and constitutional law , rendered necessary . When it was considered how largely the field of licences was opened by the present extensive , almost universal , system of blockade , the present would not be thought an unseasonable opportunity for ascertaining the extent of the persons to which the grant of those licences was entrusted . He had said that this unrestrained power was injurious upon two considerations ; first upon that of commercial policy ; and , secondly , upon that of constitutional law ; with regard to the first , there could be no doubt it was not politic to throw into the hands of his majesty 's executive government the entire controul of the commercial intercourse of the country : upon such an uncertain principle , commercial men could not be expected to engage in any speculation , because there was no one uniform ground upon which to claim such licences , nor was there any recognized principle by which the . persons exempted 186 could ascertain whether they laboured under any partial grievance , or whether they were , for sufficient reason , exempted from the benefits of such licence ; and here he could not help observing , that certainly it did appear that those exemptions had been carried to a most serious extent . But he had said , that this power of granting licences so unascertained , was also contrary to the principles of the constitutional law ; he meant those principles by which it was regulated , that no money could be taken from the