whether they themselves would have ever had a seat within these walls , with power to decide on this measure of reform , which they are now perhaps prepared to oppose ? The noble and learned lord , in his recital of the evil effects which might probably 1051 ensue from the adoption of this bill , or from any curtailment of the royal prerogative , has alluded to the history of this country in the year 1641 , and to the French Revolution . In reviewing the dreadful occurrences of those unhappy times , and particularly in the period of our own history , we are induced to overlook the errors of that unfortunate monarch , Charles I. in the tragic catastrophe which befel him . But were the calamities of that reign to be attributed to any concessions to the claims of the people ? Unhappily , the melancholy fate of that prince can be traced , to the obstinacy with which every improvement was opposed , to the unbending disinclination to conform to the spirit of the times , and to the progress of mental advancement . And let it not be forgotten , that when forced into a momentary acquiescence to the desire of the nation , the first opportunity was seized to add perfidy to refusal . And , my lords , with respect to the French Revolution , where can we find a more signal and melancholy exemplification of the danger of not yielding to those plans of salutary and wholesome correction which the defects of all human institutions render absolutely necessary ? And here I call upon those who are so particularly attached to the court , I call upon those illustrious and royal personages opposite to me [ the dukes of York , Cumberland , and Cambridge ] who are so active in their opposition to this measure , to reflect upon the fallen and prostrate state of the legitimate sovereigns of Europe , to consider the lamentable change which has befallen some of the most illustrious families on that continent-some expelled from the thrones of their forefathers , or degraded into the lowest vassalage to the great and inordinate power of France . Be assured , that much as the unrivalled conqueror of the European continent owes to his own extensive talents for success , much as he is indebted to the undisputed sagacity of his plans , and to the rapidity and discipline of his armies , for his gigantic elevation , he has had great and powerful auxiliaries in the selfishness , the sordid views , the illiberal . jealousies , of the dynasties he has subverted ; in the apathy and torpor of the oppressed and despised population over whom he has triumphed . Convinced as I am of these truths , I conjure this house to hesitate before it commits itself with the country , by the rejection of a measure which the people expect , and which , in 1052 its operation , must teed to alleviate the pressure of the severe , though unavoidable , burdens under which they labour . anxiously wished that the bill should go into a committee . He agreed entirely in the sentiments expressed by the noble lord who spoke last but one , and thought that it was no improper interference with the prerogative , for either branch of the legislature to give the advice that appeared to them to be good for the exercise of the prerogative in the manner the most advantageous to the people . It might perhaps have been as well if the bill had been merely for the suspension of the exercise of this branch of the royal prerogative for a time to be limited , but he was bound to vote for the bill going into a committee . said , that in the Whole course of his political life , he bad constantly opposed every innovation , which could not be clearly proved to be necessary . The preamble of this bill stated that the measure was expedient ; but the house was not informed why it was expedient . If the