he attributable to this country , for that the French government would always have it in their power to remove them by pursuing a reasonable line of conduct . argued against the bill , which he contended would extend those evils by which war was rendered so horrible , and would tend to re-plunge the world into a state of barbarism . defended the bill . The principle on which it had been opposed went to this length , that we ought to turn our artillery from the enemy , for a bullet was at least as fatal as a dysentery . We had a right to use every means by which the government of a hostile country might be induced to conclude a reasonable peace . said , that the principle of the bill met with his most severe reprobation . It would have been better to have withheld from the French the cloathing which it was well known they had obtained from this country . defended the bill . There was at present a depot of bark in this country equal to the consumption of 3 years ; and he was convinced that France , and the other nations of the continent , must eventually resort to us for a supply of that article . 1170 After some further discussion the house then divided , For the Speaker 's leaving the chair 92 ; Against it 29 ; Majority 63 . The bill then passed through a committee . wished , before the house rose , to put a question to a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) on the opposite bench . Feeling , as he was persuaded the house also did , a very great interest in every thing which related to the conduct of the person who filled the Chair , and discharged its very arduous duties so highly to their satisfaction , he could not reconcile it to those feelings to have that conduct arraigned , without— said , he rose to order , and observed that there was no question before the house . contended , that by the practice of the house he was entitled to put the question he intended . The question was , whether the right hon . gent . in consequence of what had occurred in an early stage of the sitting proposed to give notice of any motion on the subject ? avowed that it was his intention in future to prevent that species of debate which was called conversation , unless there was some specific motion before the house , or some understanding established as to the latitude which should he allowed in it . He had felt the inconvenience of being interrupted , at a moment when he was extremely anxious to rescue himself from the charge of inconsistency . The attacks made upon him in that house by the right hon . gent . in perfect good humour , no doubt , he could have well passed by ; but he felt some solicitude to obviate the impression which they might make out of doors , if they were allowed to go unrefuted . It was not his intention to make any motion on the subject , but to avail himself of his privilege , as a member of that house , and take the remedy into his own hands . detailed the circumstances attending the conversation , and inferred that the irregularity commenced with the right hon . gent . 's observations on what he termed the inconsistency of his majesty 's ministers . He felt it his duty to retaliate the charge , and here the conversation was stopped , and he conceived properly stopped , by the Chair . observed , that a 1171 conversation of that kind became irregular as soon as it was formally taken notice of . By the observation of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Foster ) , who had said , that 'the conversation being at an end , he would move , & c. ' that notice had been taken , and the Speaker , in the impartial prosecution of