, he should propose that the bill should that night go through a committee , pro forma ; that the report should be received on Monday , and that on Tuesday a recommitment should take place , when the bill might be discussed . expressed his satisfaction that the right hon . gent . had changed his opinion on the subject since 3 o'clock . on that morning . His objection , however , to the principle of the bill was so strong , that he could not allow the Speaker to leave the chair without taking the sense of the house upon it . said it was not his intention to protract the discussion of this measure . He was not until this day aware , that alterations were necessary . If the right hon . gent . had a desire to take the sense of the house he might . It appeared to him , that the reason for taking the sense of the house upon the present occasion might be , that the right hon . gent . looking at the strength of the house might think , from the thinness of what were called the ministerial benches , that he was sure of triumph . explained , and denied any such motive . thought the measure was one of such paramount delinquency , that every opportunity should be taken to ex- 691 pose its injustice . He was surprised at the insinuation thrown out by the right hon . the chancellor of the Exchequer against his right hon . friend , who he knew was in capable of the motive attributed to him . He was satisfied the right hon . gent . could marshal his troops with much more celerity than could be effected on his side the house.—A division then took place , when there appeared , For the postponement 118 Against it , 32 Majority —86 When strangers were re-admitted , we found the chancellor of the Exchequer on his legs , assuring the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) that the division had convinced him , that he was mistaken in the insinuation he had previously made , with respect to any wish of taking an unfair advantage . brought up the report of the Evesham Committee . The report stated that the sitting member , sir M. Lopez , bart . Was not duly elected ; and ought not to have been returned ; that the petioner , H . Howorth , esq . was duly elected . and ought to have been returned ; and that the : Opposition of the said sir M. Lopez , bart . to the petition of the said H. Howorth , esq . was not frivolous or vexatious . Ordered , That Mr. Wharton do make the Report from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of James Buller , esq . Arthur Champernowne , esq . Matthew Russell , esq . the rev . John Buller , clerk , John Evans , gent . John Stephens Croft , and Isaac Toby , each of whom are seised of an entire ancient Burgage Tenement , situate Within the Borrough of Saltash , whereon an ancient Welling house now stands or formerly stood ; and also of the Petition of W. Henry Fremantle and Tho . Francis Fremantle , esquires , respecting the Right of Election for the said borough.—.Mr . Wharton accordingly from the Said committee informed the : house , That 'the . said committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver to the clerk of the said committee statements , in writing , of the Right of Election for which they respectively contened : That , in consequence thereof , the counsel for the Petitioners James Buller , esq . arthur Champernowne , esq . 692 Matthew Russell , the rev . John Buller , clerk , John Evans , gent . John Stephens Croft , and Isaac Toby , delivered in a statement as follows : 'The petitioners contend , that the Right of Election of members to serve in