consideration , and grant to the petitioners the like sum of 18,000l . for the maintenance and support of the said forts and settlements for the present year ; and the petitioners beg further to submit to the house , that , during the continuance of the Slave Trade , the committee were enabled to procure competent persons , willing to encounter the climate of Africa , at salaries greatly inadequate to the service , by reason of the commercial advantages which they derived from constant and extensive intercourse with vessels trading in slaves ; but this commerce being now abolished , the committee apprehend that their servants , rendered incapable of supporting themselves upon their salaries only , will no longer have sufficient inducements to remain in Africa , unless such addition should be made thereto as may be reasonable and just ; and therefore 711 praying , that the house will be pleased to grant to the petitioners , in addition to the 18,000l . for the maintenance and support of the said forts and settlements for the present year , such further sum as may appear to the house to be sufficient to enable them to augment the salaries of their servants in Africa as before mentioned . `` — Ordered to lie upon the table . presented a Message from his majesty , which was read by the Speaker , as follows ; G. R. His majesty having taken into his royal consideration the splendid achievements and eminent services performed by the late general viscount Lake on the continent of Europe , and in the East Indies , and being desirous to confer some signal mark of his favour upon his family , in order to enable them to support the dignity of the title conferred upon him ; and for this purpose to give and grant to his eldest son the present viscount Lake , and to the two next surviving heirs male of the body of the deceased , to whom the title of viscount Lake and baron Lake of Delhi and Laswary , and of Aston Clinton , in the county of Buckingham , shall descend , an annuity of 2000l . per annum , recommends it to his faithful commons to consider of a proper method of enabling his majesty to grant the same , and of extending , securing , and settling such annuity upon the said viscount Lake , and on the two next succeeding heirs on whom the title of viscount Lake and baron Lake of Delhi and Laswary , and of Aston Clinton , in the county of Buckingham , shall descend , in such manner as shall he thought most effectual for the said viscount Lake , and the two next male heirs to the title . `` —Resolved , That this house will , upon Friday next , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to take his majesty 's said most gracious Message into Consideration . wished to know from his majesty 's ministers , how far there was any foundation for the rumours so painful to the public feelings , upon that most important branch of the public service , which were lately in circulation . He alluded to the rumours of sir R. Strachan having been obliged to quit his station off Rochefort , in consequence of being short of provisions , and the concomitant report that the French squadron had been enabled to put 712 to sea by the retreat of the blockading force . Though the sailing of the Rochefort squadron would , he hoped , be the means of adding new glory to the triumphs of the British navy , still he was sure that every one who heard him would agree , that if the blockade had been raised from any neglect in supplying the squadron under sir John Duckworth , that neglect was extremely criminal . had no information of the fact alluded to by the hon . gent . If the hon . gent . wished for any information on the subject , or had received any that he conceived it right to authenticate