the noble lord , on a review of the arguments that had just been urged , or on a recollection of his former impressions on the subject , came to doubt whether he was justified in charging the British Government with acts of violence towards neutral nations , it would be for him to consider , what kind of impression might be made on America , by the notion that a great part of the deliberative council of England were of opinion , that the act now under discussion was one against which , on every principle of honour and dignity , the Americans ought to take exception . If such an impression , under such an authority , were to go to America , the conse- 330 quences might be highly injurious to both countries . He recommended these considerations to the attention of any hon . gent . who might be preparing to support the noble lord 's arguments . The British government had been actuated by no spirit of jealousy or hostility against neutral powers , more particularly against America . They had merely done that which it was it was their duty to do , in consequence of the measures that had been adopted by the enemy for the destruction of the country . contended , that all the arguments which had been used by his right hon . friend , made in favour of the principles maintained by his noble friend . If ever there was a crisis , when no measure of magnitude , that might affect the great interests of the country , ought to pass without the sedulous attention of parliament , it was the present . The Orders in Council should be considered in three points of view : 1st . As to their simplicity or complexity ; 2dly , As to their legality according to the municipal law of the country ; and 3dly , As to their legality according to the law of nations . The number and variety of the orders and explanatory orders created much complexity and confusion , and there were many objections to different parts of them , some of which even went to their legality . Their interference with the freedom and security of foreign merchants was inconsistent with the provisions of Magna Charta , which ordained , that every facility should be given to alien merchants trading in merchandise , 'nisi publice prohibiti , ' that is , by positive law . But the illegality of the Orders in his mind , arose principally from the gross abuse of the Act of the 43d of his majesty : that proceeding on a precedent in the late war , which authorised the admission of certain articles , indispensable to us , direct from enemies ports , which articles were to be specified in the king 's license . The specification under the late Orders was not confined to a few articles , but comprehended the whole book of rates , and thereby suspended all the navigation laws , which in the former case were but partially affected , and this under the shadow of an act , which let in but three or four.—In the arguments he should feel it his duty to use , he was not very solicitous about the defence of any administration ; but yet he must think meanly of himself , if he could hesitate to declare , that he felt a fixed and rooted aver- 331 sion to a power which came in unconstitutionally ; and which he thought was not exerted for the benefit or honour of the country . As to the system of morality which was to be adopted in the war with Buonaparte , instead of conjuring up from the infernal regions wicked spirit to contend against wicked spirit , he would rather that we should draw down from heaven the principles of virtue , justice , and true fortitude , to correct the wickedness of others . There was a species of courage which was as eminently displayed in the cabinet as in the field ; but the present ministers , in their