extracts from Latin poets , by way of quotation ; such as— 'Ridiculum acre quid , vetat.—If , he was inclined to retort a quotation on his right hon . friend , it would , he thought , be strictly allowable to him to say.— 'Arma virumque cano—fas est et ab hoste doceri'— Buonaparte whatever might be his cruelties , his oppressions , or his aggressions , had on all occasions scrupulously adhered to and protected those who had entered into alliance with him : he had never sacrificed an ally to any consideration , however pressing or important . Ministers were that night called on to give up the correspondence of our only ally , which could not fail of being attended with great inconvenience ; and he would , therefore , so far follow the example of the enemy as to adhere to our ally , and to refuse his assent to his right hon . friend 's motion . saw , very little in the speech of the right , hon . gent . that had any application to the question , and even in that little could discover no force . The right hon . secretary had laid down a doctrine with regard to the communication of papers to that house , which , even supposing it were admitted , could not operate against the motion . For according to the terms of that motion , ministers would be left the option of presenting such information only as could not militate against public con- 750 venience : Of course no detriment could arise from acceding to it . What objection to it , then , could be sustained by the right hon . gent . Indeed , he had offered none . The character of the country had been seriously accused , and to that accusation the rt . hon . gent . contented himself with returning a mere assertion ; in which , as usual , he was confident , just in proportion as he was deficient in proof and argument . But the right hon . secretary stated , that even were the papers applied for laid before the house , the gentlemen who supported the motion would not find what they wanted . They wanted some proofs to contradict the statements which had appeared in the Moniteur , and to vindicate the character of the country ; which they must feel to be very imperfectly vindicated indeed , if it rested upon the mere assertion of the right hon . gent . If the right hon . gent . thought the papers would support his assertion , was it not natural to infer , that he would produce them ? and was it not equally natural to infer the contrary from the pertinacity of his refusal ? But , the right hon . gent . acted like a witness who should say , 'Accept my allegation without any further question : do not attempt to cross-examine me ; for I assure you , I tell nothing but the truth . ' Should the house , however , upon such a grave occasion , content itself with the mere word of the right hon . gent . without asking for any vouchers ? The . motion sought to ascertain whether the charge was true , that our government , contrary to the express terms of a capitulation , negotiated with Sweden , an ally of Denmark , to take hostile possession of the island of Zealand . This was the gravamen of the charge against ministers , and nothing could be fouler . It was said , that the enemy had done worse ; and some people seemed to think , as it was termed , of 'fighting the enemy with his own weapons . ' He hoped and trusted , that never would be the case . In fact , we could not fight with such weapons , to advantage . They were not understood by us , and he hoped they never would . For what were these weapons ? A total had indifference about good faith , a perpetual violation of