of his , since the execution of that treaty , had daily and hourly evinced his increasing adherence to his plans and designs against this country . The right hon . gent . had declined to enter into any argument on the subject of the Rutsian mediation , because information had been promised to be laid before the house ; and also on the conduct of the courts of Vienna and Berlin , because he should move for information on those subjects on a future day . He would not , therefore , take up the time of the house , by entering 57 further on either of those topics at present ; but he would observe , that he had no doubt on his mind , but that the conduct of both those powers had been actuated and guided by the predominant and overbearing influence of Buonaparte , who would not suffer any power on the continent to continue at peace and amity with us ; and therefore he thought ministers were no ways culpable on account of the recent conduct of those governments . He then adverted to the dispute with America , and hoped that the good sense of the moderate and thinking people in that country would so far influence its government , as that matters might still be brought to a fair and reasonable accommodation . His majesty 's present ministers had on their part shewn every desire to do away every cause of complaint as far as they could , without making a sacrifice of our most important rights . Mr. M. then wept into the various questions of Russia , Portugal , and Denmark . These were the various topics , which arose out of the Address ; they with him bespoke individually the prudence and activity of ministers , and presented in the aggregate a prospect the most satisfactory . What might be the issue of these our endeavours , whether peace or war , he could not say ; if war , we had the hope of similar success ; if peace , the consciousness that we had earned it . That peace , of which they had that night heard so much , he would entrust to the hands of ministers . They would on the one hand perceive and estimate , what the sincerest lover of peace must admit to be discouraging ; that peace , in its most flattering aspect , would be little more than a suspension of hostilities , and that no formal act of government could root out rancour and stifle jealousy ; and if therefore we did return the sword , that our hand must never quit the hilt , and above all , feeling that Bonaparte would in his terms wish to question our maritime supremacy , a patrimony entailed upon us , and therefore not matter of negociation , they would judge how far a peace was promising under such appearances . He repeated it , that were Bonaparte to abdicate his throne , and depose all his minion princes , were he to restore to France her legal government , and to Europe the balance of power , they would not in his mind be equivalent for the sacrifice of our command at sea , or justify ministers in dishonouring this unattainted title , by which we style ourselves Englishmen . On the other hand , he trusted that ministers were fully 58 awake to the exigencies , that they required no speeches or petitions to tell them that privations must be numerous , and the pressure deplorably severe . He hoped ministers wanted not to be told that peace had fewer calamities than war . And , in vindication of that part of the country with which he was locally connected , he would say , that if the noble lord ( Milton ) supposed that that public voice was meant only to express the existence of misfortunes which all in part felt , he was sure he was right ; if he meant to say that it was connected with airy political opinion whatever , as sure was he