prohibiting the exportation of bark , was not here in question ; as , under the operation of this measure , France might have bark if she chose , that is to say , if she chose to take along with it articles of British manufacture or commerce . reprobated this measure , which he considered as utterly indefensible , it being contrary to the dictates of religion and the principles of humanity , highly impolitic , and at the same time inefficacious , even in the view of those who proposed it . What effect could it have on the armies of France ? It was merely to operate on the sick and disabled ; it was earring on war with hospitals , and not so much with the sick and disabled soldiers , as the innocent peasant . It had been said in a former debate by a noble lord , that if we had the hands of Europe against us , we had with us the hearts of many of its inhabitants ; but if this measure was to be carried into effect , we should have both the hands and hearts of all Europe against us . It would be besides of no . avail : there was already a sufficient quantity of bark on the continent . The noble earl quoted the prices of jesuits ' bark in Feb. at Paris , to prove that it was not higher at that period , than the price in this country . This bill therefore could not have the effect attributed to it by a noble lord , of operating with any compulsory effect upon the enemy , he having already a sufficient supply of this article ; it could only have the effect of displaying a principle of warfare wholly inconsistent with those feelings of justice and honour , which had hitherto formed distinguishing features in the British character . contended , that noble lords on the other side , when in administration , had by their blockade excluded bark , as well as other things ( bark not being excepted ) , from the continent , 1323 and that therefore that measure must stand upon the same principle as the present . When the noble lords talked of the distress inflicted upon the enemy , it should be recollected that the enemy had by his decrees endeavoured to ruin the commerce and manufactures of this country , and thereby to inflict the greatest misery upon thousands of persons employed in them . Was it , then , to he regarded as an act of inhumanity to prevent him from obtaining an article of which he stood in need , unless he took with it a portion of those manufactures which he endeavoured to ruin ? Was it not rather an act of policy , consistent with and required by the interests of the country ? He concluded with observing , that the arguments of the noble lords on the opposite side , tended , as they had done during the whole sessions , to favour the views of the enemy . combated the general principle of the measure , which was not calculated so much to affect the armies of our enemies , as to distress the women , children , and peasantry , in Spain and Portugal , in which countries it was well known with what care and humanity the landholders made it their business to provide their tenantry with this necessary article . The French armies , it must be known to every one , would not want , so long as a supply was to be had ; it must , therefore , be by the helpless and oppressed inhabitants that this privation would be chiefly felt . vindicated the present bill as one of those measures which were called for by the aggressions of our enemy . If he would resort to an unusual and unauthorised mode of warfare , nothing remained for us but to follow his example , and , by retaliation , to compel him to return into the common and established track . could not forbear