have asserted the rights and privileges of the commons . He certainly deprecated , as much as any person , a misunderstanding between the two branches of the legislature ; but , if such a misunderstanding could only be avoided by a surrender of the privileges of that house , he confessed that he would choose rather the former than the latter part of the alternative . The right hon . gent . too , assumed in argument what he certainly did not shew , and what he ( Mr. W. ) was far from being convinced of , that if the bill passed the house of commons in its present shape , it would have the concurrence of the lords . So far was he from being convinced of this , that from the record which he now held in his hand of what had passed in the other house of parliament upon the former bill , he was inclined to draw a conclusion directly the reverse . From these minutes , he saw that the principle of the bill had been objected to by a majority of their lordships , and that a protest had been drawn up and signed by certain lords expressly against this principle . The right hon . gent . said that an amendment had been moved by a noble friend of his ( lord Hawkesbury ) with his concurrence . But , after having assented to the bill to its full extent in the house of commons , it would have been but respectful in the right hon . gent . to have consulted the house before giving his assent to such an amendment , or certainly he ought at least to have consulted his colleagues before he gave his support to the bill without limitation of time . But , it was material that the house of commons should be aware , that the same lords who had voted against the principle of the bill 1335 likewise voted against the amendment ; and that his majesty 's confidential servant was left in a minority in the upper house , ranged with the opposition against the princes of the blood , and those who supported them . Upon what ground now , therefore , he should be glad to hear , would the present bill not meet the Same fate with the other ? He knew that in the other house there were a variety of little implements ( alluding to the proxies ) , which might be shifted backward and forward , so as to bring the king 's ministers a second time into a minority , and to afford a new triumph to a party more powerful than the administration.—Mr . Whitbread here recapitulated the fortunes of the measure from the first time that it was proposed down to the present day . In the late parliament the house of commons passed a resolution , founded upon a report of the committee of finance , for an address to the king , praying no offices might in future be granted in reversion , and a bill was brought in to affix the legislative sanction to this resolution . A dissolution of that parliament took place before the bill was passed ; but , when the present parliament met the bill was renewed , and passed the house of commons with only one dissenting voice . It was afterwards thrown out in the house of lords , in such a way as to slew that his majesty 's ministers did not take a very lively interest in the measure . The house of commons were obliged a second time , on finding their intentions frustrated , to address the king , praying him not to grant offices in reversion . This session another bill was brought in , which , after some debate in the lords , had likewise been thrown out . Now , a bill was brought before the house for preventing the grant of offices in reversion for a limited time , which he thought likely to meet the same fate with the two former bills , the consequence