it were not for the aid derived from our Orders of Council . What did we do ? We adhered to the principles of the law of nations . It has always been a principle of that law , that the trade between the enemy 's ports should be interdicted during war , and we extended that interdict to Holland , Spain , and the other nations , which we found to be subservient to the commands of the enemy . We did not attempt to extend a system of blockade for all Europe , by taking the course which the present ministers have done in their Orders of Council , and in which I maintain they have actually violated an article of Magna Charta . They could not , I contend , upon the king 's authority , constitutionally decree such extraordinary prohibitions . But , their mode , of proceeding has been altogether excep- 26 tionable . Our course ought to be , to ask the neutral powers whether they meant to submit to Bonaparte 's blockading decree ? and if so , that we must act accordingly . Now , this course we did take ; but the present ministers did not wait for any reply to this requisition , at least from America , before they issued their Orders of Council . Now , it turns out , as I am informed , that America received the most satisfactory assurances from the French government , that its blockading decree would not be acted upon against American shipping . In point of fact , it appears , that it never was so acted upon . Why , then , the whole foundation upon which our Orders of Council profess to rest , is done away , and ministers , by their indiscreet precipitancy , have put unnecessary fetters upon our own commerce , and most unjust restrictions , or rather a total prohibition , upon the commerce of America . But , what the farther consequences of such precipitancy may be , it is painful to contemplate . What must be their operation in America ! now , much must this aid the views of the French party , if such a party be there ! Had you waited for the answer of the American government , before you issued these Orders of Council , and had such answer implied an acquiescence in the French decree , then your friends in America might have maintained that any restrictions imposed through you upon American trade were attributable to the hostility of France and the connivance of the American government . This impression would have been highly serviceable to you in America , and prejudicial to France . But , your haste has rendered that hopeless . France ; however , never did , as I have already said , act under its extravagant decree , against any American ship . Indeed , I do not think that it ever meant to enforce such a decree . That and all the other decrees of the same character which have since followed , were , A firmly believe , but mere experiments upon the wisdom and discretion of the British government ; and these experiments have unfortunately had but too much success . France irritated you to come forward and execute decrees which , if it were not for your aid , must have been a mere dead letter , except in her own ports , in which you could not at any time interfere with her jurisdiction . The French decrees could in fact avail nothing , if you had acted prudently . But , in aggravation of the other mischiefs resulting from your conduct , you 27 have placed this country in that state , with respect to America , in which France would have been , had your course been different . For , although France , by its decree , originated the system of restriction , yet all the odium of the system will attach to you in America , in consequence , of your inconsiderate haste . Your conduct must be viewed with reference to