measures of his majesty 's government had been carried . For himself , he did not know what other measures could have been resorted to ; and he would defy the ingenuity of the gentlemen opposite , to skew what others could have been adopted , that would have insured the accomplishment of the object . It was not necessary for him , in this instance , to say that the whole of the force employed on this occasion , had not been provided for this expedition originally . A very large part of it had been employed to assist the king of Sweden , the remainder had been provided in 'principles of precaution , and , as the influx of intelli- 277 gence demonstrated the critical nature of the emergency , or , as the views of France developed themselves , it became the more necessary to employ the whole upon this important service.—As to the demand of the fleet , he was at issue with the right hon . gent . ; but as he meant to object to the production of the Papers he called for , he thought it right to state , that the proposition intended to have been made in the first instance to the court of Denmark , was to surrender its fleet in deposit , to be returned on the conclusion of peace . This proposition had not been submitted to the Danish government , because the gentleman who was the bearer of it , on his arrival at . Kiel , felt confident that he should see the Prince on the following morning , but found in the morning that the Prince had set out for Copenhagen ; on following the Prince to Copenhagen he found he had returned to Kiel . The Danish minister whom he met at Copenhagen , had orders not to beat upon the terms he was authorized to propose : the minister at Kiel could not treat till the return of a courier from Copenhagen ; the minister at Copenhagen could not open a negotiation till the return of a messenger from Kiel . Under these circumstances , it was impossible to enter into any negotiation that could hold out any prospect of a speedy or satisfactory result , and thus it was that the original proposition had never been submitted to the Danish government . A sufficient force had been sent to justify the court of Denmark to France in conceding to our demand , or , if it did not concede , to accomplish the object for which had been dispatched.—As to the violated dignity of the Danish nation , the very display of our force before Copenhagen might be considered a violation of that dignity . If one of our cruizers had searched a single Danish ship , or stopped a corporal 's guard going to Zealand , this might also be called an attack upon that nation ; and upon this subject lie should quote a great authority upon the law of nations , which he held in his hand . That great modern expositor of the law of nations , whom the right hon . gent . in the religious part of his speech , seemed to consider as a special instrument in the hands of providence , Buonaparte , who , in his tender concern for the interests of this country , always took care to give an exposition of his sentiments at a time when it would bear oil a parliamentary debate , bad given , in a Moniteur which arrived 278 this very day , a sufficient proof of what would have made him consider Denmark as in a state of hostility with France . When the Austrian minister , Starhemberg , was recalled , he was particularly ordered to leave London by the 20th , as parliament were to meet on the 21st : and a Moniteur which had arrived this very clay , had given an exposition of Buonaparte 's sentiments with respect to neutrals . In the justification of the conduct of France towards Portugal , one of Buonaparte 's ministers says in his official