, limited as it was in point of time with respect to our acceptance of it , and communicated as it was , might be considered grating to the feelings of this country ; but from the statement of his noble friend ( lord Hutchinson ) on a former evening , it was proved that the emperor did riot wish to limit the time of our acceptance . If , however , he was not disposed , under all the circumstances , to find much fault with the rejection of the Russian mediation , he saw much to blame in the rejection of the Austrian offer of mediation . He thought the answer to prince Starhem- 436 berg was petulant , and did not evince any disposition on the part of ministers favourable to peace . Whatever were the objections to the mediation of Russia , they did not apply to that of Austria . The note of Prince de Starhemberg on this subject was dated the 25th of April , and nothing appeared about it in the Papers before the house until the 20th Oct. During this long interval , he had conceived that there would be some further correspondence on the subject ; he had been , however , informed by the noble secretary of state , that in point of fact there were no official notes : there had been some conversations , which , however , were not in a shape to be laid before parliament . It was important , however , that their lordships should be in possession of all the information that could be had , and it should be recollected that we had at that time two ministers at Vienna , one of whom was there on a special mission . He therefore intended to move for copies , or extracts , of Dispatches which passed between his majesty 's government and the Austrian minister , and from the British minister at Vienna . —The next point on which he wished for further information related to the note of baron Budberg , of the 30th of June . In that note , some charges affecting the honour and character of this country were preferred , charges which it was the duty , of his majesty 's minister at the court of Russia to repel . These charges were afterwards repeated in the note of count Romanzow , and more specifically set forth in the Russian Declaration . They were contained under three heads : the refusal to lend any military assistance to Russia , the refusal to facilitate the negociation of a loan in this country , and the vexations suffered by the commerce of Russia . Of these three heads of accusation the last only was repelled in his majesty 's Declaration . The two first were passed over in that perfect silence , which implied an acquiescence in the truth of the charges . The first was by far the most serious , and upon that he must claim their lordships indulgence for some time . The refusal to make any military diversion in favour of the continent , was one of the chief accusations against that administration , of which he had the honour to form a part . It was a charge which had been pressed against them by their opponents in all possible shapes . This calumny had been industriously circulated among the public , and much relied upon in another place ; but 437 he trusted before he sat down he should satisfy their lordships that it was wholly unfounded . His lordship here went into a detail of the military operations upon the continent during the time the late administration were in power , and maintained that at no time was the course of events such , as to justify them in sending a large army to the continent . There were only three points at which a diversion , or co-operation , could be effected . It must have been attempted either in France , Holland , or within the Baltic . What would 25 or 30,000 men , the most which could have