lower than what had been prescribed by the act of 1791 . He wished to know , whether the unclaimed lottery prizes were included in the papers . These advances on the dividends ought unquestionably to be made , and he did not see that they depended on the consent of the bank , rather than the reasonableness of the thing , any more than the rest of the agreement . The large rate of allowance which the bank enjoyed for the management of the national debt , he strongly condemned . Even in 1786 , the report of the auditors of public accounts stated , that the business could be done for 200l . in the million , and this at a period when the debt was comparatively small . Great as was his respect for the illustrious man , who at that time presided over the finances of the country , he could not help thinking that he had made an improvident bargain on the subject . He conceived it would have been infinitely better in the present instance , had a larger reduction been made in the rate of allowance , even if that reduction had been elected by reducing the amount of the loan ; for the reduction of the rate of allowance would be a permanent advantage to the country , while the advantage derived from the loan was contingent ; although he feared that that contingency would be of long duration . At the termination of the war , the benefits resulting from the loan would cease ; and by fixing the rate of allowance by a legislative admission , it would be rendered difficult again to open the subject . There was another point which must be contemplated with some jealousy . The bank had in their hands the complete coinage of the circulation of the country , without an equivalent paid . It would be as easy for them to coin the sums advanced to government , as to coin the amount of their notes cancelled yesterday . He was aware that this could not be done indefinitely , but it might be done to a great extent . The country had certainly reason to be satisfied with the prudence with which that branch of the public economy , the management of the national debt , had been conducted by the bank ; but it was evident , that in return , they derived con- 423 siderable benefit from the public balances remaining in their hands . To suppose otherwise , would be to suppose that the bank were ignorant of that with which every common banker was conversant . He did not like any thing that drew the bank into too close a connection with the ministry . Be wished them to feel mutual good will , but to be perfectly independent of each other . Were he asked , however , would he adopt the bargain such as it was , or change the mode of managing the debt , he would answer , that so many difficulties and inconveniences must result from such a change , that inadequate and disadvantageous as the terms were , if they were the best that could be obtained , he would acquiesce in them rather than set the whole business afloat . observed , that the right hon . chancellor of the exchequer , seemed to think it a matter of course , that provided the nature of the bargain , as to the public gain derived from it , were approved , no other objection could arise to it . In the outset he would state this vital objection , which he confessed was not new ; that while the public restricted the bank from paving in specie , it was at least highly indelicate that the public should derive benefit from that restriction . But could the right hon . gent . have asked for a loan of 3 millions had it not been for that restriction ? Would any bank directors tell him , that the loan would have been granted with so much composure , had it not been