as a diversion which , it was said , must be successful , if accompanied with troops . No troops were sent , and it was unsuccessful . There being no object for the further continuance of hostility , a negociation for peace with the Porte was commenced , in conjunction with Russia , and the Treaty was far advanced when Russia broke off from us , to negociate under the influence of France , and thus induced the Porte to break off the negociation with us.—With respect to the only remaining independent state , namely , Sweden , it was our duty to invigorate , inspire , and support it , rather than to excite doubt and despondency . He should say more on this subject in a few days , when he should probably have to bring down a message from his majesty , calling on the house to make provision for subsidiary engagements w hick were about to be concluded with the king of Sweden , and which would be communicated to the house of course.—With respect to the differences with America , it had been thought right , frankly and voluntarily to disavow the unauthorised act of hostility towards the Chesapeake . The provocation the officer who had committed that act had received , went far to excuse him : but the right of searching ships of war had never been acted upon long or to any extent , and in later times it had not been acted upon at all . It was , therefore , thought right to abandon this unfounded pretension unequivocally ; but in doing so , his majesty 's ministers were determined not to concede a point of what the strict and established right of Great Britain , and the usage of nations justified , and required the British government to support . With respect to the late Orders of Council , retaliating the restrictions of the French government upon our commerce , he maintained our right to go as far as France , and that it was only by making France feel the effects of her own injustice , that we could hope to bring her to more reasonable conduct . The vigour of the British navy when put forth with a determination which the moderate spirit of the government had hitherto restrained , would prove equal to cope with the power that France had established on the land . It would appear , that if France combined all the 68 powers of the continent to oppress us , the effect was but to increase our strength and energy , and to make us triumph under oppression . He had thought it right to say thus much now , in explanation of the grounds he meant to go upon when the several questions should come to be more particularly discussed hereafter . said , that whatever merit as to style , the speech ascribed to his majesty might possess , it wanted the more vulgar but more important merit of a full statement of facts . It was a singular instance to be in a state of war with a power against which there were no documents to prove an hostile act . The only reason stated for refusing information was , that those who had communicated the intelligence might be thereby injured . But , all the mischief that could be occasioned by this had been done already , for ministers had in a public Declaration stated , that they had intelligence as to the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit . It was extraordinary in those who had , about a year and a half ago , exposed the ministers of different courts to animadversion , by their communications , to be so scrupulous on this point . With regard to the expedition to Lisbon sent out by the late ministers , it was curious enough to hear it said , that it had failed , merely because its object had been attained without the violence employed against Denmark . if lord St. Vincent had proceeded as ministers had done , where would now have been their