habits of constant and familiar intercourse with the emperor . It was therefore with great satisfaction he found that lord Hutchinson was induced , from motives of curiosity , to visit St. Petersburgh ; for , knowing that that noble lord would have many more opportunities of private interviews with the emperor of Russia than he , in his official situation , could possibly expect , he flattered himself that the result might be highly advantageous to the two countries . Lord H. had communicated to him confidentially his conversation with the emperor ; but certainly he did not understand that the noble lord meant this conversation to be the subject of a public dispatch . He had looked upon it as the confidential communication of a confidential conversation . He had therefore inclosed it in a private letter to his right hon . friend , not thinking it proper that the confidential conversation of the emperor of Russia with a private individual should be entered on the records of a public office . said , the account given by his noble friend of the circumstances connected with the two topics to which he had alluded , made it hardly necessary for him to trouble the house on 607 these points . The argument of the.hon . gent . however , who had made the motion , seemed to go to this , that a communication by a crowned head to an unaccredited agent of another country was equally proper to be produced , as if such communication had been made to an accredited agent . In this respect , he thought the hon . gent . had in some shape abandoned the motion of which he gave notice yesterday , and which stood on the Journals of the house . If , however , the hon . gent . after the statement of the noble lord had driven him from the one argument , should be inclined to maintain the other , he must contend , not only that communications made to accredited agents of this country , but even to travellers led to any foreign country by curiosity , and by them transmitted in a private letter to a person holding any official situation in this country , were proper evidence to be submitted to this house . He expressed his sorrow , that a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grenville ) was not present . He might have suggested to the hon . mover the proper mode of rendering such private letter a good public and official document . He could have told him to what Board , to apply for this purpose , whether to the Admiralty , Victualling , or Transport . If he could only have laid his hand on some obsolete Note , that right hon . gent . would have instructed him how to make it official : he would have put him in the proper way to intreat— `` Oh , let my little Note attendant sail . `` — Lord G. L. Gower had already explained , that he ( Mr. C. ) had , to the best of his ability , vindicated the late ministry from the charges made against them by the Russian government , and had also stated substantial reasons why neither the Note nor answer could be produced . He was convinced the hon . mover was satisfied on that head , and would not insist on the production of a paper which might do a treat deal of injury , merely with a view of making his own argument a little better or a little worse . Worse , he could assure him , after all , would it undoubtedly be made , were the Note produced . By sonic of the hon . gent . 's other motions , he seemed to have it in view , to ascertain , whether the cause of the country , as administered by the late government , had been defended by the present government . He appeared to think , that enough had not been done by the present ministers to maintain what had been