ministers were preparing to send a fleet to the Baltic ; and he hoped that they would do so , not for the purpose either of taking Holstein from the French , or Zealand from the Danes , or of making good their promise to the king of Sweden by taking Norway , but he hoped with the intention of securing the Swedish fleet . The king of Sweden must be the most unreasonable man in the world if he hesitated to deliver it into our hands as a deposit , and it certainly was an object of sufficient importance to engage the attention of ministers . It was well known that Sweden was in possession of the best flotilla in the world , and did it fall into the power of our enemy , it was much more likely to he converted into an instrument of effecting an invasion of this country than the Danish navy . But reverting to a general view of the question , he put it to the house whether it would sanction the 744 new system of withholding all information relative to the measures of ministers . If it did , it would be better to decide at once , that the interference of that house was at all times an impediment to the operations of government ; that parliament was a nuisance in difficult times ; that it would be better for the king to prorogue it during pleasure , raise money as he pleases , and make war or peace when , how , or on what terms , he may think proper . He implored ministers , however , to give up the detestable system upon which they had lately been endeavouring to act ; namely , that of fighting Buonaparte with his own weapons . They would do much better to continue to fight with those weapons which the nation was better accustomed to handle . Let them oppose lenity and moderation to his cruelty and oppression ; let them oppose good faith to his treachery and duplicity ; to his violence and despotism let them oppose the mildness of the British constitution ; and above all , to his mystery let them oppose publicity . He concluded with moving , 1 . `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions-that there be laid before this house , as far as the same can be done without prejudice to the public service , Copies or Extracts of any Correspondence which passed between his majesty 's ministers and the Danish Chargé d ' Affaires , or his secretary , resident at the court of London , from the date of the Capitulation of Copenhagen , to their departure , together with the minutes of any verbal communications between the same : 2 . Copies or Extracts of all Correspondence which passed , after the Capitulation of Copenhagen , between his majesty 's ministers and the court of Stockholm , relative to the retaining possession of the Island of Zealand by a Swedish army , or in concert with his majesty 's forces ; and also Copies of any Correspondence which may have passed between the courts of Copenhagen and Stockholm relating to the same , and communicated to his majesty 's minister residing at the court of Stockholm . '' was not ashamed to confess , that he at all times felt considerable difficulty in disagreeing from his right hon . friend ; and that , in this instance , his difficulty was much increased , not by the line of argument adopted by his right hon . friend , but by the humour with which he had treated subjects stated to be atrocious , and the gravity with 745 which he had dwelt upon things trifling and unimportant . The right hon . gent . had set out with a discussion of the particular benefits of the British constitution , which he contrasted with the practice of despotic governments . But his right hon . friend had pushed this contrast to a greater extent than any writer or