copies of any presentment , & c. was then agreed to . then moved for a select committee to examine the allegations of the petition , and report to the house . preferred a commission in the first instance , and would therefore oppose the motion . declared his preference of the parliamentary mode . brought forward the motions of which he had given notice , respecting the Danish ships captured , or detained by our cruizers , previous to any declaration of war . He did not foresee there would be any objection to the production of the accounts he should move for ; he only looked for them as the grounds on which to build a future and general motion respecting these proceedings . The noble viscount concluded with making four distinct motions , the object of which was , to ascertain the number of ships and vessels belonging to Denmark , which were found and detained in the British ports , previous to the issue of any Order in Council for their capture or detention ; also of the ships captured and brought in pursuant to that order , and that declaration of war ; also , of the number of Danish ships that had been condemned and confiscated , in consequence of the decisions of the courts of admiralty and of appeal ; and of the number of ships whose case was now pending before those courts —After a few words pending the earl of Suffolk and lord Hawkesbury the motions were agreed to . The house resolved itself into a committee on the Mutiny bill . On the clause being read for allowing men to enlist for life , restated the opinion he had delivered on a former occasion , on the merits of the system of limited service . It was a system almost universally approved , not only by the ablest generals of foreign nations , but by the most experienced military men of this country . It was a system that was gradually improving , and that promised the fairest results . He was sorry that such a moment as the present should be seized to interrupt its progress ; and so convinced was he of the mischiefs that must arise from that interruption , that he must beg leave to propose as an amendment , That the words granting the power of enlisting for life , be left out of the clause . was a friend to the system of limited service ; but various reasons concurred to induce him to agree to the clause , because it must be obvious that a very different system was necessary with respect to our colonial and our home defence . If the house but duly considered the extent and distance of our settlements , 1180 and the immense expence incurred by sending out men to India , for example , they must be convinced that an enlistment for seven years would by no means answer the object with regard to the Colonies . arid Darnley supported the plan for limited service , and complained that the present clause was inserted in the bill only with an insidious intention to undermine it . was convinced from experience that a mixture of the two systems , of limited and unlimited service , was best calculated for the various circumstances of the defence of the empire . was loud in the praises of the limited system . It alone could gain us the hearts as well as the arms of soldiers , and without their hearts , their arms would be of little avail , in the moment of difficulty and danger to which the country might perhaps be soon exposed . took a retrospective view of the state of the army , and of the various plans that had at different times been devised for recruiting it . He disliked the frequent interference of the legislature in what regarded our military establishment . In his opinion , it was best entrusted to the care and management of the chief executive magistrate ; and it was found of late to improve and flourish under the auspices