the merchants of England trading to the East Indies , from selling any of the goods or merchandize they may import , and compels them on bringing any of the said goods or merchandize into this country , to warehouse them under the king 's lock for re-exportation . 2 . A clause , for taking off , in certain cases , a duty of two shillings a ton , imposed on ships of the United States of America , by the act of the 37th of his Majesty 's reign . 3 . A clause , enacting that no action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any persons for any thing alone in pursuance of the Orders in Council , of the 9th and 25th of November , 1807 , except such action be commenced within three calendar months after the fact committed and many other clauses which are , stronger and more direct violations of 1156 the said Standing Order , than any thing contained in the bill rejected on the 3d of August , 1807 . 4 . Because , when we reflect , that the bill rejected on the 3d of Aug. 1807 , purports to be a bill for establishing Regulations tending greatly to the benefit of the fair trader and the security of the Revenue ; and that the bill now under the discussion of this house , is a bill which appears from the votes of the house of commons , to have been complained of by numbers of petitioners , as destructive of trade and revenue , we can not conceive any reasonable ground why this house should now disregard a Standing Order , which is of such fundamental importance to the preservation of the constitution , and which it has on all occasions , particularly in the instance above referred to , shewn so much anxiety to enforce , whenever any attempt to contravene it has attracted attention.—We are therefore apprehensive , that this departure from the established principle and recent practice of the house , may be suspected to have proceeded from a desire to hurry through parliament this complicated and dangerous measure , which threatens the destruction of our commerce , and to prevent the people of this country from being heard against the provisions of a bill , which may prove ruinous to their most valuable interests . Lauderdale , Spencer , Grenville , Auckland , Essex , Grey , Vassal Holland , Cowper , King , Jersey , Stafford , Erskine , Cawdor , Cholmondeley , Crewe , Clifton . '' pursuant to notice , rose to move , that the petitioners who prayed by petition , yesterday , to be admitted as parties to defend the seat of Mr. Fuller against the petition of Mr. Sergison , the defence of which had been abandoned by the sitting member , do , on or before the 21st of March , exchange lists with the original petitioner , of the persons whose votes were to be objected to , together with the several heads of the objection against the names of each person intended to be objected against , to be delivered to the agent or agents of the respective parties . The petition of Mr. Sergison , he observed , was ordered to be taken into consideration on the 24th , and the Election Judicature bill enacted , that petitioners claiming to be heard as parties in defence of an aban- 1157 doned seat , were to be considered , to all intents and purposes , in the place of the sitting member . As the resolutions of the house , therefore , required that lists of objectionable votes should be exchanged between the sitting member and the petitioner against his return , within a reasonable time , he trusted that the house would , in this instance , see the necessity of appointing some day for the exchange of such list between the original petitioner and the parties who had succeeded to the place of the sitting member in the defence of the seat . He should therefore move , that the said lists