and honourable principles upon which his imperial maj. expresses his belief , that France is desirous of concluding a peace with G . Britain . '' Sir , the formal demand of the communication of the articles of the treaty of Tilsit , appears to me to have been unnecessary , because in the event of the acceptance of the mediation , or even with- 813 out the acceptance of the mediation , the articles of the treaty of Tilsit would certainly have been made known to the king . A statement of the equitable and honourable principles upon which his imperial maj. expresses his belief that France was desirous of concluding a peace with G. Britain , was not only unnecessary but repulsive . What explanation could be given of equitable and honourable principles ? the words equity and honor carry with them their own meaning , and admit of no explanation . I think , therefore , that the whole of the demand , made by the Secretary for foreign affairs of Mr. Alopeus , previous to his giving a more specific answer on the subject of the negotiation , was conceived , not in the spirit of confidence or conciliation towards Russia , which if you had any , the most remote intention of eventually accepting her offer of mediation ought to have been manifested , but in the spirit of distrust mid cavil , inconsistent with the fidelity she had displayed towards you . The expression of Mr. Alopeus was , that the emperor of Russia , `` had had reason to be convinced that the emperor of the French was sincerely desirous of the re-establishment of a maritime peace ; '' [ p . 113 . ] the expression of gen. de Budberg was , that he was certain that the emperor of the French would accept of the mediation of Russia ; and this was artfully interpreted into a mere expression of belief for the purpose of the more readily escaping from the offer of mediation.—Sir , before I proceed to the second part of the papers which have been laid before us , it may be necessary to say some words upon the character of a mediator . We have been told that strict impartiality is necessary to that character , but it may be permitted to ask what , at the outset , do you mean by impartiality ? It is not , I presume , that you would be stoically severe , and really he displeased that there should be a leaning in the mind of the mediator towards yourself ? All that you would require would be , that there should be no bias in his mind towards your enemy ; but it is necessary to make allowances , and there must be a distinction drawn between those feelings upon which partiality is founded , and that combination of circumstances which may lead to actions directly contrary to the line of conduct to which the affections of the mind would point . Now Russia had manifested to the latest moment her sincere friendship towards this country , If I am correct in my 814 reasoning , after the overthrow of her greatness she still displayed her affection towards you , by thinking of your welfare , at the time of her bitterest misfortunes . True it is that she had entered into engagements with France , which might be inconsistent with your interest , but those engagements , imposed by force , were not calculated to extinguish the feelings of affection towards this country , by which she had been ever actuated . On the contrary , they must have rather conduced to augment and heighten them , and therefore ( as I should say ) she would have been a most partial mediator , so far as her disposition went , for this country ; —in the common acceptation of the word she was a mediator possessing strict impartiality , and on that account could not be rejected . Moreover , supposing she were not impartially disposed at time period of her making the offer of mediation , by