1,200,000l . which was to be computed towards the amount of the total benefits realized at present . In addition to that ought to be taken also the amount of balances then in contemplation , according to Mr. Thornton 's evidence , which was 2,500,000l . This amount of balances was to be deducted from 10,000,000l . and left 7,500,000l. , which was the amount upon which the present arrangement was to be calculated . The arrangement now entered into , gave to the public , besides the 500,000l . of unclaimed dividends , one-half of the reduced balance after the arrangements made by Mr. Pitt . Then there was to be added the 1,200,000l . in consequence of the arrangement entered into by the noble lord opposite , which made the advantage to the public considerably more than a moiety of the benefit derived by the bank . If some would say that the 2,500,000l . arranged for by Mr. Pitt , according to Mr. Thornton 's evidence , should not be deducted from the total balances of 10,000,000l . he submitted , that on the full consideration of all the circumstances , the agreement now proposed was as fair a participation of the profits of the bank , as the public could expect , under the Report of the Committee of Finance.—Having stated these circumstances , as to the manner of reforming the allowances of management , it remained for him only to say , that the precise benefit to be given to the public was an advance of three millions without interest , during the war , and till six months after a definitive treaty . Thus far the bank had given its full sanction to the arrangement . On the next head , the bank had acceded so completely , that what he had to submit would be found so fair and equitable between the public and its creditors , and so perfectly competent to the right and powers of the house , that there could be no difficulty of arranging and agreeing to it without the consent of the bank . He alluded here to the unclaimed dividends . This , like the other parts of the present arrangement , originated in the Report of the Committee of Finance . But the manner in which the account of unclaimed dividends had been called for by that committee , had rather produced an increase in the calcu- 420 lation upon which the loan was grounded . The unclaimed dividends , according to the report of the committee , amounted on the 8th of July to 986,573l . and at the lowest period of some antecedent years they had not fallen below 900,000l . This calculation had been taken on the day before payment , whereas it ought to have been taken on the day after . In demanding 500,000l . for the public in addition to 376,739l . advanced under the act of 1791 , provision was to be made that the balance ready for the payment of the public creditor should not be reduced below 100,000l . and according as any reduction below that sum should take place , a proportion of the 500,000l . should be refunded from the exchequer to make up the deficiency . The definition of an unclaimed dividend was one that had lain in the bank undemanded from the day of payment of dividends before the last . The bank in agreeing to pay 500,000l . out of the surplus of this species of dividend would have exceeded the amount of the precise fund ; and therefore the governor and directors would not undertake to go so far without the consent of the proprietors of bank stock in general courts . It was impossible to ask the bank to make the advance out of such a fund on its own authority . But when the power of the public came to be considered , with respect to the money due to its creditors , it appeared that the public provided sufficiently for the security of all demands , when a constant balance of 100,000l . was reserved , never to