not doubt whether he was the Austrian or the French minister , and pretending to have such a doubt , was in itself most offensive to the person whom you addressed . The alternative is then put , that the prince de Stahremberg acts under the authority of the court of Vienna : and recognizing the ambassador in his proper character , his majesty complains `` of the little reference that is had by the court of Vienna , to the conditions which were in April stated by his majesty to be indispensible preliminaries to the opening of a negociation , for while the note of the undersigned of the 23d of November last , is cited by the prince de Stahremberg the foundation of the present proposal , his majesty observes with surprise , that this proposal nevertheless extends only to the powers combined with France in the war against G. Britain , and not to the allies of G. Britain in the war with France . '' Sir , in dwelling upon the expression contained in the note of the prince de Stahremberg , I have said all I have to say , upon this part of Mr. Canning 's answer . I contend that the expression , in the prince de Stahremberg 's 831 letter , is , to say the least of it , equivocal ; that if it be equivocal , it was the duty of Mr. Canning to have obtained from the prince de Stahremberg , a distinct interpretation of it ; and if he did not think that necessary , he ought to have given an interpretation the most favourable to the court of Vienna ; which would have been , that she adhered to her original proposition of the 18th of April ; but that it is most unjustifiable to put an arbitrary construction upon an equivocal sentence , and then argue as if that construction were it 's real , true , undisputed construction . In this case , undoubtedly , the grammatical construction of the sentence in question was of great importance : and I am persuaded , that neither Austria offered , nor did France intend that the mediation of that court should be offered to the exclusion of the allies of G. Britain . The other alternative is then taken , that the prince Stahremberg speaks in the name of the court of the Thuilleries . It is on this hypothesis said , that in professing to speak in the name of another power , besides that of Austria , a statement of some precise authority on the part of that power should have been made , or some specific and authenticated document produced which alone could justify the court , to which he addressed himself , in founding a public and important measure upon such a communication ; '' certainly if he had professed to speak in the name of France , powers from France ought to have been produced ; but the decisive , and ready answer to the whole of that paragraph is , that he did not profess to speak in the name of France.—We now come to a most extraordinary part of the Note , in which the secretary of state says , `` that it was reasonably to be expected , that a pledge as solemn and authentic on the part of France , as that given by his majesty to France , should have been communicated before his majesty could be called upon to make any further advance . '' I should have thought that the proposal on the part of France , for England to send negotiators to Paris , was a pledge of the pacific disposition of France ; but to my great surprise , I find that this desire is most grossly `` misconstrued into an implication of an unjustifiable doubt of the sincerity of his majesty 's professions . '' I really am quite at a loss for any ground , upon which this can be plausibly stated . It appears to me so completely different from the notion that any person endowed with the least degree