information were denied , why wag it denied ? because it did not exist ; because his majesty 's minister at Copenhagen did not send home any information of a preparation for hostility in Denmark , for he could not have done so with.truth ; because his Majesty 's naval officers had not noticed any naval exertions in the ports of Denmark , for no such exertions had been manifested . The house would therefore be justified in concluding that no steps had been taken by Denmark , which had awakened jealousy or roused suspicion . He had made it his business to enquire what had been the conduct of Denmark with regard to their own ships , and their valuable cargoes , which were in the ports of Great Britain , at the very time that the Expedition against Copenhagen was fitting out . When admiral Gambier was preparing to sail , many of the : Danish captains hearing , 256 amongst-other rumours , that it was as likely that the British force was destined against Denmark as against any other place , consulted the Danish consul on the subject . The consul applied to the Chamber of Commerce in Copenhagen , a branch of the public administration of government . He received for answer , that there was not the smallest ground for anxiety or alarm on the part of the Danish mercantile interest , for that no such circumstances existed , which tended to disturb the neutrality of Denmark , or to place her in a state of hostility with Great Britain . At the time that this answer was received , there were 350 Danish ships in British ports , with ear goes amounting to two millions sterling . Was it possible to suppose , that under these circumstances , When the Danish government declared to her commercial interest that they need not hurry themselves—that there was no fear of an interruption of the good understanding with Great Britain ; —was it possible to suppose , that when a third of the commercial property of Denmark was in our hands , the Danish government meditated hostility against us ? Such a thing was incredible . But it was said , that though Denmark herself might entertain no hostile disposition against Great Britain , she was likely soon to be forced into a state of hostility , and that , therefore , we were justified in seizing her marine , without any previous notice to Denmark and without any previous behaviour on her part to provoke us to that seizure . If our conduct could he at all justified on this ground , it must be on the necessity of anticipating the views of the enemy with regard to the Danish float . No writer on the law of nations , or on any other law , or on common justice , had ever maintained that one power could-be justified in taking from another power what belonged to it , unless a third power meant , and was able , to take the same thing . The justification of this step , therefore , must rest on the necessity of it , which would depend on these Circumstances : the weakness of Denmark , or her indisposition to resist compulsion ; the strength of her enemy , and the certainty that she must yield to its force . Every shadow of proof that Denmark must have yielded to a hostile confederacy was out of the case . It was necessary to enquire What were the means which France possessed of accomplishing her object . One of his Resolution went to ascertain what information his majesty 's 257 ministers had received respecting the power that France possessed of seizing the Danish navy If his majesty 's ministers knew the intentions of France on this subject , surely they were not so negligent as to omit informing themselves of her power to carry those intentions into execution . What was the relative situation of the two countries ? At the time that admiral Gambier sailed , a great part of the Danish army was encamped in Holstein ; a