force . The effective force was within 13,000 of the establishment ; an approximation scarcely ever known before . The cavalry was on the same foot- 754 ing as last year . Some trifling reduction was intended , but not sufficient to snake any alteration in the estimate . The waggon train was reduced to 500 horses . It had been proposed last year , but the employment of the number of horses and waggons now kept up , was more economic than the hiring of waggons to do the necessary work . The men were trained to arms , and it was desirable to keep them in his majesty 's service . The next article was the militia , which , he was happy to say , was as near its full complement as ever , after having given to the line an addition , of 24,000 disciplined men . The Volunteer Estimate was the same as that of last year , with the addition of the charge for Inspecting Field Officers . With respect to Foreign Corps , a small addition had been made to the German Legion , but not such as to make any difference in the effective force , which was still the same . In the Royal Military College a Board of General Officers had thought fit to make a small increase of the salaries of the Chief Officers , and to augment the Staff . He trusted this establishment would be preserved , increased , and made permanent . In every military country there were establishments of this description , and in no country were they so much wanted as they were in this , in which there were not the same opportunities that the continent possessed of observing and comparing the merits and defects of a number of armies , and selecting whatever was good from the practice of each . After recapitulating the several items of increase , the right hon . secretary concluded with moving , `` That 124,000 effective men be voted for the service of guards and garrisons , & c. for 366 days , from 1st Jan. 1808 , to 1st Jan. 1809 , both inclusive . '' asserted , that all his apprehensions of the disorganization of the militia , and the increase of the bounties by the volunteering were made good ; . of . 16,000 men that had volunteered from the British militia , only 1600 had entered for life , and most of them being superannuated , entered for life to get the additional bounty , in the confidence of being discharged again before the 7 years should elapse . He allowed the militia would he filled up again by May , but not without infinite hardship to those classes of the people that ought to be particularly spread . admitted that the estimates , from the approaching expiration of the Mutiny act , must be voted without 755 delay . Still he thought it hard to be called on to vote them when they had not been 24 hours printed ; and when some of the most important returns were not yet printed . He blamed the precipitancy with which the most important public measures were pressed forward , without sufficient information ; and without sufficient opportunities of discussion.—After some further conversation , the various items of the Estimate were put and carried . next moved the estimate for Ordnance service , amounting to 5,300,000l . wished for some explanation how this estimate could exceed , by nearly a million and a half , that which he himself had brought forward when in office , about a year since . explained , that it arose from arrears of former years , and accumulated exceedings not provided for under the heads of debt to the navy departments for stores furnished ; exceedings of former estimates for Ireland ; expedition to Copenhagen ; works at Chatham , Woolwich , and Dover , with various items , which he stated . thanked the hon . gent . for the explanation which it was his own duty to ask ; but there were some other points