the victory at Plassey , by this measure he gave it such stamina , that the abuses and misrule which prevailed there for some years , after he quitted the country , were not able to destroy it . And here , sir 1009 beg leave to lay before you in his own words the reasons he gave to the court of directors for having adopted this important measure . `` The perpetual struggles for superiority between the nabobs and your agents , together with the recent proofs before us of notorious and avowed corruption , have rendered us unanimously of opinion , after the most mature deliberation , that no other method can be found , of laying the axe to the root of all those evils , than the obtaining the dewanny of Bengal , Bahar and Orissa for the company . By this acquisition of the dewanny your possessions and influence are rendered permanent and secure , since no future nabob will either have power or riches sufficient to attempt your overthrow by means either of force or corruption . All revolutions must henceforwards be at an end , as there will be no fund for secret services donations , or restitutions : the nabob can not answer the expectations of the venal and mercenary , nor will the company comply with demands injurious to themselves out of their own revenues . The experience of years has convinced us , that a division of power is impossible , without generating discontent and hazarding the whole ; all must belong either to the company or the nabob . The power is now lodged where it can only be lodged with safety to us , so that we may pronounce with some degree of confidence , that the worst which will happen in future will proceed from temporary ravages only . The more we reflect on the situation of your affairs , the stronger appear the reasons for accepting the dewanny of those provinces , by which alone we could establish a power sufficient to perpetuate the possessions we hold , and the influence we enjoy . While the nabob acted in quality of collector for the mogul , the means of supporting our military establishments depended on his pleasure . In the most critical situations , while we stood balancing on the extreme verge of destruction , his stipulated payments were slow and deficient , his revenues withheld by disaffected rajahs and turbulent zemindars , who despised the weakness of his government ; or they were squandered in profusion and dissipated in corruption , the never failing symptoms of a declining constitution and feeble administration . Hence we were frequently disappointed of those supplies , upon the punctual receipt of which depended the very existence of the company in Bengal . Happy would it have been for Great Britain and the Carnatic had the 1010 government thereof , after having acquired the right and power by having conquered the country from France , avoided the fatal delusion of letting the dewanny slip out of their hands . The above description of the evils apprehended in Bengal , faintly represents what were realised in the Carnatic . Enough of this , until that question comes before the house . Sir , it appears that things remained for some years in this state , with an English brigade stationed in the province of Oude , until an invasion of it by a formidable combined Mahratta force under Scindia and Holkar in 1773 , the whole British army advanced and completely defeated them . In the year 1774 the Rohilla chiefs declining to fulfil their engagements of paying 40 lacks of rupees towards the expence of repelling the invasion of their country , and also manifesting a hostile disposition towards the vizier , the British army subdued them , and conquering the whole of Rohillund , placed it all under the government of Oude , with the exception of a few districts granted in jaghire to Fyzoola Khan , a chief who had submitted to their arms . On the death of Soujah Dowlah in 1775 , and the investiture of