king . `` —Leave granted . gave notice , that he would , on Monday , move , that the names of some additional persons be annexed to the Sugar Distillery committee . thought it proper on this occasion to call the attention of the house to certain statements which appeared in the public newspapers , purporting that the Sugar Committee had come to a resolution to recommend the prohibition of the use of grain in distillation , and that the report would be made in a week . The committee had come to no resolution , nor could it be presumed what resolution they would come to . All he could say was , that the committee was pursuing the investigation of the subject with the diligence which the importance of the subject required , and the fidelity that the trust reposed by the house demanded . He could not say at what time the Report would be made , though the committee , for its own sake , would be anxious to terminate its sittings as soon as possible . He thought it right to say thus much , in order to correct any false or premature statements that might have gone abroad . informed the noble lord , that it would be his duty to apply to that house for summary redress against any persons that should again so violate their privileges . pledged himself to the house , that if such a circumstance should again occur , he would bring it forthwith before the house . the chairman of the committee appointed to take into consideration the Petition complaining of an undue return for the borough of Penrhyn , reported , that the sitting member , Charles Lemon , esq . was duly elected , and that the said petition was frivolous and vexatious.—Mr . M. Pitt , the chairman of the committee appointed to take into consideration the Petition complaining of an undue return for the brother of Stirling , reported that A. Campbell , esq . the sitting member , was duly elected , and that the said petition did not appear to them to be frivolous or vexatious . made his motion on this subject . During the last four years above 25,000l had been paid by the Post Masters General of Great Britain , towards the establishment of Government Expresses from London to Dublin , without parliamentary authority . He wished to know , therefore , under what authority that sum had been paid . He wished also to obtain information respecting the steps intended to be taken for the improvement of the regular communication by mails and packets between London and Dublin . He repeated the statements which he made on a former night , respecting the exclusive communications which had been made by the Irish government to the editor of a Dublin newspaper , by which he was enabled to anticipate his contemporaries ; and contended that such a practice must in evitably ruin the other Irish papers , and materially injure the liberty of the press . He trusted , therefore , to the candour and liberality of the hon . bart . that he would abandon this obnoxious practice . He moved , That there be laid before the house , a return , showing by what authority the Post-Master General of Great Britain had paid the sum of 25,097l for Government Expresses between London and Dublin , from the 1st of Jan. 1804 , to the 1st of Jan. 1808. had no objection whatever to the motion . As to the communications which had been made by the Irish government to the editor of a Dublin newspaper , they had been made , because when an express did arrive , it was deemed expedient not to withhold from the Irish public the intelligence brought by it : they had been made to the editor of that paper , because it was the only daily evening paper published in Dublin ; and they had been made to him alone , because it was not practicable to send one set of papers to more than one place . He