listen to the demands of France . To France he hoped England would never bow her head . At this particular time he was fully aware how much it became her , to stand firmly on the high ground to which she was entitled , by her honour , by her dignity , by her resources . He was most ready to admit , that his majesty 's ministers would be fully justified in assuming the attitude he had described . If England stooped her head before France she would never raise it again ; but to say , whether ministers had acted right or wrong in the particular case to which he alluded , was impossible . His majesty had declared , that all the papers necessary to elucidate the subject , should be laid on the table . 'Till that were done , any opinion must be premature . He would , therefore , abstain from any further reference to the conduct of government on this subject . If it should be shown that that conduct had been right , he would approve it ; if wrong , he would not hesitate to express his disapprobation.—The next subject of great Importance in his majesty 's Speech was the conduct of government with regard to Copenhagen . If he might describe what appeared to him the intention of his majesty 's ministers on this point , it was to obtain from parliament an unqualified approbation of their conduct , without laying before it any evidence of , the urgency of the motives by which they had been impelled . They were ready to submit to the house the papers relating to the intercourse between Petersburgh and Vienna , but they seemed desirous to abstain from the production of papers which led to a step involving in itself what ought to be 50 the clearest object of national concern—national character . He hoped he should not be charged with asperity in the remarks which he felt it his duty to make on what had fallen from the noble mover of the Address , and from the hon . seconder . He had heard the noble lord with great pleasure , on account of the considerable ability which he had displayed : but , with the highest deference and respect towards him , he was bound to make a few observations on the doctrine he had broached . Ministers , in his majesty 's speech , justified the attack of a country , neutral , as it yet appeared , and unoffending , as it yet appeared , by declaring that a determination existed on the part of France , to seize the fleet of Denmark , and to convert it into the means of hostility against this country . This was the justification in the speech . But the noble lord and the hon . seconder justified the step on the ground that his majesty had too long forborn , and had been too long patient of the flagitious conduct of France to other powers , and that lie was right in departing from the course which , until that hour , he had prescribed to himself . Now , with regard to the first ground of justification , how the determination of France to endeavour to compel the Danes to join the hostile confederacy against this country , could justify our government in attacking the capital , and seizing the fleet of Denmark , without knowing whether or not she would have agreed to join that confederacy , was beyond his comprehension . If comprehensible at all , it must be from the supposition that the weakness of Denmark might induce her to submit . Now , if he understood the other ground of justification , it was , that our government were not hound to wait for any indications from neutral nations ; but that , because Bonaparte had acted unjustly to such nations , our government were authorised in acting unjustly too . In the whole course of the present war it had been the high boast of this country , that her conduct had been uniformly