no time to instruct their counsel so fully as they wished to do . It was their desire that-their petition should go hand in hand with that of the American merchants ; and as the consideration of that petition had been-postponed , he thought himself acting in . conformity with the wishes of his constituents , when he proposed a future day . In allusion to what his colleague had said about popularity , he remarked , that when a number of respectable merchants of Liverpool put a petition into his hands , he thought it his duty to present it , and not only that , but to procure them a hearing as soon as possible . He then . proposed Monday , but being told that both this and the two following days were pre-occupied , he chose Thursday as the day for hearing counsel . again said that he was desirous of popularity . If it was a sin to covet honour , he was the most offending Man alive . though sorry to interrupt the colloquy of the two colleagues , insisted upon the . awkward situation in which the house was placed , by the proceeding , and observed , that counsel must have , been instructed when the first petition came , and ought now to be ready . said , that hed seen counsel waiting in the lobby not an hour ago : and upon this information general Gas coyne expressed his hope , though the counsel could not be so well prepared as the importance of the case required , that the house would allow him to-expunge the word 'Thursday , ' for the purpose of inserting 'now ' . adverted to the course which had been taken with respect to these petitioners , and contended that they had a right to be heard in a manner that might be efficacious . They ought therefore to be heard now , unless ministers would agree to postpone the third reading of the bill . These merchants were the most competent in England to give information on this subject . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer might say that this delay was vexatious : to him it might be so ; but it was the duty of those who thought the measure a bad one , to support every thing which tended to procure additional information on the subject ; and , besides , it was of no importance that the bill should pass immediately . He concluded by moving , that counsel should be heard now , instead of Thursday . said , that the principle and the spirit of the rule of the house for bad any petition being received against a tax bill ; and the bill for carrying into effect the Orders in Council was a tax bill , and ought not to be delayed for this petition . The petitioners might have two remedies . There was a clause in the bill permitting it to be altered or repealed in this session , and petitioners might have that remedy if they made out a case sufficiently strong to induce the house to think that eligible . The house might also apply to his majesty by address to forbear acting upon the bill . The bill might therefore proceed , and the petitioners be heard on the day most convenient for them . could not but admire the advice given by the noble lord to the house , which was to proceed to pass a measure which might be proved to be a very foolish one , before hearing what was to be said against it , and then address the king to make it a mere nullity . This would not add much to the respectability of the character of the house . argued , that the petitioners ought to be heard before .the passing of the bill , because they ought bona fide to have such a hearing as-would be efficacious , No , .inconvenience would result 1065 from the delay of the bill , as the trade was in the mean time carried on