hands of France : but what did this government do on that occasion ? Did they send to bring their navy away ? No ; the noble lord believed ministers had no merit whatever in the departure of that Court . It was entirely to be attributed to the severe terms imposed by Buonaparte himself , and his positive refusal to allow the royal family any longer to reign.—His lordship was anxious to know , why Russia had been passed by , she being a party to the confederacy , while poor defenceless Denmark was made to suffer ? If matters might be supposed capable of being reconciled , why not give Denmark that opportunity , and punish the actual party in the offence ? The doctrines now introduced exploded every principle of the law of nations , and introduced a new system of spoliation . The scoff of dying with our hands on Puffendorf , did away all that Mr. Pitt had been contending for with the thunder of his eloquence for so many years , and all that had been struck with the keen arrows of the Anti-jacobin . Here the noble lord entered into a statement of the condition of the Danish ships , which he considered hardly fit for our service ; the ships were small of their class ; they were iron fastened , and not coppered . They would require , some of them , six gangs of shipwrights to fit them out in six weeks . Some of them would take six months . The same number of men would build a 74 in a year ; so that the repairs of these would cost half of the expence of a new ship of a superior kind . On this view , little advantage was to be gained from the Danish fleet.—As Ireland had been mentioned by a noble baron , he would avail himself of the present opportunity , strenuously to recommend to his majesty 's ministers , to take into their most serious consideration 380 the state of that generous , that heroic , though unfortunately oppressed , people , and by every means in their power to endeavour to amelioriate their condition , and thereby to render them the warm and steady partisans of the cause of G. Britain . He advised this the more earnestly , because he was convinced that this country would need every assistance that she could possibly obtain ; because he knew , that by the recent conduct of his majesty 's ministers , every power of the continent had become hostile to us . Even in Sweden , notwithstanding the steady adherence of the Swedish monarch to his alliance with this country , he was well informed that the Danish expedition had created considerable disgust ; and in Russia , after all that had been said on the subject , by a noble lord ( G. L. Cower ) in another place , he could positively assert , on authority that could not be contradicted , that the general feeling towards England was in the highest degree inimical . It was the first instance in which our character as a nation had been so deeply committed . Why the necessary information was refused he could not conceive . It could only be because ministers felt the weakness of their case ; because they felt that they had immolated the honour of the country , and by that sacrifice had forwarded , rather than retarded , the objects of the enemy . We had enabled France to shut the Sound against us , and to exclude our commerce from the continent . We had also given her a port , in which she would have the power of constructing a marine , with much more rapidity , and at infinitely less expence , than in any other port of Europe . Feeling most strongly the necessity of ample information on these and every other point connected with the subject , he should give his most cordial assent to the motion . entered into an examination of the conduct of the late administration with respect to