to prove the necessity of his case , unfortunately for him , the right hon . gent 's arguments would not tell against the matter of fact . He said , and so might he , that France intended to get the Danish navy ; but still the argument was not satisfactory . All he attempted to prove against Denmark was a terror of Buonaparte—that which many great powers had felt , and did yet feel . But he could not say the Crown Prince would have been a willing sacrifice ; that lie wished to shut his ports , or was disposed to give his fleet to France . The construction to be put on his conduct was the contrary . He did what he could , and was with his army in Holstein ; and was there up to the period of our expedition . The right hon . gent . argued this point at some length , and then came to the supposition that he might have submitted to France , though we see no good reason why he might not have defended his independence , and have died in the last dyke , and found Danes to die with him in their country 's defence . Well ; but if he had submitted ? To that he had one general answer : better let , Buonaparte take the fleet than we . Even if he had a greater certainty of that matter , he should say so still . Let them go . Had we taken the Portuguese fleet , it would not have been under the same circumstances , and the transaction must have assumed a very different character . But gentlemen opposite could not understand this sort of principle . No wonder ; because they seemed to have no feeling for national honour , nor regard for the rights and laws of nations . If the late ministers had taken the fleet at Lisbon , we should have lost no honour , Yet lie ( Mr. W. ) , though acting in the cabinet at that time , never acceded to any measure with more doubt and reluctance than he did , even to that , guarded as it was.—He again declared that he would sooner have seen the Danish fleet in Buonaparte 's hands than in ours , under all the circumstances in which we had seized upon it . He then entered into the question of right , and contended that we had none , except on a presumption that would justify us in the seizure of any neutral whatsoever . Then , what was the policy ? But we must discuss the right , and then go to the policy as a separate ground of argument . The right in this case blended itself with the 291 policy , since in fact necessity was only a superior ground of policy . Now , in this case , there was no right distinct from policy . If collusion could be Made out , if it could be proved that Denmark only wore a mask , then a belligerent would be able to manifest and establish a right . But the question stood upon an expediency , amounting , as it certainly must , to a necessity , and we must try that question before a jury of the country . Was it politic to a degree of necessity ? The character of this important transaction must stand upon its necessity . What was that necessity , that could justify our government in inflicting upon the Panes such severe calamities—the destruction of a great part of their city—the loss of so many lives of unoffending individuals , of all descriptions—the variety and pressure of miseries ? If it did not stand on necessity , how criminal was it to violate the law of nations , and to commit such offences against the whole civilized world ? What was it but an attack on the whole code of rules , laws , and usages , by which the civilized world was governed—a code adverse indeed , often , to the interests of powerful and