, and shewed that the neutrals using them , acquiesced in the Decree , and confederated with the enemy , and were therefore good grounds of capture . The noble earl repeated , that the object of these Orders was to regulate that which could not be prohibited , the circuitous trade through this country . concluded , that the Orders were a violation of the law of nations , and that we had no right to molest a neutral going to an enemy 's ports , unless in the 472 cases mentioned by his noble friend . The violent Decree of the French government , undoubtedly gave us a right to retaliate ; but to retaliate upon the enemy and not upon neutrals . He denied the construction put by the noble earl , upon the Order of the 7th of Jan. ; and contended that principles had been now attached to it , which were never in the contemplation of those who framed it . The noble earl had spoken of an impression in the United States ; but upon whom , or upon what part of the people , was the impression ? What was called a retaliation of the threatened blockade of France , he contended was much more than a blockade ; and he would ask the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , whether this was not so ? The principle of a blockade was to prevent the entrance of vessels into the blockaded ports—it went no farther : vessels having notice not to enter the blockaded ports , might proceed to any other port whatever that was not in a state of blockade . But here we not only extended the principle of blockade to ports not actually blockaded , which was all that was on any side contended France had done , but we would not permit the vessels thus excluded , to proceed to any other ports they pleased . We forced them to come in here . They might choose to make for Sweden or any other neutral country ; but even this they were not allowed to do . And , therefore , these Orders in Council were not only contrary to the law of nations , but exceeded any thing that it was pretended France had done.—His lordship then went on to observe , that we had no right to alter the law of nations of our own authority . It was a question in which other nations were concerned , and they ought therefore to be consulted . We had no more right to alter it for our own convenience , than a judge here had to alter the law of the land without the authority of parliament . Suppose the lord chief baron , for whom he expressed a high respect , should take it into his head to say that smuggling had grown to such an extent , that he would permit no goods to be carried from one place to another without being first brought to London ; and that to prevent all fraud , they .must come in by Westminster-bridge and go out by London-bridge . He might be told , that the common law of the land did not permit such a regulation , and that parliament must be applied to before it could be altered . Upon the authority of the principle 473 which we were now setting up , that we had a right to alter the law of nations , so as to suit our own convenience , he might reply , that the evil was of such a nature that rendered it necessary for him to apply the remedy immediately , and that it would be very inconvenient to wait for parliamentary proceedings . But after all , what was the value of this decree , which Buonaparte , drunk with his victories , had issued ? It was worth no more than the paper on which it was written . What was the use of talking of blockading G. Britain , when he had scarcely a ship on the ocean to enforce his Orders ? He