million between 300 and 400 millions , in the event of the public debt being reduced so low as that amount . Under this head alone the saving to the public by the present arrangement would be from 62 to 65,000l . a year . He trusted the committee would see the propriety of the arrangement on this head ; and as from a bare reference to the state of the public debt at the present time , better terms of management might be expected by some , he wished gentlemen to bear in mind the different engagements and contracts with the bank prior to this , which could not possibly be got rid of without the consent of the bank to a new arrangement . In 1791 , an agreement had been entered into for the management of all the public debt at 450l . per million , and neither the public , nor the house of commons , would be disposed to force a supposed advantage by bringing down the bank from the rate of this contract , otherwise than by its own free will . The appearance of a breach of 418 faith in such compulsory reduction , would be an injury to the public far more than sufficient to outweigh the benefit by the reduction of the rate of management . Whatever allowance the bank was entitled to under any act of parliament , could not be taken from it , otherwise than by the consent of its own body . The consent was given in this case , with as large an abatement as could be expected under the consideration of all circumstances . The next head of the arrangement , was the advance of 3,000,000l . by way of loan to government without interest , till six months after the conclusion of a definitive treaty , in consideration of the advantages of management , and in participation of the benefit of the balances . The Committee , to whom he was indebted for being enabled to bring this subject distinctly before the bank and the house , had stated that the average amount of balances of the public money in the bank was about 11,104,919l . But the committee was in error in including in this 475,000l . part of 600,000l . placed in the bank , in virtue of an arrangement with the United States of America . Though the claimants on this fund might not have been as prompt in coming forward with demands as before , it was in the power of the trustees to vest the money in exchequer bills for the benefit of the claimants , whenever they should come forward . The fair sum at which the amount of balances might be taken was about 10,600,000l . or 10,500,000l . From the economic attention that had of late been put in force , these balances would not rise above 10,000,000l . from year to year during the continuance of the war . The committee that had suggested these improvements that were now to be carried into effect , had shown one principle on which advantage may be reasonably claimed for the public . Mr. Pitt , in his arrangement with the bank , had asserted the right of the public to participate in the advantages derived by the bank from the management and balances ; and that whether this participation should be in the proportion of one-third , one-fourth , or one-half , it would be greatly to the advantage of the public . This shewed that not more than a participation was intended , and therefore , as the proportion of one-third , being the middle rate , was what was most looked to , and probably considered as most equitable , that proportion was agreed to . Calculating that proportion of advantage , he would now state 419 how it operated upon a balance of 10,000,000l . By the former advance of 3,000,000l. , at 3 per cent . when the legal interest was 5 per cent . the public gained an advantage of 60,000l . a year , which was equivalent to a capital of