, putting all question of authority or precedent aside , the right hon . gent . said , Would it be argued that , in no case whatever , a person who was in an official situation , should make any communication to that house , of what came to his knowledge , in his public capacity as a servant of the crown ? The fact was , that his hon . and learned friend who made the motion , said 910 no such thing : he only went so far as to say , that no minister ought to be suffered to read , at his own pleasure , such partial extracts from official documents as might tend to mislead the judgment , and give a wrong turn to the decision of that house . But then , said the right hon . secretary , 'It is difficult to know where to draw a precise line in such cases . ' Even so : admitting that , was it to be said , that for that reason we were to have no line at all ? was it to be said , that because , in a case where there was obviously no mischief to be apprehended , a practice something like this was suffered to pass without any formal reprobation on the journals , and with only a slight personal censure ; was that a reason why we should allow the practice to prevail unnoticed , to the most unlimited extent that any person in office might think fit ? It was one thing to place confidence in his majesty 's ministers collectively ; or in any one giving information , either when called upon in that house , or when ordered officially to do so by his majesty ; but it was another , and a very different line of conduct , for one of his majesty 's ministers to ransack the archives of his office , for the purpose of finding out such documents as might be serviceable to him ; to pick out what scraps he pleased , and read them when he thought proper , and in what manner he thought proper , with a view to a personal triumph in debate ; and afterwards to refuse the house an opportunity of reading those documents and judging for themselves , when they were told , from high authority , that a false colour was given to them by that partial reading . The house owed it to the character of lord Howick , and to the character of Mr. Garlike , to express its disapprobation of such conduct in the present instance . concurred in every principle and sentiment that had been laid down by his right hon . friend , and did not hesitate to declare , that of all the charges and accusations he had ever heard , none appeared to him to have so little foundation in argument or precedent as that now made against his right hon . friend . His hon . and learned friend had alluded to the profession he had formerly followed , and he would now answer him in the language of that profession , that all his arguments went only to open a non-suit , and that every step he advanced , the deeper he laboured to involve himself in difficulties . The charge now stated in the 911 resolutions , was not that the dispatch was garbled , but the objection was to the shape in which it appeared , that of an extract . Yet was not every communication made to the house uniformly made in that shape ? The same objections would lay to any other extract , even that of a private letter which any member might choose to react as a part of his speech . declared that he lamented the absence of the right hon . secretary on his own account ; as he was , owing to that , deprived of the pleasure of witnessing the change in the conduct of his right hon . friend ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) towards him since the 8th