. Many treaties of peace , in the most complicated and perplexed state of Europe , have been negociated , and successfully terminated without the previous recognition of a basis ; and even if a basis were necessary , preliminary to a negociation , it does not follow that a basis is necessary as a preliminary to the acceptance of a mediation . It was not for Russia to communicate the basis , but for France ; and if you had frankly accepted the offer of mediation on the part of Russia , and still thought a basis necessary , as preliminary to negociation ; and that , added to this necessity , it was further expedient for such basis to be laid down by the enemy , rather than by yourself ; the natural course would have been to desire the mediator to ask of the contending party to furnish you with that basis . A still more simple course of proceeding would have been for you to lay down to the mediator , the basis upon which alone you would treat , for the purpose of having such communication made to the enemy ; but it is inconceivable to me that the communication of a basis from the enemy should be necessary , for the purpose of enabling you to accept a mediation.—Mr . Canning proceeds to state , that without these conditions the acceptance of the mediation by his majesty , can be nothing else `` than a complete surrender of his honour and his interest into the hand of the mediator if not of the enemy . '' [ p . 201 . ] A more absurd assertion was surely never made . In what way when you accept the mediation of a party do you confide your interest or your honour even to him , much more to the enemy ? if indeed you elect an umpire , then you do confide both your in- 821 terest , and your honour to that umpire . Even in that case you do not confide them to the enemy . But when you accept a mediation , you only accept a facility of communication with the enemy ; which from the hostile situation in which you have long been reciprocally placed , you are not able to find without a mediator . There are difficulties to be overcome , asperities to be smoothed , punctilios of etiquette to be removed , which prevent either the one party or the other from making the first communication : the mediator brings you together , and by communicating from each to the other , makes a channel of intercourse , and prevents that sort of communication which even if intercourse was begun between two hostile parties , might terminate ineffectually , merely on account of the temper in which each was disposed to communicate towards the other . As we proceed in this letter Mr. Canning expresses doubts as to the sincerity of general Budberg , in the assurances he had given to lord Granville Levison ; assurances conveyed in terms such as could leave no doubt in the mind of any person ( who did not think that general Budberg was one of the basest of mankind , ) that he was speaking the truth , when he took upon him to assert that there was no stipulation in the treaty of Tilsit , for the exclusion of the commerce of Great Britain from the ports of Russia . Mr. Canning says , `` it will immediately have occurred to your excellency , a distinction might probably have been taken in general Budberg 's mind , between a stipulation for the immediate and eventual execution of a purpose ; and the agreement to resort to it eventually under circumstances which may not yet have occurred , and that supposing the former only to be the sense of Mr. de Budberg 's assurance , that assurance might be literally true , without in fact conveying any thing essentially satisfactory . '' [ p . 201 . ] Such a distinction would never have occurred to my mind . If general