at last threatened , that the troops of the vizier were reduced to the amount of 14½ lacks , and a further practical reduction proposed , amounting to 15 lacks , besides the troops of that great officer Almas , who was countenanced by the British government against his own master , amounting to 8 lacks . This , however , does not satisfy the governor , and the next step is to take an 1119 improbable alarm respecting the failure of the resources , and to demand a cession , not only of a part , but of the whole dominions of Oude , without leaving the sovereign any power at all , but remaining merely as a pensioner , on the company . If any thing could equal this outrageous proposal , it was the double dealing manner in which it was wished to be effected , by asking the nabob to make an application to have it done as a favour to himself , anti for the benefit of his people . He resisted it with meekness , but with firmness ; and then came the letter accusing him of ingratitude , and threatening to send troops to take forcible possession of his territory . A demand of 38 lacks of rupees is instantaneously required to be paid . This sum had increased from 17 , in eight months , and he doubted that any part of it was due ; for , from the accounts before the house , it appeared , that in former years the expenditure of Oude was less than the payments . Thus , in the three preceding years , the expences had been 60 , 90 , and 80 lacks , while the payments were 67 , 98 , and 92 lacks . Thus pressed , however , the nabob made an offer so fair , that the resident at Lucknow wished to conclude a treaty with him upon that ground . It was a cession of territory to the amount of 1 crore 20 lacks , for the payment of the additional troops marched in by command of marquis Wellesley ; but even this was rejected by him . Harrassed at last by all these means , the nabob only wished to resign the territory of his ancestors to his son , and by the most respectful means , a petition of right , addressed to the governor-general on this subject ; but this also was rejected in a most harsh and cruel manner . He doubted much that ever the noble marquis would have succeeded in his object , had he not appointed his brother to be resident at Oude ; which appointment by the way , was illegal , as being made without the advice or consent of the council . To do away the levity with which gentlemen were too apt to look at the treatment of this sovereign , he here read copious extracts from the reports of the negociators sent to Lucknow by marquis Wellesley , and animadverted with great severity on the absurd assertion , that the nabob , despoiled of one half of his territory and revenue , was now happier and richer than he was before . There was something mysterious and concealed too in the correspondence of the hon . gent . behind him , ( Mr. H. Wellesley ) and his brother . The 1120 letters were marked 'private ; ' there were inclosures that were never seen , and it was not till 60 days after the changes had taken place , that a detail of them was made known to the government . He had also to remark on the conduct of the hon . gent . himself , who seemed to have imbibed a harshness in this affair , very incongenial with his usual meek and mild temper . It was not so strange that the noble marquis , elated with his successes , and governor-general of India , should treat an independent sovereign with haughtiness ; but he could not be reconciled to the hon . gent . ( Mr. H. Wellesley ) expressing 'his utmost