from the said Droits . MUTINY BILL . ] —The Mutiny Bill was read a second time , and on the motion , that it be committed to-morrow , gave notice , that a noble friend of his would to-morrow in 923 the committee move a clause to empower the enlisting men for life . expressed his surprise , that a measure which was to undo the effect of the whole military system which had obtained the sanction of the legislature , was to be brought forward in the shape of a clause in the committee . saw nothing improper in the mode in which the alteration proposed was intended to be introduced by his noble friend , for two reasons ; in the first place , because there was no other way in which it could be done ; and secondly , because the change of system which had been introduced by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had been done precisely in the same way , namely , in a committee on the Mutiny Bill . contended that it might have been done , if not in a different way , at least at an earlier period , so that the house might have had an opportunity of frequently debating the question . who entered the house shortly after , asked , whether it was true , that notice had been given of certain clauses to be inserted in the Mutiny Bill , the effect of which would be to overturn the military system which had been adopted some time ago ? —On being answered by the Secretary at War , that some clauses altering the system of recruiting were to be proposed , he gave notice , that he would oppose them in every stage of the bill . rose to move , `` That such part of the Papers presented to the house on the 10th and 11th Feb. as related to the Fees and Gratuities paid on Licences for Navigation and Trade , he referred to the Committee on Public Offices . '' The subject of these Licences resolved itself into two parts . The first , and by far the most important , was the acknowledged anomaly in our commercial system which they had occasioned , and the encroachment which they had made upon the constitution , by placing the whole of the foreign trade of the country under the controul of the executive government , than any interference by whom in commercial affairs all authorities concurred in declaring that nothing could be more prejudicial . But it was not to this great branch of the subject he at present wished to draw the attention of the house : should his majesty 's ministers , who , from so many Circumstances , must be infinitely better qualified to bring it under the consideration of parliament , neglect to do so , 924 he pledged himself , at some future period of the session , to undertake the task . At present , all he desired was , to investigate the minor branch of it , namely , the amount of the Fees obtained through the medium of the Licences , and the nature of the authority by which those fees were claimed . It appeared to him , that if these licences were considered as generally necessary , it would be much better to come to the legislature , and render the trade , to the carrying on of which they were the sanction , legal for a time to be limited ; in imitation of Mr. Pitt in 1798 , at whose instigation the importation of Spanish goods was permitted by act of parliament . Adverting to the returns of the fees , gratuities , & c. he observed that they were not quite satisfactory . It was stated in those returns , that the fee for a licence amounted only to 12l . 9s . 6d . ; now , he knew that on every licence that had been granted , the fees had exceeded 15l . and sometimes 20l . ; and that where one merchant had