in principal . With respect to the unclaimed dividends , there was a great deal of truth and justice in what the right hon . gent . had stated . Perhaps it was politic that the bank directors should make a show of resistance on this point , lest the public should suspect that they had got too good a bargain on the other points . He thought they owed great obligations to the right hon . gent . who had certainly granted them what no other man would have done ; but he would take another opportunity of expressing his sentiments on this business , not having yet had time duly to examine the papers on the table . It was a most important subject , and deserved the serious attention of parliament . declared , that whether they gave a loan of 3 millions , or an annual sum of 150,000l . to the public , would be immaterial to the bank , but , in his opinion , from the former , the public would derive the greater advantage . He denied the possibility of supplying the loan by an issue of notes . Let the right hon . gent . look at the quantity of notes at present issued , and then let him look to the quantity issued subsequent to the payment of the loan . The conjectural opinion contained in the report of the Financial Committee on the expences 427 attending the management of the national debt was unfounded . The rate of allowance now fixed , if he were called upon to decide as between man and man , he would say was fair and reasonable . Much had been said of the profits of the bank ; he would say something of the profits which the public derived from the bank . In the first place , the capital of the bank was lent to the public at 3 per cent . by which the public gained 2 per cent . On the 3 millions paid on the renewal of the bank charter , the public gained 2 per cent . The bank advanced the annual malt duties , amounting to 2 millions , at 4 per cent . by which the public gained 1 per cent . For the last two years the bank had collected the property tax , by which the public gained 47,000l . By adding these various sums together , it would appear that the public derived a profit of 595,000l . per annum from the bank , exclusive of what they paid for the property tax on their own capital . The ground on which the bank declined to consent to the arrangement proposed with respect to unclaimed dividends had been mistaken . As the trustees for the public creditors , they did not believe that the balance of unclaimed dividends would admit of having such a sum withdrawn from them as that proposed : and without having previously ascertained the opinion of those public creditors , they could not consent to it . It ought to be recollected , that in 1791 , it was determined that 500,000l . should be drawn from those dividends , upon the express condition that 600,000l . were in the hands of the bank at the end of the penultimate quarter . It was now proposed to extend this to the last quarter , although since 1791 , the debt had very much encreased , and a larger balance of unclaimed dividends was there by rendered necessary to be left in the hands of the bank . Until dividends remained for half a year , they had never been considered by the bank as unclaimed : it was running them much too close . defended the proposition of his right hon . friend . The hon . gent . opposite had maintained , that an annual payment would be a permanent advantage , a loan only a contingent one . A loan , however , would not be rendered contingent even by peace , were large balances still to remain in the hands of the bank ; for ,