a force as was then sent , both naval and military , considering the unprepared state of the Danish government to meet it , there had been so much difficulty to surmount , as was represented upon the motion for the 360 Thanks of Parliament to those officers , what must be thought of the power of the Danes to defend Zealand , with sufficient time for preparation—the 25,000 men withdrawn from Holstein , in addition to the 35,000 which , by the report made to his majesty 's ministers , were actually in arms upon the island ? Whatever zeal for the public interests , professional knowledge , and a gallant spirit could effect , he was persuaded those officers would have accomplished ; but their services must have been greatly exaggerated if the Danes could not prevent Zealand from falling into the hands of France , with all their resources applied to that purpose—60,000 men in arms , and a naval force , with which France could not provide the means of contending . His noble friend had stated , that Buonaparte had declared at his levee , that the fleets both of Portugal and Denmark should be united against this country ; and that he seldom failed to execute his purposes , so publicly announced . That such a declaration might be considered as an indication of the real designs of Buonaparte , he was ready to admit ; —but , had he succeeded in the case of Portugal ? and he was persuaded he would equally have failed in that of Denmark , though the custody of their own ships had been left to the Danes themselves.—Upon an attentive consideration of the whole of this subject , he was decidedly of opinion , that it was not only the interest of the court of Copenhagen , but its settled policy , to maintain a system of neutrality . But it was not surprising , that , with such a government as that of France to deal with , the necessity of temporizing , to an extent that might sometimes appear unfriendly to this country , should occasionally arise ; —and the more especially , when it would be recollected , that the continental possessions of Denmark were in the power of Buonaparte whenever he might be disposed to take measures for their subjugation . It did not however follow , that because it might have been expedient for the Crown Prince to pursue that policy , in the hope of retaining those possessions , that he would have carried it to the extent of surrendering into the hands of the French emperor his navy ; the real source of his strength , and independance : a surrender , that must inevitably have led , in a very short time , to the ruin of the commerce , and the loss of he colonies of Denmark . In truth , the honour , the spirit , and political steadiness , 361 which had distinguished the Crown Prince , all led to a different conclusion ; and his lordship said , he was thoroughly convinced that his royal highness had the means , as well as the disposition , to defend his maritime independance , even if he was not allowed to maintain that system of neutrality , in which it certainly was his interest to persevere . It had not been pretended that Denmark had manifested a hostile disposition towards this country : on the contrary , his majesty `` had lamented the cruel necessity which had obliged him to have recourse to acts of hostility against that nation ; '' —attributing the measures he had reluctantly taken to the designs of France , under an idea , as expressed in his majesty 's Declaration of the 25 of Sept. ( p . 115 . ) that , `` Holstein once occupied , the island of Zealand was at the mercy of France , and the navy of Denmark at his disposal . `` —To this proposition the noble earl said , he must dissent , for the reasons already stated . After the able speech of