, that when a petition was lodged against a sitting member , the petitioner should call upon the sitting member to exchange lists of the votes against which he meant to object , 21 days before the trial of the election ; and , vice versa , that the same rule should be observed by the sitting member towards the petitioner . Mr. Fuller , in the present instance , gave a written notice of his intention not to defend his seat , so the petitioner had not thought it necessary to comply with this rule . Some of the electors , however , who had voted for Mr. Fuller , announced their intention of defending it for him . In consequence of this notice , a motion had been made in the house for an exchange of lists , which was negatived ; and on the debate which took place on this motion , the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had opposed the motion , on the ground that the committee would not be bound by that decision of the house , but would be left at liberty to call whatever evidence they might think proper , though on this evening he had given it as his opinion , that they did right in attending to the resolution of the house . After the committee met to decide upon oath on the merits of the election , and when Mr. Sergison 's counsel tendered a list of 500 votes to which he meant to object , the counsel for the other party objected that the committee , by the standing order of the house , could not admit any evidence upon the inadmissibility , of these votes , because the lists had not been previously exchanged ; and the committee , he believed from the most honourable motives , had sustained the objection . Under these circumstances , the committee had only to choose between one of three decisions : to declare the election void , which they could not do because this was not a prayer of the petition ; or that Mr. Sergison ought to have been returned , which they could not do because his opponent , Mr. Fuller , had a majority upon the poll ; or to do what he believed they did most conscientiously and sincerely , to decide that they felt themselves obliged to 1309 declare . Mr. Fuller duly elected because they did not consider themselves at liberty , consistently with the order of the house , to enter into an examination of the votes , against which Mr. Sergison meant to object , and by overthrowing which he was firmly convinced that he should be able to establish his own election . Such were the circumstances in which the committee was placed : a situation which , he was convinced , a majority of that committee had felt to be a very unpleasant one : and in these circumstances his hon . friend had moved for the minutes of the proceedings of the committee , with a view to ground upon those proceedings an act of parliament for the purpose of remedying a hardship which seemed to be felt on all sides , by enacting , that in future the lists of objectionable votes between the petitioner and the sitting member shall be peremptorily exchanged . explained , that when he said that the committee had done right in attending to the resolution of the house , he did not mean the decision of the house with regard to an exchange of lists in the present case , but the standing order of the house regulating their exchange to 21 days before the trial of the election . allowed that there was a great hardship in the present case , which ought to be prevented from recurring in future , by an alteration in the law : but he objected to the present motion , as tending to call in question the decision of the committee , and thus to destroy the purity of the Grenville act . After some observations from earl Temple , Mr. Graham