chair , for which we refer to our report of the proceedings of the lords , see p. 1 . After the Speaker had finished the Speech , rose to move the Address . His lordship began by observing , that he would not waste the time of the house , by entering too much into detail on a subject which they understood a great deal better than he could possibly pretend to do . But they all knew the situation of Europe , and the situation of Great Britain ; they all knew the nature of the struggle in which this country was engaged ; they all knew the inveteracy of the merciless and exasperated foe , who was bent on their destruction ; they all knew the value of the objects for which Great Britain had to contend ; they all knew that she stood alone in the contest , that on no human power could she place any reliance , that she had to depend only on her own resources , on her own spirit , and on her own determination . These were facts that were self-evident , they were subjects of public notoriety , and he , therefore , trusted that the house would acquit him of presumption in speaking of them . We were not only opposed as man to man , or as nation to nation , against one of the most gigantic powers that ever existed in the world , but to a power which , in addition to its own strength , had succeeded in absorbing into itself almost every other European state . The situation of the country was , therefore , most critical ; it required the most vigorous exertions , it demanded the most liberal sacrifices . Faint heartedness would be our destruction . There was no mid-way fur us between success and ruin . Tinder such circumstances , the contemplation of the resources and spirit of the country , was a subject of consolation and pride ; and , however the protraction of the war , with the inevitable burdens , and the partial obstruction to commerce , which that protraction occasioned , were to be lamented , we had only to look around us , to be thankful for the contrast which we presented to the neighbouring nations ; to be thankful for the 38 liberty , for the happiness , for the preeminence which we enjoyed ; to be thankful , that instead of our means having been impaired by our difficulties , they had , on the contrary , increased with them , and had been cemented by the very circumstances which were projected for their destruction . Great Britain at the present moment exhibited the astonishing spectacle of a country , which , at the end of 15 Years war with a most powerful antagonist , had gained every thing , and lost nothing . Every where we had inflicted blows on our enemy ; no where had we received a blow from him . Our commerce had flourished ; our wealth had encreased ; our possessions had multiplied . Our navy , always formidable , had swept every hostile fleet from the face of the ocean . War , the curse of every other nation , had to Great Britain been a comparative blessing . Indeed , such was the extraordinary state of Europe , that he apprehended very much that war was the only mode by which the advantages which we had acquired , could be maintained . Peace , under the present circumstances , while it would be as expensive to us as war , would be tenfold more dangerous . Successfully , however , as we had resisted the machinations and the violence of the foe , still the house was not less bound to take care that those ministers , whose duty it was to direct the resources and the energies of the country , were fulfilling that duty ; that they were competent to the discharge of the functions with which they were invested ; and that they deserved a continuation of the confidence of the country