a wise and salutary measure . About three o'clock in the morning lord H. Petty proposed an adjournment of the debate , on the ground of the lateness of the hour , and the number of gentlemen who were anxious to deliver their sentiments . Mr. Windham supported the motion for adjournment.—On a division there appeared , For the adjournment 71 Against it 145 Majority 71 While the Opposition members were in the lobby , Mr. Ponsonbv addressed them , and observing that they had ineffectually proposed the . postponement of the Mutiny bill from this day , for the purpose of allowing an opportunity for resuming the debate on the Orders in Council bill , requested that they would not quit the house , as the only justifiable resource left to them , was to force ministers to consent to an adjournment by repeated and incessant motions to that effect.—We were not re-admitted , but were informed , that Mr. Sheridan , after having reminded the house that on the Bill for the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus act , he had moved the question of adjournment 17 times in one night , moved that the house do now adjourn.—The house immediately divided For the adjournment 67 Against it 140 Majority 74 On a motion that the Orders in Council be read , Mr. Henry Martin called for a division , which was as follows : For reading the Orders 65 Against it 140 Majority 75 After some further discussion , it was at length agreed that the debate should be adjourned until to morrow.—Adjourned at half past five on Friday morning on moving the second reading of this bill , urged the necessity of resorting to some measure for the amendment of the law of debtor and creditor , 1069 and for the prevention of that misery , and those numerous ill effects , which resulted from long continued imprisonment for debt . The noble earl explained the objects of his bill , as relating to arrest on mesne process , and imprisonment in execution , in both of which the intention was to shorten the duration of imprisonment ; in the former , by compelling the plaintiff , where the writ was issued in one term and returnable in the next , to declare in the term of the return , and to proceed to trial in the succeeding term ; and in the latter , by releasing the debtors at certain specified times , at the quarter sessions , on assigning over their property in possession and reversion , and also rendering their future property liable . The latter mode was the principle of the cessio bonorum introduced into the Roman law by Cæsar , and subsequently , after a long experience , adopted- by Justinian . A similar law had long prevailed in Holland and in Denmark , where it had been found equally efficacious . His lordship stated a variety of instances , in which persons imprisoned for small debts had experienced a great aggravation of their imprisonment by the costs with which they were charged ; and instanced many cases where prisoners were unable to raise the money necessary to obtain that relief to which they were entitled by law . Thus , out of 700 annually released by the Thatched-house society , there were , on the average , about 130 who were unable to pay the expences of suing for the allowance under the lords act ; and about 50 who , though supersedable , were unable to raise the money necessary to sue for their supersedeas . He condemned generally the principle of placing a debtor to the mercy of a creditor , who might indefinitely imprison him ; and trusted their lordships would agree to the proposed alteration in the law . condemned any attempt to innovate upon a long established law , without taking a clear and comprehensive view of the whole of the bearings of the question . This had not been done in the present bill , which had been drawn up ( not , of course , by the noble earl ) with a great