afraid they would find the country very unhandy and indocile , and too stiff in its old habits of honesty and fair dealing to follow them with any advantage . We were past the age of learning . It was much better for us to stick to our old principles , and to resolve that if it was our fate to die , we should at least die with honour . With respect to the refusal on the part of ministers of declaring the grounds on which they formed their opinion , it had never been disputed that government might receive information , which it would be in the highest degree improper for them to publish . But then a question arose , whether in such cases they ought or ought not to act upon their information ? This in some cases might be decided in the affirmative , and in others not . He suspected , however , that in the case in question , instead of preparing troops for an expedition , they had prepared the expedition for the troops . Finding that they had got money in their pockets , they resolved on spending it . They did not know what to do with the army which they had collected , and after some reflection , they said , `` God bless us , let us go and attack the Danish fleet . '' He did not , however , mean now to enter into a discussion of the merits of the question , and his only object in rising was to reprobate the new system of morality which was so assiduously propagated , and which , if propagated with success , would prove a lasting injury to the world . vindicated the conduct of Ministers in withholding the information of which they professed to be in possession , upon the constitutional provision , which , by granting to the king the prerogative of declaring war , necessarily declared him the sole judge of the grounds on which he ought to go to war . after touching lightly on the Copenhagen business , commended the conduct of the noble lord who was member for Yorkshire , in discountenancing petitions for peace . He would have acted in the same manner if a petition had been proposed in the city he had the honour to represent , though the interests of the inhabitants of that city suffered as much as the interests of any other part of the community , by the continuance of the war . This he would do , in the confidence that 93 his majesty 's ministers would omit no opportunity of restoring peace . If he should find that any fair opportunity was neglected , then he would encourage the petitions , with a view to compel ministers to negociate . in answer to a question put by an hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Eden ) admitted , that though lord Gambier had sailed from the Downs on the 26th of July , ministers had not received the intelligence of the signing , of the Treaty of Tilsit before the 8th of Aug following . Ministers had not said that they had in their possession any one secret article of the Treaty of Tilsit , but that the substance of such secret articles had been confidentially communicated to his majesty 's government , and that such communication had been made a long time previous to the date alluded to by the hon . gent . : as to the inference attempted to be drawn from the advanced state of preparation in which the armament was placed prior to the Treaty of Tilsit , it was notorious , that that armament was then equipping for an entirely distinct object , till the secret intelligence had been received , which made it the duty of ministers to employ that armament in the service in which it had been so successfully engaged . was sure that the words of the Declaration against Russia went to rest the justification of the expedition to Copenhagen on the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit