it certainly never had been acted upon ; as a proof of it , the noble lord quoted Buonaparte 's last Decree , issued at Milan , in consequence of the British Orders in Council , where he denationalizes , as he calls it , all ships that have touched at a British port ; which he would not have thought it necessary to have done , had this been the intention and effect of his former Decree . Nothing therefore , he contended , could justify us in re- 318 taliating upon America an act of hostility , which was directed by our enemy , not against neutrals , but against us—his opponents in the contest . Nor was the measure more illegal in principle , than in several of its details . In looking into the Order , he found that neutrals were not to be permitted to re-export particular commodities therein enumerated , none of which were contraband of war , without a licence , which licence was to be granted by ministers , and paid for of course . And , which was a more extraordinary regulation still , that every ship carrying a certificate that the cargo was not British produce or manufacture , though according to the existing law of nations there might be no objection either to cargo or the place of her destination , was to be seized and brought into an English port . The government of France had decreed that every ship coming into a French port should bring a certificate attesting that her cargo was not the produce either of the British soil or of British industry : and what was our measure of retaliation ? One would expect , that no ship should enter a British port without a certificate that her cargo was not French produce or manufacture . Instead of this , however , ministers had declared every ship carrying a certificate liable to capture ; and this they termed a measure of retaliation ! They would not surely assert that such a regulation was conformable to law : so far from it , that he was prepared to maintain , that it was not only contrary to many old existing statutes , but was incompatible with the spirit of the constitution . It was part of the liberty of the subject that he should have free access to strangers , and the better to secure this , that strangers should have free access to him . It was one of the express provisions of Magna Charta , that merchants should not be obstructed on the high seas ; and sir Edward Coke , in his commentary on this clause , expressly stated , that if their entry into our ports was not prohibited by act of parliament , it was unconstitutional to prevent them from entering . In many subsequent laws , the same provision was made for the security of foreigners , a security which did not extend merely to their persons , but to their body and goods . In support of this doctrine , the noble lord quoted the 9th , 14th and 18th of Edw . III . and likewise the 28th of the same reign , where it was positively enacted , that no ship shall be arrested on the high 319 seas , or compelled to come to England , without the consent of the master of the ship or cargo . He would ask , then , if all these statutes , with many of a later date , had been repealed , or if they had not been infringed upon by the Orders in Council now before the house ? There was another circumstance which he could not allow to pass unnoticed ; viz . the time at which these Orders were issued . It would surely have been prudent , while a delicate and important negociation was pending with America , to have abstained from any proceedings which might tend to frustrate its object . It would have been prudent to have seen what effect might be produced by the reparation offered for the affair of