of the illustrious personage to whose hands the sovereign had confided it . The country never had an army so numerous and well appointed as that it had to boast of at the present moment : and how was that army acquired ? Not by any one plan or exertion ; not by metaphysical recruiting , and a philosophical investigation of the moral propensities and habits of men ; but by a combination of various plans and various exertions , adapted to the nature and employments of men as they were to be found , and to the varying situation and exigencies of the country . Of all the plans to which the present flourishing state of the army might be ascribed , the Additional Force bill , and the enlisting from the supplementary militia into the line , he conceived to have been the most efficacious . But as no one system or exertion had raised our military force to its present amount and perfection , so no one plan or exertion would be sufficient to maintain it in that desirable state . A variety of systems and exertions must conspire to accomplish this wished-for object . He was , 1181 therefore , for blending and uniting the two systems , respecting the , merits of which noble lords seemed to be so much divided . agreed with the noble viscount , as to the advantages derived to the army from volunteering from the militia , but differed with him in his opinion as to the present system of enlistment . His lordship entered into a detail of the measures adopted for recruiting the army during the last and present wars ; and contended that the system of recruiting now in operation was the only measure to which the late administration could look with confidence for keeping up the army , without resorting to compulsory service , Which , on every ground that could be stated , it was so desirable to avoid . His lordship said he had entertained doubts as to the system introduced two years ago , though he had given it his support as an experiment then necessary , in consequence of the failure of the Additional Force act . That system had succeeded in the most ample manner , and had more than equalled the ordinary mode of recruiting and the additional force bill put together . He Was satisfied that the old mode of recruiting would never be sufficient of itself , without some subsidiary system , such as the army of reserve . By the new system we had procured a force better in quality , in stature , and in morals . He was , therefore , of opinion that any thing which might go to deprive the country of any part of the benefit arising from the system of limited service must be prejudicial , and ought to be avoided . shewed , in a contrasted point of view , the advantages of engaging men for a limited period of service , rather than for life , as affecting the soldier himself and his family ; and , from a view of the picture , gave a decided opinion in favour of Mr. Windham 's system . denied that there was any intention to put an end to the new system . All that was sought by the present clause was , to give the old and established military practice a fair and equal chance with the system lately introduced . said the house and the country had heard a good deal of a ship projected by a noble friend of his ( earl Stanhope ) which possessed the property Of sailing against wind and tide . After all that the system of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had done , his lordship was convinced no adequate , idea of its 1182 merits could vet be formed ; . it had never yet got fair play ; but had been obliged , at least during the greater , part its course , like the vessel of his noble friend , to sail against wind and