form in which petitioners should address this house , most meritorious for feeling , for manly fortitude , and for respect to the body before whom they appear , I should with perfect satisfaction exemplify my ideas in the words of the Bolton petition . [ Here the hon . gent . read the said Petition , which will be found at Feb . 22 . ] Sir , it is necessary , however , for me to observe , that these petitions have had no influence upon my conduct on this day ; I have not corresponded , or had any communication with any of the petitioners . I have neither impelled them , nor am I impelled by them . I act upon a deliberate view of the circumstances of the country . I certainly take upon myself a great weight of responsibility , both as to the act itself , and as to the time of performing it ; but as I can have no hesitation as to the expediency of submitting my proposition to parliament , so it appears to me , that this , of all others , is the moment in which the step ought to be taken . I have . waited for seine time after the production of the papers , which by the King 's command were laid upon the table of the house , for the purpose of obtaining further information , some of which has been afforded by ministers , but no rational hope can now be entertained that they will concede further on this point . And if any one could have flattered himself , that from France would have come any additional overtures , I think that expectation must now be at an end . The period of the year is advancing , in which the armies will begin to march . We are in a most critical situation with regard to America , and every thing seems to portend , that if the present moment be lost , none other so favourable can occur.—The circumstances in which we stand are rendered more alarming , from the spirit and conduct of administration . Putting aside , for the present , all consideration of the means by which they obtained their power , I look only to their character , while in power ; and if I contemplate the repulsive arrogance of their communications , their destructive activity of enterprize , their perplexed and crude 805 efforts at commercial regulation , mixed with the symptoms of narrow-minded and cruel policy , which I see in this house , if the fate of the country be really doomed , it appears to me that they are expressly designated for its consummation . What has happened upon the continent within the period of their official life ? After the dissipation of the delusion so widely diffused , respecting the eventual success of the allies in the last campaign , and of the error under which we laboured , as to the triumph of the Russians in the battle of Eylau ; after the Prussian monarch had twice refused the overtures of France to conclude peace , and rejected the armistice which was signed in his name , some affairs of lesser importance were succeeded by the battle of Heilsbron , which was immediately followed up by the fatal battle of Fried-land , in which the remnant of the Prussian monarchy was consumed , the remaining forces of the Russian empire completely defeated and put to flight , and the assertion which I made in this house , in the latter end of the last session of parliament , was verified , the Emperor of Russia was prostrate at the feet of France . I will not now enter into any detail of the complaints which have been brought by Russia against this country , for neglecting to assist her in the moment of her need . I will not enquire whether the predecessors of the present administration were or were not to blame , whether they did or did not deceive the Emperor of Russia . I will grant it