our beloved monarch no lurking danger to fear . Another topic , sir , to which I have to advert , is that of the late petitions for peace , brought forward in a great manufacturing country . But , sir , I can not , as some gentlemen have done , impute those petitions to a factious spirit , or to any wish of urging , his majesty 's ministers to a premature , humiliating , or dishonourable peace ; but merely to impress them with a state of the distresses they sustained under the continuance of a war which has the effect of excluding their manufactures from all the markets in continental Europe . I know , sir , that 79 nothing would tend more to embarrass his majesty 's ministers , or to defeat them in the object of obtaining an advantageous peace , than urgent petitions for that purpose from any very great portion of the manufacturing population of this country , and therefore , sir , I would earnestly deprecate such petitions . But if every opportunity of negociation is rejected , and wars are to be continued only for the gratification of those who delight in carnage because they batten upon the spoils , and grow rich by the calamities of others , then it becomes the duty of the people to petition for peace , and of the house to attend to the prayers of the industrious but starving manufacturers , and to urge his majesty 's ministers to a negociation . By the way , sir , I am rather surprised that a right hon . friend of mine , his majesty 's principal secretary for foreign affairs , whose place , so ably filled , is become now almost a sinecure , has not endeavoured to commence a negociation for peace through some medium or other , if it were only to find something to do for his amusement . What I would now ask the right hon . gent . is , whether there has not been lately a very favourable opportunity afforded him for that purpose ? I have good authority for stating that this opportunity was offered under the mediation of Austria , through the medium of count Stahremberg ; and I must say , that if any offer was made for negociation by Bonaparte , and that he did propose count Stahremberg as the medium , it was the strongest proof of his sincerity in that purpose , because the known partiality of count Stahremberg for this country was a sufficient earnest that this nobleman would not have consented to become the instrument of a negociation founded on principles hostile to the honour or the interests of Great Britain . If this was the case , however averse I may be to encourage premature petitions , urged as they might be by the temporary pressure of war upon the manufacturing interests of the country , I could not withhold the most decided reprehension to those ministers who , rejecting the wishes of the country , prefer the advice of those who are friendly to the continuance of a war now without any objects for the interests of this country . I fear , sir , this fact can be proved against his majesty 's ministers . But if the right hon . gent . can shew that count Stahremberg has in this affair acted for himself , and not in consequence of any authority from Bona- 80 parte ; that he was not authorised to sign passports , in a regular way , between this country and France , as he had repeatedly done ; that it was the mere officious act of an individual to propose such a negociation , I for one shall chearfully support his majesty 's ministers in their refusal to entertain such an overture . But if it shall appear that those ministers have rejected a fair opportunity to negociate , I shall not hesitate to express my reprobation of their conduct . For , unless they can make out some fair intelligible cause to continue the war , and shew they