manner upon visc . Lake , and the two next succeeding heirs male of gen. visc . Lake , deceased , on whom the title of vise . Lake and baron Lake , of Delhi and Laswary , and of Aston Clinton , in the county of Buckingham , shall descend . '' said , although he had no objection to go with the noble lord in the very high encomiums he had bestowed upon the military character of lord Lake , and to acknowledge that he had rendered important services to his country , yet , whatever might be his own wish that those services should be remunerated with liberality , still he felt it a duty paramount to all delicacy upon the subject to declare his sentiments , when the purse of the country , already so heavily burthened , was in question . His majesty 's message proposed to the house merely a provision of 2000l . a-year to the two next heirs in succession of gen. Lake ; but the noble lord had now proposed not merely to extend this annuity to another generation , but to give it a retrospective operation , to no less an amount than 9000l . The noble lord had pleaded , in excuse for not having sooner proposed this remuneration , the great distance at which gen. Lake was ; but that circumstance did not preclude the knowledge of his services , nor prevent his majesty from immediate remuneration , if it were deemed necessary ; but at the end of five years to bring forward this preposition , and to claim arrears for all that time , though no remuneration was till now thought necessary , was what he could not accede to . The noble lord had been in possession of very lucrative employments , which enabled him to receive large sums of money ; so large , indeed , as to render it quite indecorous to come forward during his life-time with such a proposition as this ; but no sooner was he deceased , than it was found out that his affairs were so embarrassed as to leave his heirs totally unable to support the dignity of the rank they inherited . Certainly , the condition of the family of lord Lake , as represented by the noble lord , rendered the duty extremely painful of disapproving any provision for the successor of the noble lord ; and to prevent , as it were , the peerage from being sullied , he would consent to 790 the 2000l . a-year ; but to the grant of 9000l . and the expense of a public monument , he should decidedly object . supported the claims to the pension and the monument . He thought it the strongest recommendation of lord Lake , that he had returned from filling one of the highest offices in India , comparatively poor . admitted that lord Lake had had liberal allowances to support his dignity in the station he had filled ; but his expenses were fully equal to them . The splendour of his appointments , the hospitality of an open table for his officers , and the well-known acts of his private munificence , had prevented him from accumulating money ; and when it was recollected , that , at his decease , the only provision he was able to make for his several daughters was 1500l . each , he was confident , that a British house of commons would never consider such a provision adequate for the daughters of such a man . Happy would it be for England , and for India , if every commander sent thither imitated the principles and the conduct of lord Lake ! He did not use his power for the purposes of plunder to enrich his family . He returned from India with only a fortune of 40,000l . to provide for a wife and seven children . Sir John Stewart had received his pension in consequence of his services ; and that gallant general , although a single man , had declared to him he never could save any