and different from the matter of a bill for Aids and Supplies . For this purpose , he referred particularly to those clauses which prescribed commercial regulations . Upon the merits of the bill itself the noble lord animadverted with his usual ingenuity and force . Under the terms of the clause which related to the East India Company , he contended that they could not dispose of any goods whatever for home consumption . But the most objectionable feature in the measure was that provision by which ministers were enabled to exempt any merchant from all its operations upon such conditions as they might think proper to settle . The idea of investing any ministers with such an extraordinary discretion , appeared to his mind utterly irreconcileable with the freedom of commerce . It would indeed go to arm them with such a degree of power over the mercantile body , as never was assumed or possessed by the most despotic government upon the 1153 subject of commerce . He could not , in fact , conceive how the character of commerce could consist with such an arrangement . From this point , the noble lord proceeded to comment upon the clause , limiting prosecutions against those who acted under the Orders in Council . This limitation was so contrived both as to time and place , that any person who might have cause to complain , or spirit to appeal against any illegality in these orders , or any injustice in their execution , was intirely precluded from the possibility of obtaining redress . The noble lord concluded by declaring his opinion , that the adoption of the bill before the house must lead to inevitable ruin . asserted , that no part of the bill before their lordships was inconsistent with the Standing Order alluded to by the noble lord who had just sat down . On the contrary , he maintained , that the whole stream of their lordships ' proceeding , for a series of years , was in direct conformity to the practice objected to by the advocates for the motion . This was his opinion at the time the noble lord first stated his objection , but yet he thought it becoming in him to postpone the declaration of that opinion , until he should have heard all those noble lords who were disposed to speak upon the question . That course , he perceived , had exposed him to some animadversions , in the course of which it had been observed , that where a man who held a judicial situation doubted , he was unfit for that situation . Now , his opinion was directly the reverse of that observation ; for he thought the man who entertained doubts in a judicial situation was the most fit for such a situation.—The noble lord entered into an enumeration of the several precedents referred to by the advocates of the motion , and contended , none of them in any degree bore on the conclusion which those noble lords would deduce from them . There was not , he maintained , a single provision in the bill upon the table which was not in strict alliance to and in pursuance of its main object . Therefore it could not be held , that it contained any thing foreign to and different from a bill of Aids and Supplies . So thinking he could not of course agree in the notion , that their lordships would in passing such a bill infringe the letter or spirit of the Standing Order alluded to . Indeed clauses directly similar to these , objected to as inconsistent with a bill of Supply , were be found in almost 1154 every bill of that nature upon the Statute Book . said , that the cases cited by the noble lord on the woolsack did not seem to him to warrant the opinion his lordship had delivered , and he believed that many cases might be found in the Journals of the house that even justified a contrary opinion , He would therefore propose that a committee of precedents