be stationed in such parts of his remaining territory as shall appear to their government most expedient , and always to advise with , and act in conformity to , the counsel of the officers of the said Company . 4 . That the annual Revenues of the said Ceded Provinces were estimated by Mr. Henry Wellesley ( the lieut . governor ) in the year immediately succeeding the said Treaty of 1801 , at upwards of 1 crore and 56 lacks of rupees : that a settlement thereof was made for the 3 years next ensuing , at the annual revenue of one crore and 73 lacks for the first , 1293 one crore and 80 lacks for the second , and one crore and 88 locks for the third ( independent of the profit derivable from a monopoly of salt estimated at eleven lacks ) ; and that the said Mr. Henry Wellesley , lieut . governor , stated , that 'he had no doubt that the settlement of the Land Revenue for the second period of 3 years , would not be less than two crores of rupees , and that the Land Revenue of the Provinces when fully cultivated would amount to two crores and fifty lacks of rupees , ' which is nearly double the amount of subsidy payable by the nabob under the former Treaty of 1798 . 5 . That the said nabob Saadut Ali did positively and repeatedly reject and resist the said Cession Treaty of 1801 , during a negociation protracted for many months ; and that it was not till a declaration was made to him , in the most explicit terms , that in case of his refusal it was the resolution of the British government to assume the entire civil and military government of the province of Oude , that his assent was obtained . 6 . That the British government in India are bound in honour , in justice , and policy , to reconsider and revise the above-mentioned Treaty of 1801 , in order to ascertain whether it will not admit of such modification as may ultimately prove more satisfactory to the nabob of Oude , and at the same time be productive of reciprocal advantage to his highness and the Company . '' said , that he was surprised that the house should now be called upon to discuss the same question which had been already decided on , by a resolution , in which the last resolution of the noble lord was not only negatived , but on which the house pronounced an opinion , approving of lord Wellesley 's administration . He should , therefore , do little more than refer the noble lord to that decision , convinced , that were he now to go over again the arguments formerly adduced , he should be trespassing unnecessarily upon the time and patience of the house . Were the house of commons now to agree to the noble lord 's resolutions , they would contradict their own decision . The noble lords did not shew , in any part of his speech , how this inconsistency could be avoided . The noble lord had not stated to the house how he intended that the nabob should be indemnified . If he meant that the territory which had been taken from him should be restored , he would find it very difficult to transfer the people of India from the governor of the East India Company 1294 to that of their old masters . This could not be done , he was sure , without exciting much discontent , and , perhaps , not without considerable resistance on their part . If the noble lord meant that the compensation should be made in the form of subsidy , he ought to have stated the mode of doing it , and to have shewn himself prepared to solve all the difficulties which must present themselves to every one as to the manner of giving effect to his Resosultion . The noble lord had not gone into any detail to prove that the nabob had been