an alteration in our courts of justice , and to connect with such alteration a question of revenue . He would ask , would it be allowed , would it be borne , that such proposed alteration should be taken into consideration in a committee of ways and means ? He felt himself called on to say , if the house laid it down that the measure in question had been properly taken into consideration in the committee of ways and means , and that a similar mode of proceeding ought to be adopted as to Ireland , it would lay down a principle which would equally apply to the Grand Committees of-Justice , Religion , & c. thought the hon . and learned gent . had confounded the Grand Committees with the Standing Orders of the house . When there was any material innovation made , then it was proper that the measure should go through a committee was no innovation : it was only a due exercise of the king 's prerogative . He did not say that the exercise of such prerogative was not to be inquired into by parliament ; but here opportunities of doing so had been afforded . said the practice of the house had been , that questions of navigation , trade , justice , religion , & c. should be considered by committees of the whole house . The right hon . gent . who spoke 723 last had supposed that the present measure stood in a different situation in consequence of its flowing from the king 's prerogative . He would ask , could any exercise of the king 's prerogative be figured in which that house not only was not intitled , but even in which it was not absolutely bound to interfere , in order to see that his majesty had been well and properly advised ? Here his majesty had expressly referred the Orders in Council to the house . His majesty had not desired , or even suggested to the house , what sort of measures it was his wish should be adopted , but had simply referred them to the consideration of parliament . In that situation it became the duty of the house to proceed to the consideration of the business in the most regular and parliamentary manner . He should state a case from the Journals , arising out of one of the most unexceptionable and undoubted prerogatives of the crown , which he believed did exist , and which he presumed to think was not by any means so important in its nature as the present—namely , the making of a treaty , which sufficiently pointed out the mode of proceeding in such cases . In his majesty 's Speech in the year 1787 , he found a passage stating , that his majesty had concluded a treaty of Navigation and commerce with his most Christian majesty , and that he recommended to parliament to adopt the best means of carrying it into effect . How did parliament act in consequence of this reference ? Did they carry it into effect , as ministers had now done ? Did they proceed to bring in a bill directly ? Or did they refer the treaty to a committee of ways and means ? They did neither . They proceeded in the way that was proper and established . They resolved that the house should , on a given day , resolve into a committee of the whole House to consider so much of his majesty 's speech as related to navigation and commerce ; and they referred to that committee to see , if the king had been properly advised in the exercise of his prerogative in concluding that Treaty . On the 21st of Feb. following , the committee of the whole house approved of the exercise of the royal prerogative , and appointed a committee to prepare an address , notifying to his majesty their approbation of the exercise of his prerogative . They then referred to the committee of ways and means , for the purpose of enacting resolutions of finance