have that power acknowledged by this country . In point of military reputation , he has nothing to wish for , he stands pre-eminent in the history of past or present times ; the primary object of his ambition must now be the firm and durable establishment of his authority over France , and the other nations which are under his dominion . That he can not accomplish except he be at peace with England . If peace then be his interest , and it be likewise ours , why should any foolish punctilio , why should any petulance of temper , stand in the way of so desirable an object ? I think I have shewn that to offer peace , would be neither humiliating nor discreditable . I have shewn it , from reasoning upon the nature of the offer itself , and from the examples which I have produced , both at home , and abroad . I have shewn by reviewing the situation of our own country , the difficulties and dangers attending a continuation of the war ; and they are such as it would be the most unpardonable presumption to encounter without an adequate necessity . If I should be successful in persuading the house to adopt the three resolutions , which I shall have the honour to propose , and that an offer to negotiate should be made by this country , I would then remind those who make it of the rule laid down by Mr. Fox , which I have before quoted in this house , namely , that in conducting a negociation , far from displaying an eager and inordinate ambition we should be moderate in the extreme ; that we should fairly and impartially place ourselves in the situation of France , whenever engaged in any great political transaction with her : that is , that we should abide by a maxim , which as a disciple of the old morality , I am not ashamed to avow to be the corner stone of all moral , 856 and political wisdom ; that divine maxim , which however the disciples of the school of the new morality may , by their actions contradict , and by their insinuations deride it , they will not in terms venture to disown , that in all cases nations as well as men should do unto others , as they would that others should do unto them . Sir , I propose , —1 . `` That it is the opinion of this house , that the conditions stipulated by his majesty 's ministers for the acceptance of the Mediation offered by the emperor of Russia , were inexpedient and impolitic.—2 . That it is the opinion of this house , that the conduct of his majesty 's ministers on the subject of the Mediation offered by the emperor of Austria , was unwise and impolitic , and not calculated to ascertain how far the restoration of the blessings of peace , might or might not have been attainable through the means of such Mediation.—3 . That there is nothing in the present state of the war , which ought to preclude his majesty from embracing any fair opportunity of acceding to , or commencing a negociation with the enemy on a footing of equality for the termination of hostilities on terms of equity and honour . '' rose and seconded the first Resolution . expressed his sense of the disadvantage under which he rose , after the admirable speech of his hon . friend . As to the two first Resolutions , he perfectly concurred with him ; and in the third likewise he agreed as to the letter , but differed as to the spirit and effect , and as to the propriety of passing such a resolution at the present moment . With regard to the two first , no man who considered the conduct that had been displayed by ministers , as to the Russian and Austrian mediation , could doubt that they manifested a tone , a temper , and a language which were wholly adverse to peace