gent . The hon . gent . denied that the latter part of Mr. Burke 's life went in any way to invalidate or contradict the sincerity of his earlier efforts . Those who were honoured with that great man 's friendship , or those who were acquainted with his very last work , knew that he took honour and credit to himself for having pursued such measures as tended to every species of economical reform ; they knew that , to the latest hour of his splendid career , he was as zealous and as sincere an enemy to rapine and public malversation as he was in the most vigorous period of his memorable life.—He thought this measure the more valuable , not because it bore upon the prerogative of the crown , but because it was a measure of reform ; and that perhaps , was the very reason of the right hon . gent . 's opposition to it.—The bill was to be respected , because it came from a committee appointed by the house to consider the means of reducing the public expenditure , and because it was the first step recommended by the committee for the attain- 100 ment of that object ; and , whether it should be deemed expedient as an ulterior measure to purchase the interests of the present reversioners , or to await the expiration of their terms , it was equally unfit that further grants in reversion should be made.—The question being put , leave was given to bring in the bill , with the single dissenting voice of Mr. W. Dundas . Mr. Bankes afterwards brought in the bill , which was read a first time . presented to the house , by his majesty 's command , the Papers relative to the Negotiation with Austria and Russia , of which the following are copies : PAPERS RELATIVE TO THE NEGOTIATION WITH AUSTRIA AND RUSSIA ; PRESENTED , BY HIS MAJESTY 'S COMMAND , TO BOTH HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT , JAN. 26 , 1808. inquired , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to submit to the house any proposition , founded upon the above Papers ? replied , that he was not aware of any such intention . then gave notice , that after a sufficient time had elapsed to give the members an opportunity of duly investigating the contests of these Papers , he should move some proposition , which would bring the house directly to the point of the propriety , at the present time , of entering into a negotiation with France . wished to know whether his majesty 's ministers had any objections to the immediate production of the proposition made by this country , for the Mediation of Russia , between Great Britain and Denmark , and of the Answer made thereto . replied , that unquestionably his majesty 's ministers 126 could have no objection to furnish the house with whatever information actually existed on the subject alluded to by the right hon . gent . For this purpose he was desirous that the right hon . gent . should shape his motion in such a manner , that it might apply to papers actually in existence . If the right hon . gent . meant to move for any official instruction on the subject , he could inform him that no such existed ; but if he confined his motion simply for the proposal that had been made to the court of Russia on the subject of mediation with Denmark , with the result of that proposal , to such a motion there could be no possible objection . expressed his wish to shape his motion , so as to attain the object he desired . The right hon . gent . must certainly be better informed on the subject than he was ; but he confessed he could not understand how any proposition could be made to the court of Petersburgh , without official instructions to our ambassador . The answer , too , must be official , and assuredly all these papers might be forth coming.—After