total inaction , placed the country in a state of the utmost peril , censured the wise and energetic measures of his majesty 's present government , by which we had been rescued from the danger . The necessity for the steps which had been taken by us was notorious . His majesty , in his most gracious speech , had declared that information of that necessity had been received by him ; a declaration which , constitutionally speaking , ought to have been received without hesitation . This information was of a nature that could not be communicated to parliament , but , did it follow , that the executive government were not justified in acting upon it ? If the executive government were restricted from acting but on information that they could communicate to parliament , the country might soon become like the wrestler , so beautifully alluded to by Demosthenes , who , instead of defending himself from blows meditated against him , was occupied in guarding against blows already struck . argued , that the question had not been fairly met . The motion did not go to pledge this country to the restoration of the Danish ships , but merely to keep it in our power , if circumstances should hereafter enable us to do so with safety . It must be a matter of doubt whether that situation of things would or would not arise ; but to look to its probability could not imply a censure on the expedition to Copenhagen . It had been said , that the motion was only an indirect censure , and could not meet the concurrence of any , but those who reprobated the whole of our conduct towards 655 Denmark.—The noble earl said , that in his own individual case , he found a proof of the reverse . He considered the seizure of the Danish navy as justifiable , on the ground of the notorious interest of France to make use of that navy against this country , and the notorious incapacity of Denmark to resist her demands . The expedition had , indeed , an appearance of deviating from the usual moderation of the British government , and , on that ground , he had felt at first a repugnance to the measure . But , after a fair consideration of the arguments on both sides , he could not deny that the urgency of the case , and the necessity of our own preservation , formed a sufficient apology for the aggression . Since , however , it was only on the plea of necessity and of self preservation that we justified the harshness of our conduct towards a peaceable and unoffending state , our measures ought not to be carried farther than this necessity required . So far from being inconsistent , the very principles of the expedition should dictate the adoption of the motion . The necessity of withdrawing the navy of Denmark from the grasp of France , could not imply any necessity for employing the Danish ships in preference to our own : it was due to the national honour to shew that the conduct of this country had not been actuated by motives of rapacity , and that the conciliatory offers , made by our commanders at Copenhagen , were not mere pretexts , which we intended to disregard , as soon as we had secured our object . perfectly coincided in opinion with the noble earl near him , that the present motion went to pass a censure on his majesty 's ministers ; and as such he could not agree to it . It had been said by a noble lord , that Denmark had been friendly towards this country . He denied the truth of this assertion . It fell to his lot to know that Denmark had not been friendly towards us . He had it on the authority of persons who resided a considerable time at the court of Copenhagen , that the Danes , so far from being friendly , had for many years past entertained hostile sentiments towards this country .