measures adopted towards America will be likely to produce misunderstanding between her and this country . I do not believe it ; on the contrary , I am thoroughly persuaded that America will feel , when she views these measures with that temper and coolness that I think she will , that this country has been actuated by no hostile feeling against her , but that whatever injury she may sustain , was absolutely unavoidable on our part , and indispensable to our preservation and existence . It is impossible that America should not see that this country has done every thing in its power compatible with its security , to accommodate and convenience her . I am proud it has been so ; convinced as I am , that the prosperity of the one country is the prosperity of the other . Different has been the treatment of France to America . All communication with G. Britain has been interdicted , under the threat of destroying her independence . The conduct of France towards America , I do contend , has been one continued scene of insult and injury . G. Britain has , on the contrary , uniformly acted with moderation and forbearance , and with every wish to cultivate amity and friendship between the two countries . I am satisfied , from all these considerations , and from the good sense of the people of America , that no rupture will take place between us and her . A great deal of objection has been raised against the shape of these Orders in Council , against the particular time at which they have been issued , and against their being too rigorous ; but I do trust the house will feel the weakness of these objections , and agree that they have been founded both upon policy , justice , and law . These Orders , I am satisfied , will cause severe privations on the continent , and visit upon the head of its tyrant the evils intended to be entailed upon us . The period in which we live is awful beyond example , and the contest in which we are engaged , great beyond precedent . We are possessed of the dominion of the sea ; France of the land ; so far we are on a 676 footing of complete equality . I regret to hear that so much clamour has been raised , by I know not what infatuation , for peace at the present moment . Are those who are such advocates for that measure , satisfied that it would be a lasting , solid , and safe one ? I very much fear that no peace of the kind could be obtained at present . I am satisfied , that by carrying on the contest with that spirit and energy that become a free people , the issue , will be speedy , honourable , and glorious . thought his hon . and learned friend , who had just sat down , had departed from the investigation of the question before the house . He contended , that the principle of self-preservation laid down by his hon . and learned friend in defence of these Orders in Council , was not made out . If it had been , he would admit it to be a justification of them . The injury done to neutrals , it was contended , was unavoidable , and was with a view to the ultimate injury and annoyance of the enemy . He contended , that we could have no right to attack neutrals directly in order to injure the enemy collaterally . The Order issued by his majesty 's late government , in Jan. 1807 , was issued on grounds totally distinct from the present Orders . The former was in perfect . conformity with the laws of nations ; the latter in direct violation of them . In order to justify our conduct towards America , it would be necessary to shew that she acquiesced in the provisions of the French Decree . The contrary , however , appeared to be the