order that they might state their reasons for passing the bill . strongly urged the expediency of agreeing to the bill , with the limitation intended to be proposed by his noble friend , in order that it might be 1048 considered in the interim , whether any of the offices granted in reversion ought to be regulated or abolished . Their lordships had an important ; public duty to perform ; they ought not to be swayed by influence on the one hand , or by clamour on the other ; but do steadily that which seemed the best mode of removing any grievance , or carrying into effect any proper plan of public economy . He could not see any danger in agreeing to this bill ; if any other measures should . be proposed which were inexpedient or improper , as his noble and learned friend seemed to apprehend , it would be competent for their lordships to reject them . — My lords ; the noble lord who has just sat down , has delivered observations so marked by political prudence , that I should have felt it unnecessary to have troubled your lordships , were I not unwilling to give a silent vote on a question of such vital importance at the present moment . I have heard fall from a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) such strange inferences , that I really feel at a loss in what manner to account for them , unless by supposing him to be influenced , on this occasion , by as strong . a political bigotry , as recently he was by a religious bigotry , so violent as not to have permitted his majesty 's ministers to venture his return to Ireland . That learned lord has declared his decided hostility to this measure , principally upon three grounds ; first , that its advocates have afforded to this house no proofs of its expediency ; next , that it is a direct invasion of the royal prerogative ; and finally , that it is objectionable , from the manner in which , he asserts , the otter house of parliament has attempted to force it upon the consideration of your lordship . My lords , in the first place , its expediency has appeared manifest to those who , by the vote of the other house , a vote recommended by the Speech from the throne . had , in consequence of very accurate investigation and very mature inquiry , found that , in order to effect all the objects of a salutary and practicable economy , an end ought to be put to the granting of offices in reversion . It was found , that whilst such grants continued to be made by time crown , it was impossible either to abolish or regulate those offices , which , from a change in circumstances , had considerably varied in the nature of their importance , and the extent of their duties , from the period when they were originally bestowed . Did 1049 the noble and learned lord not know , that there were offices now enjoyed by persons , under such grants , wherein , from a variety of causes , such a considerable advance in the salary and profits had taken place , as never could have been in the contemplation of the crown when it bestowed them , or in the view of the public when it assented to that prerogative , in virtue of which the power of conferring them was exercised . Indeed , in the case of the noble lord who has thought proper to move the amendment of this night , I find the strongest illustration of this proposition . And here , my lords , give me leave to assure you , that in adverting to this fact , I am as sincerely impressed as any man who hears me with the valid and just title of the noble lord ( Arden ) to the benefits of the situation which he holds under this species of grant . Neither can I be supposed to