, could differ in opinion with the hon . mover of the present question.—We had , he said , long had houses of commons who had permitted ministers to go on with the war , he hoped they would , now have one that would stop them in the career they had shaped out for themselves of eternal war . He could not avoid once more adverting to the state of Ireland , of which ministers had not taken the smallest notice , in that , elaborate manifesto they had given in the shape of the king 's speech . He could not but reflect with the deepest concern on four millions , the proscribed majority of that country , which it appeared to be the intention of minisiers to persecute , instead of holding : forth the gentle hand of conciliation . In short , he was very sorry to say , that from every appearance , and from every information he had been able to collect on the subject , that country was at present in imminent danger . It was the duty of ministers , because it was their true policy , to use every means in their power to conciliate Ireland , which could only be done effectually by peace and toleration , and by rendering Catholic emancipation less urgent . He was , however , afraid that would never be the case with the present ministry , whose avowed intentions and charter to their present offices had shewn them determined on persecution . in a maiden speech , lamented the prejudice and perversion of opinion and talent to which a spirit of party and faction seemed capable of deli 866 vering over some descriptions of men . There were those who turned with indifference or scorn from the hardships of their own countrymen , while struggling in the cause of the honour and independence of the country , and yet shewed themselves tenderly alive only to the sufferings of America and Denmark . But such men misinterpreted the opinion and the feelings of the country . The country valued wealth , and certainly much of its power and energies depended upon that wealth ; but under circumstances like the present , it felt that wealth must be subservient to honour . That sentiment neither Buonaparte , nor the friends of Buonaparte , wherever they moved , nor all the violence of his sanguinary decrees , would ever be able to extinguish . It was not to be extinguished by the partial sufferings of some of our manufacturers ; —no , nor could it be extinguished by the complete stagnation of our whole trade . Those who held a different language of the character of their country , could be only the indisposed few who endeavoured to blow every spark of disaffection and discontent into a flame , and to place in an odious light the conduct , of the present administration , chiefly because they felt the damning contrast which it exhibited with their own . Men who , while in opposition , were clamorous ; while in government impotent ; whose apathy was called moderation , and whose attempts to delude the people were dignified with the name of patriotism . Give him much sooner the inflexible firmness , the persevering fortitude , of the men who now guided the destinies of the nation , than the pusillanimous precaution of those who would seek for comfort and ease at the expence of honour and security . Fresh aggressions called only for fresh resistance , and more determined resolution . Such , at least , he trusted , were the sentiments with which his majesty 's ministers were nerved , and that he might venture to say of them , what the poet said of the resolute and just— Si fractus illabatur orbis , Impavidum ferient ruinæ . observed , that all the maxims which were laid down on the opposite side had a tendency to support the principle of eternal war . There was not an argument that was advanced this night in opposition to the motion which might not with equal propriety be