a hostile confederacy.—The encampment , too , of . their forces in Holstein , where they might be of , use against France , and in Zealand , where we might be expected , is another presumption , and not to be reconciled to the supposition of her having engaged in any confederacy against us . She had not made any demonstrations 1193 with her navy , which continued just in the same state of preparation in which it had been for nearly half a century , nor could it have been ready for sea , in less than six or eight weeks . Her merchant ships were , too , chiefly in our ports , or in the seas which we command , and her sailors were distributed over the world , but mostly in our employ and in our power . Even our West India ships have been chiefly manned by Danish sailors , our native seamen having been constantly impressed into his majesty 's service , so that merchants can scarcely retain even the ship 's apprentices , and too frequently even the masters themselves are carried off There are , indeed , a few invalided men from our ships of war , and here and there a single landman who wishes to go to sea ; but ail the remainder of the mercantile crews are Portuguese , or Swedes , or Danes ; of the former a few , of the Swedes more , but incomparably the roost have been Danes . And this , sir , has been the fact for many years . I leave the house to judge the importance of this fact , both as it affects our power of retaining them in case of hostility , and as it leaves little doubt of the tempers of the seamen themselves . They have , indeed , for more than ten years been half Englishmen , and the Zealander , Holsteiner , and Norwegian sailors have become almost as much attached to this country as to their own.—It so happened , sir , that at the time of the expedition sailing , most of those Danish ships were here which bring the summer importation , and carry away those articles of our manufactures and colonial produce , which they want for their autumn trade and their winter consumption . It is usual for the Danish merchant or captain who order these goods , to give to the manufacturer or dealer a credit on the merchant here , to whom the sale of the imports has been consigned.—Of the merchants one of the most extensive and respectable is the Danish consul , and to him frequent applications were made by the .manufacturer or dealer for his opinion as to the probability of war , and prudence of preparing the goods.—So slow , sir , was this gent . to believe that hostility would ensue , that , I know that he steadily persisted in advising the captains to be tranquil , and the tradesmen to go on , although his own interests and that of his .correspondents must have been deeply injured by such advice , if founded on error.—And now , sir , I am come to the consideration of that 1194 Case of 'urgent , imminent , paramount , irresistible necessity , ' but it is gone , vanished , and has left no traces . I can find no substance left , not enough to set up even as a man of straw , that I might combat it . For , sir , every failure of the reasons assigned for each separate cause of dread , the abandonment of the plea derived from . the alledged articles , or engagements , or arrangements at Tilsit , from the charged , but abandoned collusion and hostility of the Danes ; as well as the deficiency of proof even as to their inability when aided by us and by the Swedes , all these are so many props taken away from the support of that crazy building , the fortress of the arguments of ministers , namely , that the danger to