British constitution ; which held publicity , though attended with some disadvantages , to be , on the whole , preferable to secrecy . Information of the most secret nature had often , upon this ground , been produced , with only a concealment of names . The 1363 ministers , if their principle of secrecy was adopted , might recline on their bed of roses , or remain concealed , like moles in their apartments under ground , till they happened occasionally to blunder into light . denied that the noble lord had in a former debate made any quotation from a private letter . He had used the fact in the way of argument , leaving it to the house to give what degree of credit they pleased to his assertion . He thought the production of the letter without the name would not be a sufficient guarantee for the safety of the person from whom the communication was received , and would therefore support the amendment . would fairly state , that he had hitherto abstained from speaking on the subject , because whatever might have been the course of the debate , if it had been possible that the argument of the hon . gent . should have influenced the house , or that the arguments of his noble friend should not have influenced the house on what he conceived to be the clear question before them ; if the inclination of the house had shewn itself to be unfavourable to his view of the subject ; he should then have stood up , not merely to argue against the motion , but to entreat the house , that if they did not place in him that confidence , without which it was impossible for him adequately to fulfil the duties of his situation , they would permit him to retire , retaining his honour . Not one spark of that honour should he conceive he retained , if he were to divulge that which at the time when it was communicated , and since , and now , he felt , was communicated in confidence . Under that impression , however great the deference which he entertained for the house , and however anxious he was to bow to their decision , were that decision to call for the production of the paper in question , he would rather incur their displeasure , than thus compromise his own honour and character . Having said thus much , he should proceed to remark on some of the arguments that had been urged by the opposite side of the house . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had imagined a possible case in which the private correspondence between the secretary of state at home and the minister abroad , might be pushed to such an extreme , that all official intercourse might be carried on in that manner , and 1364 the historian be left to search in vain for public documents on which to ground his relations . The impossibility was so evident ( since the chasm must so soon be discovered by the colleagues of the minister , and by the sovereign , who could not fail to be surprised at the departure and arrival of messengers without dispatches , that he was astonished how the right hon . gent . ( who , to great acuteness of understanding , joined that knowledge of business , which certainly must shew him that acuteness of understanding , though theoretically advantageous , might be practically injurious to business ) could advance such a monstrous supposition . As his noble friend had justly stated , many cases must occur , in which a minister at a foreign court might , in his public official dispatches , relate facts and occurrences to his own government , and , at the same time , confide to them , in secret communications , what he conceived to be the springs and motives of those occurrences . An ambassador might be put in possession , through confidential channels , of such information . He might receive it on