them partially , commenting upon them , and replacing them in his box , and thereby influencing debate and decision—refusing , and prevailing on the house to refuse , information by these very statements , on which he rested his case . Was this like the transaction in 1725 ? The duke of Newcastle stated but a short passage , and that was objected to , as contrary to . parliamentary usage.—Lord Melville read but a passage , and that was immediately objected to—but it was objected to by his political enemy , Mr. Fox . I ask , in answer , was it justified by his political friend Mr. Pitt ? No , never —It therefore remains a reprobated and an unjustified transgression . I am 917 accused , sir , by the hon . gent . who spoke last , with having myself committed a most violent offence against order , by having introduced a question with reference to a former debate , at the distance of a month . Sir , I have done no such thing . Your attention to the orders of this house would have checked me if I had done so . My motion is founded upon what appears on the journals of the 8th of Feb. On that day a motion was made , and the question being put , `` That an humble address be presented to his maj. that he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that there be laid before this house a copy of the dispatch from lord visc . Howick to Mr. Garlike , dated London Dec. 3 , 1806 , an extract from which was read by Mr. secretary Canning in his place in this house on Wednesday last , and the Answer of Mr. Garlike thereto , '' it passed in the negative . 'Resolved , that an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that there be laid before this house copy of the Note delivered by Mr. Rist to lord viscount Howick , relative to the Order in Council of January 7 , 1807 , and the Answer thereto , extracts from which were read by Mr. Secretary Canning in his place in this house on Wednesday last . ' 'Ordered , That the said address be presented to his majesty by such members of this house as are of his majesty 's most honourable privy council , '—These entries are unparalleled in the history of parliament . I will venture to say , that it is the first time that any such entry appears ; they establish , if allowed to stand unobserved upon , that a secretary of state read parts of dispatches , and did not deliver them in—they do not appear to be before us , in either of the legitimate modes by which we get state papers ; they have not been laid , by the command of the king , and one set of them is refused to be addressed for by this house on the 8th . They are produced since on the motion of the secretary of state himself , on the 26th , and he who had before refused them , for reasons of state safety , now moved for their production for self defence . Where then is his ground for charging me with a disorderly proceeding ? But , sir , the gentleman is equally unfortunate in his precedent , which has produced so much solemnity ; indeed I am astonished , how he and those connected with him should have the boldness to allude to that transaction , considering that 918 some among them are guilty of the greatest violation of the constitution that ever was committed , by their conduct on that occasion . I mean the reference to the conduct of lord Grey on the change of administration , who is charged with having done what I charged the right hon . secretary to have done , by stating the minute of cabinet which took place at the change of administration . Has the hon .