the navy , such as clerk of the works , who should be an architect ; auditor , who should be a lawyer ; organist , brewer , clerk of the cheque , surveyor , and others . With these exceptions , he thought no other office should be filled otherwise than from the navy , except when , after a month 's notice in the newspapers , no naval person should present himself with proper qualifications to fill the office vacant . He should propose an amendment , adopting the hon . baronet 's idea , with this limitation , and he should , in the event of the amendment being adopted , propose an Address to his majesty , praying that he would cause a corresponding alteration to be made in the Charter of Greenwich Hospital . After some observations from Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Rose , Mr. N. Calvert . and Mr. R. Ward , sir C. Pole agreed to the exceptions proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the motions were passed accordingly rose to offer a motion to the house , which , in his opinion , might afford an opportunity of bringing the house to a decision on the long contested point , whether the Petitions against the operation of the Orders in Council , which had been presented to the house , were to be attended to or not . After insisting on the right which the subject undoubtedly had of being heard against measures which aggrieved him , and after enumerating a number of precedents , to shew that the object of his motion was strictly conformable to the standing orders of the house , and the best practice of parliament in the best times , his lordship concluded with moving , `` That the Orders in Council be referred to a committee of the whole house , and that the petitioners against them be heard by themselves and counsel , as to such points in which the petitioners could shew they had a distinct and direct interest . '' A long conversation ensued , in which the lord chancellor , lords Hawkesbury and Mulgrave acceded to the motion , on the understanding that it was not proposed to hear counsel against the Orders in Council bill , and that no delay should take place in the progress of that bill . Lord Grenville the earl of Lauderdale , and earl Spencer disclaimed any understanding upon the subject , which should fetter their judgments in the application of the information which might be communicated at the bar . Lord Sid-mouth had some doubts as to the form of proceeding , but was friendly to the object of the motion . The question was at length put , and the motion agreed to . after complimenting their lordships on at length adopting , some mode of hearing the petitioners , then 1245 Moved , that the Petitions be referred to a committee of the whole house tomorrow . Another conversation arose upon this motion , and lord Hawkesbury moved as an amendment , Monday next , instead of tomorrow . This amendment was strenuously supported by the lord chancellor , lord Mulgrave , and lord Redesdale ; and opposed by lords Grenville , Holland , Darnley , Grey , and Spencer ; after which a division took place on the amendment . Contents , 43 : Non-contents 18.— Majority 25 . The order of the day was next read for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the bill , when earl Spencer moved , that the house do hear the Petitioners on Tuesday next ; on this question , the house divided . Contents , 18 ; Non-contents , 47 . —Lord Grenville then moved that it be an instruction to the committee to divide the bill into two parts , that part which regarded the bill as of Aid and Supply , and that which regarded the commercial regulations , on which latter part he wished Counsel to be heard . On this question , nearly the same noble lords again were heard , when the house