more conveniently brought forward , to declare against the Orders in Council . He considered it highly derogatory to the character of the country to see such things with indifference ; things contrary to all law , and not to be justified by any principle of retaliation upon enemies . Till the right hon . gent . should convince the house of the propriety of these acts , by reference to books of public law and the statute book , till he and his colleagues should have submitted reasons to justify a Bill of Indemnity , and till such a bill should have been passed , the motion now offered was highly improper . was ready to admit , that in the view the noble lord had taken , and conceiving as the noble lord did , that the law of nations and the municipal law of the land had been violated , the noble lord was right in requiring explanation on these heads , before he agreed to the Speaker 's leaving the chair . The noble lord wished now to argue the legality of these Orders in Council , and to reserve the question of policy to another stage of the business . But as the legality was so far from being decisive as to the policy , in the noble lord 's opinion , the policy might as well be discussed first , and the legality after . The objections in point of law would not be found so strong as the noble lord had stated them . With respect to the principle that the law of nations did not admit of any variation , not by the privy council , as the noble lord had by mistake stated , but by the king in council , he was ready to allow that the prerogative was in that case limited and regulated by the same rules of public law as in every other . It was the exercise of the king 's prerogative of war . He was free to admit , that neither the prerogative of the king in council , nor yet an act of parliament , nor any other act of any individual nation , could change the general law of nations , established and acted upon by general consent . Thus , if the thing could be legally done at all , it was as legally done now as it could be with the consent of parliament . Whatever right there was , might be as fairly exercised by the prerogative of the crown , the nation being at war , as enforced by the legislative authority . The measures that were now in force were suggested by the propriety of retaliating the aggressions of the enemy . It was extraordinary , after the example set by the late administration , that the noble lord condemned in opposition what he had as a minister sanctioned and approved . The noble lord said , that what was done by the French Decree of Nov. was mere matter of regulation , affecting only the internal regulations with respect to British merchandize . If the noble lord thought really so , he was right in maintaining and defending his opinion . But , what was to be lamented was , that the noble lord was not of the same opinion now and when in office . The Order in Council , restricting the coasting trade of France by means of neutrals , was a proof that the late ministers conceived the Order to be executed 322 beyond the bounds of mere internal regulation . If this was the sentiment of the late ministers , then what had happened since to make them think differently ? Was it the late decree ? It was hard , indeed , that having the authority of those who professed mildness in justification of this rigour , those who had avowed the necessity of more active measures , should now be condemned for having followed up what that authority sanctioned . He referred to former times thus far , only to shew that the policy now enforced had been recognised and