member , then , yet to learn the disposition of a Frenchman 's mind ? Did he not know that , in every clime and country , he was bent upon the destruction of our power and interests ; and that , such was the malignity of his hatred , he would bury even this happy land itself beneath that wave where he now flees from our cannon.—It had been asserted in a former night 's debate ( by an hon . director , Mr. Grant ) , that the foreign and internal policy of lord Wellesley had been equally erroneous ; that it had destroyed the confidence of surrounding states , alienated the affections of our native subjects , and placed our power in greater danger than at the time of lord Wellesley 's arrival in India . In replying to these extraordinary assertions , Mr. L. wished to ask , at what period we had enjoyed the confidence of surrounding states ? Did we ever possess the confidence of Tippoo , or his father Hyder Ally ? Had the Mahrattas ever reposed in security , that we regarded only our commercial pursuits ? Did Nizam ud Dowlah , at any period , feel disposed to trust to us ? Was there any thing in the nature of our possession in India calculated to conciliate the confidence of surrounding states ? Was not the whole derived from conquest ; and was it not clear , that whenever our energy should relax , or the union 1139 of our power be disturbed , 'Nature , rising up , will claim her original rights , and destroy an unjust usurpation ? '—As the best reply that Mr. Lushington could make to the unfounded statement of the hon . director , he would here briefly explain to the house what had been the policy of marquis Wellesley ; he should speak on this subject with a confidence inspired by local knowledge of India , and a particular acquaintance with his lordship 's principles and intentions upon his arrival in that country , having held the situation of private secretary to the governor of Fort St. George at that period . No man in that house , whatever might be his humanity , could more anxiously deprecate the necessity of calling the army into the field , than lord Wellesley did . The humane feelings of his mind would , at all times , lead him to resort to this extremity with the most bitter anguish ; but at this period it was particularly to be dreaded , in consequence of the embarrassed state of our finances . He had , however , no choice : —his lordship saw , with a prophet 's eye , the furies of war brooding upon the mountains of the Balagaut , pregnant with destruction to our power , and with misery to the unoffending people of the Carnatic . To guard against this calamity , there was a fancied balance of the powers of Tippoo Sultaun , of the Nizam , the Mahrattas , and the Company : but there was this remarkable circumstance in this balanced power , that we were always sure to have the most powerful member of it against us.—This balance of power was established by lord Cornwallis ; but there was established , at the same time , the inevitable causes of its destruction . In wresting from Tippoo , in the year 1792 , one-half of his dominions , we secured the implacable hatred of that prince , and every effort of his power and malignity to combine for our destruction . In favouring the establishment of French officers in the soubah of the Dekhan , we cherished a hostile force , which usurped the government of the Nizam , and held the power of that state ready to combine with Tippoo in subverting every object of the triple alliance.—Such was the state of India at the time of lord Wellesleys arrival . Tippoo was then meditating at what moment he should early the calamities of war into the peaceful vales of the Carnatic ; his hereditary malignity inflamed almost