; they are converted into the allies of France ; and can any one doubt that it . was part of the system of that Treaty , that Denmark , Russia , and Prussia , were all to be condemned to comply with the confederacy ? France now had accomplished what she deemed a grand object towards excluding the commerce of G. Britain from all the continental ports . What was the answer of Buonaparte himself , as to America ? He expressly disavows any intention of excluding her from his measures , even when he began to feel that the blockade of this country might tend to 671 retort upon him the evil of his own injustice . Now , let us look a little into the situation of this country and Europe , as affected by the Treaty of Tilsit , in the latter part of Oct. or beginning of Nov. last , when these Orders in Council were issued . The fact was , that with regard to England , she was excluded from every port of Europe , except the island of Sicily . Her produce and manufactures were completely interdicted . Yet , it has been stated , that these Orders have been the ruin of our commerce . Look at our situation without these Orders , and then let us consider the question . Not a port was open at the period they were issued . The continental market of Europe was completely shut against us . But then it is said , that those vigorous measures of the French government would not have been carried into execution , had not our Orders been adopted . Now , I answer to this , that we have not read a single news-paper , for many months back , that did not bring us accounts of fresh measures being taken for the rigorous and strict observance of that original decree . Besides this , let us look to the probability of the fact . It might very probably have been the case , had France continued at war with some of the other continental powers , that she would , from necessity , have softened the rigour of her Decree , and connived at neutrals introducing British commodities upon the continent ; but , when Buonaparte has consummated his grand scheme for the destruction of our maritime power , can any person believe , that he would any longer have suffered this connivance ? Would he not have done every thing to forward his grand object of excommunicating G. Britain from the society of nations ? We have only to refer to the newspapers of the month of Oct to find , that at the very moment when Buonaparte restores to their legitimate sovereigns the districts of Mechlenburg and Oldenburg , it is upon the express condition that they shall exclude British commerce . If this , then was the case , what was the situation of this country ? We might send our manufactures for the consumption of our colonies , and in return we could brim home our colonial produce , but there our commerce ended . Not one article of British manufacture could find its way to the continent of Europe . Will any person say , that this situation would not be the destruction of the resources of this country : We could have nothing to do , but either to at- 672 tempt to force open the door to the continental market , or submit to those terms of peace which France was willing to impose upon us . If France had the means of obtaining from other sources those articles of which she stood in need , is it at all probable that she would ever have consented to admit our produce ? When France is deprived of those articles , is it not natural to suppose that she will become the violator of her own prohibitions ? Will she not then be induced to receive our commerce into her territories ? Is there any chance of her doing this , if she could be supplied by other means ?