possibly be rejected or put aside , because it is the very foundation of it , since it goes on to say that under these circumstances his majesty had found himself compelled to act . What circumstances ? Is it possible to reject the main and even the last antecedent , to wit , the execution of the decree with 'encreasing rigour ? ' whereas , I am prepared to shew your lordships ( as it has indeed been repeatedly shewn already ) that , at the date 944 of the Order in Council , the French Decree had not been executed at all ; that the recital , therefore , is false , and that , for any thing that appears to us , ministers knew it to be false , when they made it the preamble to justify the enacting part of the Order : nay more , my lords , that they knew also the United States had not acquiesced even in the publication of the Decree ; but , on the contrary , had made a just and successful remonstrance against its application to America.—My lords , this most important part of the subject was treated the other night with such irresistible force and eloquence by my friend the noble earl ( Grey ) who sits near me at the table , that it is with great reluctance I meddle with it at all . My noble friend , not indeed upon his defence , except to rescue his colleagues and himself from the praises bestowed upon them for principles they disavowed , and upon the assumption of facts which they never acted on , has rendered the task not only unnecessary but painful . A few dates and sentences however will be sufficient to dispose for ever of this part of the subject . The papers on the table have been transposed in the printing , but I have put them together , for my own use , in their natural order , to prevent confusion in referring to them.—The first is the Note of the British commissioners , lords Holland and Auckland , to the American ministers , dated the 31st of Dec. 1806 . By that paper , although the Decree of the 21st of Nov. had been published above a month , they repel with indignation , in the name of his majesty , the very idea of a constructive blockade , which France endeavoured to consider as an act of retaliation on this country . They express themselves thus : And with regard to the only specific charge , it is notorious that his majesty has never declared any ports to be in a state of blockade without allotting to that object a force sufficient to make entrance into them manifestly dangerous . Such principles are in themselves extravagant , and repugnant to the law of nations ; and the pretensions founded upon them , though professedly directed solely against G. Britain , tend to alter the practice of war amongst civilized nations , and utterly to subvert the rights and independence of neutral powers ! —Let us now see whether it ever occurred to these noble lords , when they were composing this excellent paper , that G. Britain could retaliate on America upon the bare publication of this Decree , 945 or that they considered it to have been executed or acquiesced in by America : on the contrary , they go on to say—The undersigned can not , therefore , believe that the enemy will ever seriously attempt to enforce such a system : if he should , they are confident that the good sense of the American government will perceive the fatal consequences of such pretensions to its neutral commerce , and that its spirit and regard to national honour will prevent its acquiescence in such palpable violations , & c. If , however , the enemy should carry these threats into execution , and if neutral nations should , contrary to all expectation , acquiesce in such usurpations , his majesty might , probably , be compelled to retaliate in his just defence , and to