wisdom , recommend to his majesty , that no means be omitted , consistent with our national honour and security , for restoring to his faithful subjects the blessings of Peace . `` —On the motion , that the Petition do lie on the table , `` Sir , I do not rise to object to the motion , satisfied as I am of the propriety of the terms in which the petitioners have claimed the attention of the house to a subject so highly interesting to the whole country ; although I can not but , at the same time , feel that it is a subject which must always be in the contemplation of this house , and of those whose duty it is to advise his majesty . I trust , sir , 1 shall not be considered as deficient in feeling for the situation of the petitioners , if I express my sincere opinion and conviction , that even were peace to be the immediate cure of the evils 694 of which they.complain , the mode of obtaining that cure which they have adopted , must necessarily retard its acquisition . While I allow that it is perfectly natural for the petitioners , experiencing the privations which they do experience , to look eagerly to any remedy that appears to promise them relief , yet , on the part of those who ought to take a more extensive view of the subject , I must deprecate any accusation of hardness of heart , if they declare their firm opinion , that , should they be driven to a negociation under circumstances in which they must feel fettered and embarrassed , such would unquestionably not be the mode of obtaining the object prayed for by the petitioners ; namely , a peace , consistent with the security and honour of the country . In expressing these sentiments , sir , I am speak those of my colleagues . We are anxious to avail ourselves of the best means to accomplish this desirable end . Our duty and our interest , unite to induce us , if possible , to obtain a peace consistent with the security and honour of the country . We have missed no fair opportunity for that purpose . Sir , I am anxious to repeat , that we feel most strongly the distress of that situation from which the petitioners , wish to be relieved ; but we are bound to advise his majesty conscientiously to the best of our judgment , and we are satisfied that , by a premature negociation , or one commenced on any grounds but those of perfect equality and independence , not only would the object of the petitioners fail of being realized , but any subsequent hopes which they might be led to entertain would be disappointed , in a manner the most injurious to them , and to the country at large . `` —The Petition was then ordered to lie on the table . observed , that on the first day of the session he had noticed . a passage relating to Sweden , in the Speech of the lords commissioners , and having inquired of the right hon . secretary , whether by that passage it was implied , that the house should make good a subsidiary treaty with Sweden , the right hon . gent . had replied , -that he expected shortly to have his majesty 's commands to lay on the table of that house , subsidiary treaty with Sweden . Above a month had elapsed , but no such treaty had been produced , although , it was rumoured , on what authority he knew not , that a considerable sum of money had actually been sent from G. Britain to that country . He 695 wished to know whether any money had been so transmitted ? and if it had , whether it was under the conditions of a treaty subsisting prior to the observation in the speech , or in consequence of the conclusion of a more recent treaty ? replied , that the reason why the