him to no danger whatever . Sir , the right hon . gentleman has assumed , this day , a tone which ill becomes the cause he has to defend : he mocks our moderation ; and he asks my right hon . friend , `` why do n't you move an amendment ? '' and he puts this , give me leave to say , rather in an insulting tone ; and talks to my right hon . friend ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) of what he calls `` the commencement of his career in leading an opposition . '' Sir , the right hon . gentleman seems to have forgot the short time that he himself has been a leader of the administration he now directs , or that he is somewhat in his novitiate in a situation , his fitness for which may require the test of some probationary years . It do n't become him , sir , to assume such a , deportment towards my right hon . friend ; but I hope my right hon . friend will take a lesson front his suggestion and propose an amendment , for which it is not yet too late , and the amendment I would suggest would be to leave out of the address the whole of the paragraph which relates to Denmark ; as , after what I have heard this night , I have strong objections to go to a decision upon that part of the Address until I see fuller information before the house . I do declare , sir , that I entered the house this night with a strong disposition to support his majesty 's ministers in the specific measure respecting Copenhagen , because I took for granted they were ready to lay before parliament the most irrefragable proofs of imperious necessity to justify the proceeding . But , sir , from what I have heard , my disposition is materially altered . I heard a young and eloquent member ( the mover ) in his speech this night , assert that the mind of the country Was made up on the subject . I own my mind was made up to a certain degree , because I hoped ministers would not have suffered themselves to be so critically involved , if they could not prove the absolute necessity under which they felt themselves obliged to resort strong measure for the defence of their country ; and therefore , sir , if they can prove that necessity , to justify the proceeding against Denmark , I shall be perfectly ready to give them on this occasion my most cordial support . But how is the house to say the measure was justifiable ? We have it , indeed , from 74 the sacred lips of his majesty , , that he was in possession of the proofs of a secret understanding and collusion between Russia and Denmark to form a confederacy with France against this country . But have his majesty 's ministers attempted to shew this by any proof , not even approaching to legal evidence ? It was upon the reliance that they could adduce such proof that I was disposed to support them , because I really did not imagine , that without the most irrefragable proofs of the necessity , they would have proceeded to measures which otherwise must be considered a gross outrage upon every principle and feeling held sacred amongst mankind : for had such proofs really existed , I do not hesitate to say they would have been fully justified , in such a proceeding , to keep the fleet of Denmark out of the grasp of the French ruler . In such a case self preservation is paramount to all other considerations . Fiat justitia ruat coelum , ' sir , is a principle I admire as much as any man . But if I am to maintain this principle towards a power who refuses all adherence to it , and if I am , in that spirit , to look tamely on , while my enemy seizes from a defenceless power a