of the right hen . gent . who had just sat down , put his majesty 's ministers on their trial for that , which , until questioned by them , had been considered as the salvation of the country . In the greatness of his apprehension , lest all moral impressions should be effaced from the minds of the house , the right hon . gent . had taken a course which afforded a brilliant example of a morality , not only out of the ordinary track , but more severe even than that Roman morality , which he knew had its admirers on the opposite bench . his majesty 's ministers were called to account—not for disaster and disgrace . They had been called to answer on an accusation of success , to explain the elements , and justify the motives 268 of an eminent service successfully performed . Whatever might be the decision of the house , he , for one , should always feel the highest satisfaction in having been so accused . It was also source of peculiar gratification , that no imputation could rest on those gentlemen by whom this motion was brought forward , of being actuated by party feelings , as had sometimes happened , when the successors of an administration had been left in possession of a glory , which they had dilapidated . He was not aware that any , envious feelings of comparison could have instigated the present motion ; when nothing had been done by one set of men , it was impossible to compare their actions with what had been done by another . There was another feature in this transaction honourable to the character of the house ; they were not then debating how to ward off impending danger , but , in comparative security , were discussing by what mode that security could be continued . According to the sentiments of the gentlemen opposite , the restoration of the Danish fleet would be the best mode of continuing , that security ; for , certainly , if it were decided , that the taking of them was unjust , the justice of retaining them could not possibly be asserted . The house would riot blame the spoilers and yet keep the spoil . Though he could not agree with the right hon . gent . in his conclusion , he agreed with , him in his premises , that if injustice had been done , it should be not only marked but repaired . The right hon . gent . had fairly stated , that the disposition of Denmark and Russia , and the means of France , constituted tire question before the home . He had admitted the designs of France without any other evidence than that contained in his majesty 's speech . With respect to the disposition of Denmark , he begged the right hon . gent . to recollect , at the outset , that it was not maintained by his majesty 's ministers , that wilfully , knowingly , and of choice , Denmark had been desirous of war with G. Britain rather than of peace . This had neither been maintained , nor was it necessary to be so . A right hon . friend of his , on the opposite side of the house ( Mr. Sheridan ) , had said , on a late evening , that a case of weakness on the part of Denmark , and of a determination to avail herself of that weakness , on the part of France , would alone be a justification of the conduct of the British government . Though he did not impute to 269 Denmark a disposition to go to war with this country , he protested against the advantage which was taken of this admission , when it was asserted , that we had had the hearts of the Danes , and that we had forfeited them . He did not like talking of national dislikes , hut such an observation evinced a most complete blindness to the fact , which was , that from the