and to bear in mind , that if , as had been said , the expedition was generally approved of hitherto by the country , it was because that country looked with confidence to his majesty 's ministers for the fullest and most satisfactory information.—The house then divided , Contents , 35 Proxies , 13—48 Non-Contents , 67 Proxies , 38—105 384 Majority against the motion , 57 . List of the Minority . Norfolk , Auckland , Somerset , Carysfort , Bedford , Erskine , Devon , Ellenborough , Argyle , Ponsonby , Stafford , Lauderdale , Derby , Yarborough , Jersey , Hutchinson , Cowper , Braybrooke . Essex , Stanhope , Proxies . Hardwicke , Bute , Grey , Shaftsbury , Cholmondeley , Carnarvon , Albemarle , Lucan , Fitzwilliam , Thanet , Spencer , Hereford , Buckinghamshire , Dorchester , Sidmouth , Bulkeley , St. John , Ossory , Besborough , Lilford , Darnley , Dundas , King , Foley , P Holland , Spencer of Worm- Moira , leighton ( lord Grenville , Brandford ) begged the attention of the gentlemen opposite for a few moments . The house would recollect , that as the late administration quitted office before the result of the Expedition to Constantinople was known , it was impossible for him to judge what Papers had or had not been received on the subject by the admiralty . It was well known that the greater part of communications from the admiralty originated in letters to and from the first lord , who caused all such letters to him , and duplicates of all such letters from him , as he conceived to be fit subjects of official resort , to be laid before the board of Admiralty . He had not now the opportunity of knowing whether several papers of considerable importance to the elucidation of this subject , had been laid before the board . One was a Letter from lord Collingwood to the first lord of the admiralty , containing sir T. Louis 's report of the state of the Dardanelles , and of the Turkish fleet and batteries on the 5th of Dec. Two others were Letters from himself to lord Collingwood , on the subject of Alexandria and Constantinople , of which he had thought proper to lay before the admiralty certified copies , that they might become the subjects of official resort . Having so done , he thought it his duty to call the attention 385 his majesty 's ministers , before they made up their minds on the Papers , to be produced , and to express his hope , that when those papers were produced , a sufficient time would be allowed for the discovery of any deficiencies that it might be found necessary to supply . observed , that he had on a former occasion sufficiently evinced his wish , that all the information on the subject , which the gentlemen opposite were desirous of having , should be produced , although the expression of that wish had been so ungraciously treated , that he should feel much disinclined again to enter into a private communication on that or any other subject with the gentlemen opposite . in explanation , declared that the first intimation which he had had of the private communication to which the right hon . gent . alluded , was when on his legs in that house . rose to make his promised motion for the production of certain Papers , extracts from which had been quoted by the right hon . secretary , in his speech , in defence of the expedition to Copenhagen . ( p . 272 . ) The hon . member observed , that the subject was of the highest importance in itself . The right hon . secretary in his speech , had carried the practice of making partial extracts from papers not before the house , to an extent to which it had never been pushed before . In the course of his speech , which certainly none but an able man could have spoken , he had resorted to a