in pursuance of the above motions : viz . said , that the information obtained relative to the Expedition to Copenhagen , was just enough to excite suspicion , but was not sufficient to give any satisfactory explanation of the conduct of ministers . He hoped this temper of reserve would not be shown in respect to the Papers he should apply for in a transaction that was said to bear so near an analogy to that proceeding : he meant the Papers connected with the negociation with Portugal . He did not think it was necessary to make any comment upon the propriety of acquiring this intelligence , until objections should be made , which he was not disposed to anticipate . He should , therefore , propose his first motion , which would be followed by several others . It was , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , copies of the Instructions to earl St. Vincent for the direction of his conduct at Lisbon , in 1806 ; and also copies of the Instructions given on the same occasion to the earl of Rosslyn and to general Simcoe . '' said , that not having had any communication with the hon . gent . on the subject of his motion , and not having collected from his speech what would be the extent of it , he wished to know what additional documents he meant to require , before he acceded to the proposition . replied , that his other motions would apply to the communications from the three persons he had named to the prince regent , and the replies to them ; and further , the particulars of the interview with the prince regent prior to their departure from the Tagus . objected , that a motion so general did not admit the exclusion of matter , however delicate in its nature , and however dangerous to impart . Applications of this kind , to provide the house with the particulars of a private interview with a sovereign prince , had never been attempted before , and if acceded to must have the most pernicious consequences . It was well known , that while the British ministers were waiting in the anti-room with the servants of Imperial princes , the French accredited agents had passed our envoys , and had bearded sovereigns within the recesses of their own cabinets . This preference had occasioned some complaints , and the result had been that , on various 536 occasions , the British agent had been admitted to the like privilege . But this footing of equality must be destroyed , if it were permitted that the private communications with an independent sovereign should be laid on the table of the house , subsequently become the matter of debate , and again be indecently circulated through the kingdom in the public newspapers . He was happy on this occasion to make a stand , and openly to resist such propositions . There was no country in Europe where direct intercourse between the foreign ministers and the monarch was so strictly guarded as in our own : none here were suffered to approach the throne , unless the servants of the crown were present ; and in proportion to the difficulty of immediate access with us , were the obstacles presented to the same access of our ministers abroad . opposed the principle laid down by the right hon . secretary , and expressed his surprise at hearing such doctrine first broached by the person , who , on a former night , read in that house extracts of documents which belonged to the crown , and so far insulted the constitution as to withhold the document , which he had partially quoted , from parliament . He should shortly bring forward a motion on this subject , in order that the house might be convinced how it stood in this respect , and where the boundaries of the crown were limited . suggested an amendment ,