most contemptuous and unmerited , while on the other , patient forbearing , and earnest supplication were alone manifested , the unhappy nabob was compelled to yield to the Company a portion of territory of the alledged annual income of one crore and 35 lacks of rupees , or 1,620,000l . in perpetual sovereignty , and to deprive himself even of all efficient government over the remainder . This forced cession was finally settled by the treaty , as it is called , signed at Lucknow in 1802 . `` I do not wish , '' said the noble lord , `` to detain the house , but I must offer a few observations on these proceedings : 1 . The house will observe , that by the treaty of 1790 , the Company were bound to maintain , at all times , in Oude , a certain number of troops ; and , in case of necessity , to supply a larger number for its defence : That the constant stationary number was to be paid for by a fixed subsidy , and the increase by a proportionate increase of payment . Now it will appear evident , I think , that there could be no right to pour into Oude , and to burthen the nabob with an increased number , unless a real , bonâ fide , danger existed . Any such danger was so far from existing at the time when lord W. poured his forces into the country , that an attack of a pretended Golaum Hadier was made the pretext for the introduction of troops ; and was persevered in even after his defeat and death had removed the possibility ( probability there never was ) of any danger arising from his arms . And , indeed , lord W. 's justification of this increase of troops in Oude is sufficient to prove the injustice of it . `` It is impossible , says he , `` to defend the country , ( which I am bound to do , ) without maintaining , at all times in it , a force sufficient to resist remote and contingent danger . '' A more preposterous doctrine was surely never maintained . And 999 let us see how he himself afterwards acted upon it . By the territorial cession he obtained revenues sufficient to provide pay for troops kept up to the number so required ; did he then keep them up to that extent ? No ; not only did he never send that number represented by him as absolutely necessary for the defence of Oude ; but on one occasion , when the nabob expressed a wish that , at least in return for the sacrifices he was about to make , he might have the security of such a defence , lord W. not only resists this demand as an injurious suspicion of the means of the Company , but enters into a long argument to prove that he had no right to expect such protection . 2 . The house will observe that , by the treaty of 1798 , the East India Company were only entitled to demand security for the future regular payment of the subsidy , when already fallen into arrear . The territorial cession was demanded as such security , but no arrears having been incurred , the demand was , by the terms of the treaty , premature and unjust . 3 . It must be observed , that the demand of territorial cession , to the extent of one crore and 35 lacks , or 1,620,000l . was calculated on the concurrence of various Contingencies ; the necessity of the presence of troops to quell the disturbances supposed likely to arise from the bad police of the ceded provinces ; and to resist the invasion of Zemaun Shah ; but demands were at the same time urged , which precluded altogether the necessity of these payments ; in the first place by the treaty of 1802 , the company reserved to themselves the right of superintending the police of the nabob 's remaining territories ; and