an extraordinary claim the peculiar situation of sir Rd . Strachan should have had upon their attention ; and yet during the period that that squadron was suffering so much , ships were daily sailing from Portsmouth and Plymouth with fair winds . He was , therefore , at present , totally at a loss to conjecture how ministers could satisfactorily account for such unpardonable negligence ; for if there was a situation more distressing in the service than another , of severer duty and more incessant fatigue , for a set of 881 brave men to Le placed in , it was that of a blockade ; and accordingly , it had been hitherto the uniform practice of all former boards of admiralty to pay to all blockading squadrons the strictest and most active attention ; to anticipate their wants , and not to abandon them to the chance of casual relief , while tossing in the bay of Biscay . The blockade service was a service of patient suffering to brave men , who could not have the hopes of honourable victory to animate their zeal ; it was the barren discharge of a fatiguing duty ; but how was that hardship aggravated by such cruel neglect as he had too much reason to fear had occurred in the present instance ? Who could say of what this neglect might not have deprived the country ? When the want of provisions had driven sir R. Strachan from his blockade , he was cruizing in Basque roads , at three miles distance from the enemy 's squadron , and if he had not been sadly destitute of provisions he would have pursued them ; and what the result would have been it needed no extraordinary spirit of prophecy to divine . —He did not think there could be a more important ground for parliamentary investigation ; an officer of high professional character had been obliged to abandon a most important service and in consequence , the very effect , which it was the sole object of that service to prevent , had occurred ; the enemy had taken advantage of the opportunity afforded them , and had escaped . There was no obstruction , no difficulty in the way of provisioning the squadron appointed to watch them , and the house and the country were vet to be satisfied why the lords commissioners had not done their duty . He , for his part , was at a loss to conceive upon what ground such neglect would be attempted to be justified . For the satisfaction of the house , the fullest information was desirable . He did not rest upon mere assertion , nor did he ask that house to be guided in their decision upon the question by any other evidence than that which would appear in the documents he should now move for ; and he was satisfied that , unless he had laboured under gross mistake , he should be able from those papers to make out a case sufficiently strong to justify him in the part he had felt it his duty to take . In the resolutions he should have the honour of moving , it would appear that his object was to comprehend every information that could be thought necessary to a right understanding of the present question . If he was 882 wrong in his statement , the documents he called for would correct him ; if he was right , parliament would insist upon inquiry . He could not readily anticipate a single objection to the production of these . papers ; they would make no improper disclosure , reveal no secret information , betray no private confidence , endanger no foreign communications ; and yet , he was sorry to state , that he had learned that a part only of the papers he asked for would be granted . The list of the ships under the command of sir R.Strachan , ascertaining the time for which each was victualled , would be granted . There was no objection either to the weekly accounts ; but the letters from