Rajah of Tanjore ? You have made what you call a treaty with him ; by which you have taken all his dominions from him , and pensioned him off ! What has been your conduct to the Nizam ? When you parcelled out Tippoo 's dominions , you in your bounty , gave him a part ; you have taken them from him by a similar agreement , which you call a treaty , under the pretence of a commutation for subsidy : —and if lord Cornwallis had not returned to India , you were on the eve of introducing the same reform into his military establishments , as you did in Oude ; so indeed you would have done with the Peishwa , but for the interference of that respected nobleman . How have we conducted ourselves to the nabob of Arcot ? We have made a treaty with him too ! —Ah ! sir , such a treaty , attended with such circumstances , as it will be my painful duty to state to the house hereafter ; suffice it now to say , he retains not a vestige of power . With this cursory view of our situation in India , is there any man bold enough to view it without apprehension ? But , sir , though last , not least , in the contemplation of every benevolent and feeling mind , has the condition of the natives been improved ? Has any system of police been introduced ; any plan even proposed for the amelioration of the condition of the lower orders ( those for whom , as the right hon . bart . states , British laws were peculiarly calculated ) ? Has the industrous ryot been protected in the enjoyment of the fruits of his industry , against the extortion of the zemindar ? —No , sir ; we hear of reform , but the people have experienced none ; their condition in the space of four years , and upwards , has been not one Whit mended ; and this we have from the authority of Mr. Strachey , who , was a judge in one of the ceded provinces . He tells you , that up to the year 1805 , this detestable police ( as the right hon . bart represents it ) remained in the same state ; not one step had been taken by the British government to improve the police in the ceded provinces . This gentleman was judge at Midnapore , the very spot to 1108 which the Mahrattas marched , in their way to Bengal , in 1780 ; and we have evidence from him of the state of his province . He says , that continued disturbances arose , in consequence of the substitution of our military for the forces of the country , in the collection of the revenues ; and he was actually obliged , in order to preserve the peace of the country , to dismiss the military , and restore the police to the zemindar ; and by that means the people were satisfied , and the province tranquil.—What too does Mr. Riley , the judge of Etawa , say ? Does he furnish you with the glowing portrait of the peace end happiness of British rule in India , so feelingly contrasted by the right hon . bart . with the anarchy and misery of the native governments ? Where is the magic wand , which was , at the instant , to convert licentiousness into subordination , and , in the name of British justice , to substitute civilization and good order , for barbarism and revolt ? From him we learn , that a general and perpetual dissatisfaction existed during the whole of that period he resided as judge in the province ; that there were nothing butt insurrections and revolts ; that the zemindars and nobles were in a constant state of revolt ; that when a French officer ( M. Suffrien ) entered the province , with a handful of troops , they actually joined him . Indeed , sir , it is impossible