majesty 's ministers , he had no hesitation in pronouncing to be wholly untenable . A nation was certainly entitled to seize upon any instrument of hostile attack which was in the hands of a weak neutral , and which was likely to fall into the hands of a powerful enemy , and to be used by him for the purposes of further aggression . And , this being incontrovertibly a general principle , perfectly consonant to the law of nations , he contended , that there never were circumstances which more loudly called for its application , than those in which this country stood in relation to France and Denmark , when we took possession of the Danish fleet . But , having gone thus far in justifying the measure , he argued that the same reasons which rendered it necessary and proper that we should take possession of the fleet for a time , did not make it either necessary or proper that 1287 we should retain possession of it in perpetuity . Were the temper and views of Buonaparte to change , were his ambition to subside into a policy more consonant with the peace and happiness of mankind , and were a treaty of peace to be concluded similar to that of Westphalia , he thought , that it would be incumbent on this country to shew to Europe and the world , that its councils were not influenced by a selfish policy ; but that having provided for its own security when that security was in danger , it was equally ready to respect the rights of other nations , and to make every reparation for a strong measure which was forced upon it by an imperious and overruling necessity . On these grounds , he should vote for the Address which had been moved by his noble friend . expressed an opinion that the seizure of the Danish fleet could only be justified by an urgent necessity , and that , had no other measures of hostility taken place between this country and Denmark , that act on our part ought to have been limited by the necessity that gave rise to it . It ought to be remembered , however , that it was in the power of Denmark , at one time , to have secured the restitution of the fleet , but that she did not chuse to accept the proposition . that had been made to her with this view . As matters now stood , the fleet had come into our possession by conquest , and it appeared to him , that publishing a declaration avowing our intention of giving it up , without any knowledge whatever of the future state of Europe , would be a step dictated neither by policy nor justice . The address was also , to say the least of it , the more unnecessary , as it was not known what intentions his majesty 's ministers might have without the interference of the house of commons . said , that if the weakness of Denmark had been the only reason why we should have had recourse to the seizure of the Danish fleet , in order to prevent its falling into the hands of France , a declaration of this kind would be very proper . But that was by no means the case , for there was proof of a hostile disposition on the part of Denmark ever since the French revolution , He denied that any new principles of morality had been maintained on that side . It had only been said , that circumstances might alter the mode of acting upon the old and real principles . Government might , per- 1288 haps , be disposed , in the event of a change taking place , which would fully restore the neutrality of Denmark , to give up these ships ; but they ought not to be bound by a resolution of the house ; such a resolution would only be giving an advantage to Buonaparte in any negotiation that might take place . supported the Address , not that