to conferences managed on the one part by himself , and on the other part by the governor and deputy governor . The substance of these conversations could not be stated . said the negotiation had proceeded partly by means of letters , and partly by means of conferences managed on the part of the bank by the governor and deputy governor , the substance of which was reduced into a connected form , and submitted by the governor and deputy governor to the court of proprietors , then the whole was made the subject of an ultimate letter . He supposed the information contained in this letter would be sufficient , as it contained in a substantial and connected form , the essence of all that passed verbally in conference and in notes , referring to those conferences.—The papers were then ordered ; of which the following are copies Mr. Ponsonby rose to make the motion of 253 which he had given notice to the house . The object he had in view was , principally , to ascertain how fir his majesty 's ministers had been justified in advising his majesty to employ his naval and military forces in the Expedition against Copenhagen . That this was a subject which peculiarly demanded the enquiry of the house , he was fully authorized to state on the Declaration issued by his majesty himself , in the first clause of which , his majesty declares that he owes to himself and to Europe a frank exposition of the motives which hart dictated his conduct with regard to Denmark . It was scarcely necessary for him to say , that in speaking of the . Declaration by his majesty and of the speech from the prone , he meant to direct his observations solely against his majesty 's ministers ; and he must also be understood in speaking of the 'subject to which he was about to call the attention of the house , to refer to his majesty 's ministers , and not to his majesty himself , to whose native rectitude and honour , he was convinced that the transaction was as opposite , as it had been disgraceful to the projectors of it , and disadvantageous to the country . In order to consider the subject maturely , it would be necessary to enquire ; first , what the disposition of Denmark had been ; next , what the conduct of Russia had been ; and , lastly , what means France possessed of executing any project hostile to this country in the Baltic . It would be idle to enquire into the disposition of France , with respect to this country , for it was well known that the ruler of that nation was Well disposed to unite all the force that he could against . Great Britain . But , to justify his majesty 's ministers for the steps that they had taken , it was necessary to ascertain , not the disposition of France , but the means which France possessed , of manifesting that disposition in a manner dangerous to this country . In drawing up the Resolutions on which be should found his motion for an Address to his majesty , requesting the communication of such papers , as , in his opinion , would elucidate die , subject , he had gone pretty far back . In his majesty 's Declaration of the 25th of Sept. 1807 ( p. 115 ) , an allusion was made to an apology stated to have been received from Denmark at the close of a former war , for having entered into a ho stile confederacy against Great Britain ; which apology `` was founded on the avowed inability of Denmark to resist the operation of external influ- 254 ence , and the threats of a formidable neighbouring power . '' He had therefore framed a Resolution for the purpose of procuring the substance or copies of any communication received from the court of Denmark towards the close of the last war , containing the apology above alluded to . He was desirous to propose this