a line of conduct , he insisted , would be much more creditable , than pursuing the barren and unproductive honour of merely preserving its own consistency . thought it an erroneous ground of argument to suppose , that the alterations now made would conciliate the lords . There was no good reason to think that would be the case . He gave full credit to the motives which had induced the hon . gent . to make the alterations now before the house ; but he could not help thinking these alterations an abandonment of the principle the house had so frequently asserted , without any one thinking of limiting it in point of duration . If he could be sure the bill , as amended , would pass , he would not press his sentiments . But he looked in vain for any thing like such an assurance . He had a respect for the lords , but he was bound more to respect the feelings of the people ; and the lords were as much bound to do so as he . Both houses had the same means of judging of the feelings and sentiments of the people . He had asked his majesty 's mi- 1342 nisters , who might be supposed capable of judging , whether the measure would have the support of all his majesty 's ministers ? But he could get no satisfactory answer , as the bill , though above a year under discussion , had never been a subject of cabinet consideration . A greater number of lords had , on a former occasion , strongly opposed the limitation in time , than opposed the principle of the bill . How , then , could it be expected , that what they so lately rejected with increased asperity , would now be acceptable to them . Some of their lordships had declared they would not sanction such a measure for a day . The house of commons had the rights of the people to maintain , and it was their duty to adhere to those rights . It was certainly an evil , if any branch of the legislature was brought into disrepute . But , what if this unworthy conduct was pursued with respect to the very highest branch , by a dark junto hid behind the throne . Such practices had been known in the worst times of our history ; but the junto had never till now , come forth and arrayed itself against his majesty 's ministers . He had been told this language had been used to his majesty 's ministers : `` They know who made thorn ministers , and the same power might unmake them . '' Indeed , the conduct of his majesty 's ministers towards their sovereign had been highly criminal . It was not his charge to defend the executive power . But , he was sorry to say , his majesty 's name was now in circumstances in which no good man would wish to see it placed . The right hon . gentlemen opposite had , indeed , commenced their administration on the same principle . The constitutional principle was , that the king should have the credit of every thing good and gracious , and the ministers all the blame of what might be of a different character . But the right hon . gentlemen opposite acted very differently , and introduced and allowed the use of the sovereign 's name , coupled with conduct the most ungracious . He adverted to the address presented by the sheriffs of the city of London , which was complimented by his majesty as an example worthy of general imitation . But , next day , the same sheriffs presented petitions to both houses in favour of this bill , which was thought so dangerous and disloyal as wholly to undermine the prerogative . How was this inconsistency to be accounted for ? Probably a whisper had been given to one of the leading aldermen . This 1343 mode of proceeding was not honourable . But , upon what occasion had