was still professed to be the rule , and not the adoption of a principle perfectly new : it was open to the complaint of America , and would have been considered by the late ministers with candour and justice . But dates , my lords , become now more decisively material . This Order of Council bore date the 7th of Jan. 1806 , and my noble friend 's letter to our minister in America , transmitting this very Order , and directing him to communicate it to America , was written only the day after its date , being the 8th of Jan. Now let us see whether the noble earl , when he transmitted the Order to America , could possibly suppose that we were proceeding upon a new principle of retaliation in consequence of 947 the Decree of France , independently of its execution or the acquiescence of America . After recommending the Note to your minister 's particular attention , he says , You will state to the American government that his majesty relies with confidence on their good sense and firmness in resisting pretensions which , if suffered to take effect , must prove so destructive to the commerce of all neutral nations . ' Is it possible to collect from this that he thought the execution of the Decree and the acquiescence of America immaterial ? Nay , even in the following sentence , so much commented upon , in which the noble earl states he had learned that the Decree had in some instances been carried into execution by the privateers of France , it is quite manifest , by the conclusion of the very same sentence , that our retaliation could only be justified by the submission of America , because it concludes as follows : It can not indeed be expected that the king should suffer the commerce of his enemies to be carried on through neutrals whilst they submit to the prohibition which France has decreed against the commerce of his majesty 's subjects . ' The submission , therefore , following a supposed execution , is the avowed principle upon which a retaliation on America was alone anticipated : could any thing indeed be more absurd than a contrary construction of this letter , when my noble friend had been himself a party to all the other papers , the terms of which are so perfectly unequivocal ? Is the mind of my noble friend , the subject of so much just panegyric , to be taken , on a sudden , to be incapable of collecting or retaining its ideas even for a week together upon a subject so important ? —If these different papers would even bear two constructions , which I contend they can not , would it not still be fit to adopt that construction which would render them consistent with each other ? On the debate respecting the Isle of Man , I admitted the argument of my noble and learned friend on the woolsack to be unanswerable , when he argued , that where the language of any man , much more of a magistrate , will admit of two constructions , that construction ought in fairness to be adopted , and was constantly adopted in all courts of justice , which went to reconcile the parts together , and to reconcile them with the duty of the writer , rather than to involve him , on the other hand , in absurdity and injustice.—But it has been said , that Mr. Maddison complained of the Or- 948 der of the 7th of Jan. as inconsistent with the law of nations . My lords , that complaint is the most serious part of the whole transaction . The letter of your minister in America , which transmitted it to England , bears date , at Washington , the 30th of March , 1807 : of course it never reached the late ministers , to whom it was addressed , but came to the hands of their successors . In such a case , my lords , common candour and justice , independently