military government ; he was always anxious to procure from the resident such a plan—nay , he himself had led to it by divers reforms and retrenchments ; this you have had from major Ouseley , at the bar of this house , who , after describing him as a 'sensible , acute , and well read man , ' as an excellent scholar , ' and ' a great ornament of society ; ' and a man of considerable talents for business , tells you , that he corrected a great many abuses in all parts of his establishment ; so that we find it was not a mere profession , but a fixed and steady determination 1100 in the nabob , to introduce every practicable reform into his dominions.—But did the noble marquis wish for a reform ? did he propose any thing resembling it ? will it be pretended that the proposition to disband his whole army , and to pay for any additional and unlimited number of troops you might chuse to introduce , was a proposition of reform of his army ? and did you make any other ? No , you never intended to do so : it was ad part of your real plan , it was a pitiful and contemptible pretence . Your object from the first was , what you effected at last , the dismemberment of the nabob 's territories , and the subjugation to your power of what you suffered him to retain Can any man doubt this , who has at attentively read the papers before you ? is there one man in the house that seriously doubts this intention ? If he does , let him read the first letter written by lord Wellesley to Mr. Lumsden , the resident Lucknow , after his arival in 1798 , and before he had been six months in India . After complimenting the talents , integrity , and diligence of Mr. Lumsden , ( whom however , he thought necessary afterwards to supersede ) he writes thus : 'there are two or three leading considerations in the state of Oude , to which I wish to direct your particular notice , intending at an early period to enter fully into the arrangement in which they toast terminate . Whenever the death of Almas shall happen , an opportunity will offer of securing the benefits of lord Teignmouth 's treaty , by . provisions which seem necessary for the purpose of realising the subsidy under all contingencies . The company ought to succeed to the power of Almas . ' Here we find an open undisguised avowal of an intention to violate at a given time the treaty of Luchnow , to reduce it 's stipulations to mere waste paper , by a seizure of its most valuable and fertile provinces , to secure against all contingencies the payment of a subsidy , for which there was an express stipulation and provision in the treaty itself . No , sir , reform was only a paltry and despicable pretext ; your plan was settled , and your means were adequate . You marched in a large body of troops , not to reform the nabob 's military establishment , but to make your power irresistible , and his resources exhausted.—You demanded the disbanding his army ; you knew the consequences would at the least be the diminution of his revenues ; you compelled him to pay their arrears ; he did so ; you 1101 then required payment of the troops you had Marched in . After some ineffectual remonstrances , he complied with your requisitions ; but this would not satisfy you ; he had found the means of frustrating your iniquitous project ; till his coffers were exhausted , you had not the means of executing your plans ; ingenuity , therefore , must be stretched to find other pretexts of extortion . A long dormant claim , one that was never in the contemplation of lord Teignmouth , for the expences incurred by the company at the period of Zemaun Shah 's approach , was then advanced