who have signed them . In this view , they demand our peculiar attention . For however strong our party divisions may be , however contentions our debates , I think that no one will presume to say , that any party influence has been used for the purpose of procuring them . At former times , it is well known that the whole weight of persons of consideration in the country , has been exerted to induce particular counties , districts , or towns , to come forward to express their opinions , either with regard to wars that might be then depending , or upon any other subject of political importance . Such has not been the case at present . Here give me leave to observe , that such petitions have at different times produced the most beneficial effects . What put an end to the American war , but the 803 petitions of the people ? What produced those petitions , but the ruinous consequences of that war , which was at its commencement , and during a great part of its progress , a popular war ? It was not till the stagnation of commerce , which at length took place as one of its deplorable effects , that the people were roused to a sense of their situation ; when roused , their efforts produced the peace of 1783 , which no one will now say was not a blessing to the country . But the petitions in those instances were excited and supported by sir George Saville , and other men of high character and eminence in their day : these now before you are the unsolicited expressions of the feelings of the people . Observe their character , their tone , and their temper . They relate the distresses of the petitioners without exaggeration , they propose , most respectfully , their wish that an attempt may be made to put an end to the war , by the continuance of which they declare that their ruin will be produced ; but at the same time they manfully assert , that if the demands of the enemy should be found unreasonable , or inconsistent with the honour of the country , they will perish rather than submit . Their moderation calls for our applause , their sufferings must excite our attention , and in their final resolution we must be all prepared to join.—Many gentlemen have delivered their sentiments in this house upon the propriety and policy of these petitions . I am afraid the majority of opinions is against them ; and certainly whatever influence has been exerted , has been adverse to their adoption . But such attempts have been , and must be in their nature vain . I also think them unconstitutional and impolitic.—I am glad to see the petitions upon the table of the house . First , because I know that when people feel acutely , they will express their feelings , and that if driven from what is their ordinary course , they must resort to a channel which would be neither so desirable nor so constitutional . Secondly , because I believe that the present ministers are extremely unwilling to negociate , and I am desirous in the actual circumstances of the country , that they should be forced to make an experiment , which ( I repeat ) has never yet been tried . It is absurd to suppose that the petitions can give encouragement to the enemy . He must be acquainted with the state of the country , and if he were not , the very attempt to put down petitions , would prove to him 804 two things : —first , that the distress actually exists , and , secondly , that you are afraid of its being known . By the very attempt to conceal you reveal the fact . Therefore , sir , I trust that these petitions will multiply , and that they will adhere to the some temperate , firm , and respectful language which has hitherto been used . If I were to devise a