They had uniformly submitted to every aggression on the part of France , while they never gave up any point to England . When almost all the other powers of Europe had confederated against France , Denmark uniformly resisted every attempt that had been made to induce her to take 656 a part in the confederacy . When an armed neutrality was formed against this country in the North of Europe , Denmark was almost the first to take a part in it . And upon the late occasion , when we called upon her to give up the fleet as a deposit in our hands , did she not obstinately resist every overture that might lead to an accommodation ? What other inference could be drawn from all this , but that Denmark was secretly favouring the views , and would not resist any demand made by France to get possession of her fleet . Under all these circumstances , the seizure of that fleet was not only justifiable , but ministers would have acted with the most criminal negligence , had they not sent an armament to seize that fleet . But as to any idea of restoring this fleet , how could it be done with persons who were in a state of open hostility with us ? Was it fit to propose such a measure , at a time when the emperor of Russia was arming his fleets against us , and when the Danes themselves were leagued with France ? To offer such a thing now , would be holding out beforehand those terms of accommodation , which ought only to form the subject of future negociation . did not think that ministers had made out a case to justify the steps they had taken . They no doubt flattered themselves that John Bull , looking no farther than the capture of 16 ships of the line , would think it a glorious achievement . But they were mistaken , and would find that the people of this country were not to be so easily deluded . He condemned the expedition in toto , and heartily concurred in the motion . begged leave to call their lordships ' attention to the true state of the question . It had been stated by the noble visc . who brought forward the motion , that the measure of the Expedition to Copenhagen was out of the question ; but still he had couched his motion in such a manner , as to make it neither more nor less than a direct condemnation of his majesty 's ministers for their conduct with regard to that expedition . He desired the paper , or summons to surrender , No . 3 , to be read , [ p . 223 . ] which was read accordingly , and purported , that if the terms then offered were not agreed to , the conditions stipulated with respect to the fleet must cease . His lordship said , that after hearing that , he would put it to the house whether the whole argument as to the ships being taken as a deposit , and 657 not as a capture , was not entirely at an end . With respect to the argument of the fowling-piece , used by the noble and learned lord , he thought it made directly against the motion ; for the person whom his lordship stated to have the fowling-piece , attempted to defend it against his intended protector , and said , that rather than surrender it he would join with the person who attacked him ; so , in like manner , the neutral who put himself under the protection of the enemy , became liable to seizure . The question of to night , he said , came at the very worst period it possibly could come . It was called on at a time when it was acknowledged , that even a restoration of peace would not do away the hatred of the Danes : at a moment when it was evident the emperor of Russia was anxious to revive the old