their business half finished ? Again , they pleaded necessity as an apology . If necessity here meant any thing at all , it was a strict necessity which never had been proved : and if by necessity was intended to be denominated only a higher sort of expediency , the same plea might be urged in excuse of any expedition , however rash , however cruel , however brutal ; for who was to draw the line between what really came under this description , and what did not ? A noble marquis had talked in high terms of the fortitude of the nation , and of the importance of its shewing itself firm and determined in the present crisis ; but where was the fortitude of the government when it could be frightened into an act equally incompatible with its honour and interests by the existence of sixteen miserable , paltry ships in the port of a neutral power ? The nation had long been distinguished by its fortitude and magnanimity in the midst of danger , and in those qualities it was no more deficient now than at any former period , but it was not by such a pitiful resource as that which had been resorted to in the present instance , that this spirit was to be kept alive . If we had any thing to fear from Denmark , was it enough to have warded off the danger for one year ? he said for one year , for had we not left them in possession of their docks , in which they might soon build other ships , and had they not the same number of seamen they ever had , with which to man them ? He solemnly assured their lordships of his firm conviction , that the present measure had brought us nearer to ruin than any , of which any administration , however marked either by temerity or improvidence , had ever been guilty , because it had disaffected every power in Europe to our cause . Its effects were soon visible in the disposition of the Court of Russia , and in the minds of the Danish people it had planted the seeds of irreconcilable enmity . He concluded with conjuring the house to vindicate its own character and that of the country , from the reproach that had been cast upon it . The silence of the nation , he assured their lordships , did not proceed from apathy ; they looked to parliament for their justification , and if parliament suffered the business to pass without investigation , it would give rise to serious and general discontent . was well pleased that ministers had not rested their defence upon private information , lest they might , when goaded in debate , or taunted by sarcasm , be tempted to imitate a precedent which was more honoured in the breach than in the observance . He had listened with great attention to the speech of the noble lord , on the other side ( lord Hutchinson ) , for whose talents no person entertained a higher respect than he did , but did not feel his opinion in the least degree altered . However it might gratify the curiosity of the public to have great potentates introduced into these discussions , and private conversations with such eminent personages detailed , he would appeal to their lordships , whether such a course was wise ? What difficulties might it not impose upon future negociators , with whom foreign princes would not be inclined to communicate , lest their conversations should be similarly made public ? This was likely to be felt in any future negotiation , for we were not to be for ever at war with all the world . As to the expedition to Copenhagen , that was fully justifiable , because he could shew , that from the commencement of the last war , the Danes had been hostilely disposed towards this country . They had encouraged and allowed privateers and enemies vessels to carry their prizes into Bergen , in Norway , and to sell