who does not complain of this . But , sir , this mode of defence has another effect , and I fear one of equal value in the estimation of those who employ it , and has become habitual like air instinct . It keeps up the profligate cry , that all public men are alike ; all are interested rogues . It tends to degrade the house of commons , and the men distinguished in the country by their fortunes , education and public spirit . Here , Sir , daily appears that favourite object of all administrations , but of two very short ones . In this policy the ministers for more than 40 years have been always steady , always persevering , however fluctuating and trusting for public measures to the expedients of the day . In this policy , for more than 30 years , always , I fear , too successful , unfortunate as they have been in losing the objects of all their wars , and all their negotiations . Sir , I have followed the ministers through their defences ; and though I can not praise their discretion , or compliment them on their success , I see something to approve in their taste and dexterity . One likes to see gentlemen profit by their reading . It is an established rule in criticism , . that the stile of a composition should be suited to the subject , that when the latter is great , and a high import , the former should be elevated 1199 and dignified , but When the matter is mean and poor , The manner of treating it should be humble and low . Sir , they have well suited their-justification to their case , for the case is not more atrocious than the justification is shabby , prevaricating , and inconsistent . It varies like a hill of sand in . the wind ; but , sir , it is needless to stay to enquire whether these inconsistent , contradictory , belligerent pleas are five , or six , or more or less ; enough is clear , that they rely on none who venture on so many ; that thinking many defences better than one , they set up such as are contradictory . Like the well known story , they attempt to prove two alibis lest one should fail . They seem to think that many sophisms are equal to one good argument , or that arguments should be suited like patterns of dress to different tastes and different purposes . One reason to critical , inquiring , uninfluenced Europe , another to a credulous , confiding , docile majority.—Indeed , their justifications ( like Quixote 's balsam , that would only cure the wounds of him that had been dubbed a knight , ) are of no value but in the estimation of their own right and lawful adherents , and will not go down unless taken in a mixture sweetened by a little gratitude for past favours , or a little expectation of future ones . It has been said by an ancient writer that the augurs in Rome could not meet to inspect the entrails , or feed the sacred chickens , without smiling at each other , and I am much surprized that his majesty 's ministers , with such a defence as theirs , can turn round and look their Majority in the face without laughing . Indeed they should use their friends with more respect , and should at least appear to believe their own justification before they ask of others to do so . 'Si vis me flere dolendum est primum ipsi tibi ' is a rule as good for eloquence in parliament as for poetry in the theatre . In thus examining the trivial , discordant , contradictory , and unsatisfactory pleas of Ministers , can see but little , except their variety , to recommend them . They are so unsound that being exposed to the air they crumble into dust.—This , sir , is the wretched figure which their case makes when stript to