; the insult was immediately succeeded by the retreat of the Danish army ; and this circumstance produced a remonstrance , on the part of the British government , against the conduct of the Danish government , in neglecting to vindicate its neutrality . The mention of this circumstance led him to contradict a misrepresentation which had been charged against the British government , namely , that the Danish army had been stationed in Holstein at its desire , in order that its designs against Copenhagen might be more easily accomplished . This statement was so wholly unfounded , that it was not till the retreat of the Danish army , before a handful of French troops , that the British government had made a representation , complaining , that that was not the way for Denmark to enforce its neutrality . The conduct of France to Sweden was very different . When the French division , 271 commanded by general Murat , entered Lubeck , 2000 Swedish troops were made prisoners , after the storming of the town , and the general who commanded them was not only treated with every distinction due to his rank and character , but sent back with a message to the king of Sweden from the French general , the brother in law of Buonaparte , inviting him to make common cause with France , intimating that it would be for his advantage to do so , and hinting that it was unnatural for Denmark to possess Norway , which ought to be annexed to Sweden . This had been the conduct of France towards Sweden , at a period contemporary with the assertion of the Danish neutrality ; and when afterwards a negotiation was entered into at Hamburgh , for the release of the Swedish prisoners , the same communication was made to the Swedish chargé affaires there . What was the conduct of the king of Sweden upon this occasion ? He sent immediately to acquaint the Crown Prince with the offer that had been made to him , and proffered the assistance of 20,000 Swedish troops for the defence of Denmark an assistance which the British government also had strongly recommended to the acceptance of the government of Denmark . This offer , thus recommended on our part , had been rejected by the Danish government , which , in communicating the terms of the offer , concealed entirely the proposal of France respecting Norway . Could the right hon . gent . then contend , that after such conduct , we had a right to rely on the frank and full declaration of Denmark ? Shortly . after , Hamburgh was evacuated by the French , but re-occupied on the 19th Nov. only two days before the famous Decree of the 21st Nov . This Decree was communicated to the Danish government , and no remonstrance was made against it , yet , when the mitigated measure of retaliation was afterwards resorted to by the British government , then the rage of the Danish government was excited , and a determination to resist its execution declared . It was due , however , in justice to the noble lord who preceded him in office , ( lord Howick ) to state , that this determination had been manfully met ; which led to its abandonment . He did not mean to insist on this as conclusive , though it amounted to a strong presumption , that , whether from predilection or necessity , the Danish government had no power of election between England and 272 France ; there was no choice , no discussion ; no reasoning upon the subject . The magistrates of Hamburgh had remonstrated against the Decree of the 21st of Nov. and sent a deputation to wait upon Buonaparte with it . In the conference which the deputies had with Buonaparte , they represented to him the ruin of commerce that would be the consequence of pursuing his wild plan of restrictions , to which his answer was , `` that he would annihilate all commerce ; for , is commerce and England were identified