in the manner in Which he was sure the house must , from every principle of reason and Consistency , deal with it , to propose a resolution , stating `` That this house , considering the Declarations laid before them by his majesty 's command ; the state to which the continent was reduced in consequence of the negotiations and peace of Tilsit ; the avowed declaration of the French government to exclude the British flag from every port in Europe ; and to combine all the powers of the continent in a general confederacy against the maritime rights and political existence of Great Britain ; most highly approve the prompt and vigorous measures which were adopted by his majesty 's ministers , for the purpose of removing out of the reach of his Majesty 's enemies the fleet and naval resources of Denmark . '' highly approved of the expedition to Copenhagen . He expected to have found some novelty in the arguments advanced to bring the house to decide against the merits of the measure , after it had so often sanctioned it with its unlimited approbation . But when he reviewed the whole speech of the hon . gent . on the other side , he found nothing in it but old friends with new faces . thought that ministers had no ground , of justification for their attack on Copenhagen . If they really meant to counteract the projects of Buonaparte , they should have co-operated with Denmark in resisting his forces , instead of having committed a most violent act of aggression . Our conduct on that occasion , he considered to be the greatest triumph gained by the enemy during the present contest , because it was a proceeding which justified all his oppressions and other measures of rigour , violence , and plunder . How degraded must Great Britain have appeared after the perpetration of such atrocity ! We who had shed our blood , and expended our treasure , in support of the laws of nations and of justice , had , after a struggle of many years , debased ourselves by a violation of every principle which had raised Our Character in the eyes of the world , and held us up as the guardians of the rights of nations . It was fortunate , however , that the people could still maintain their weight , and that we might be able to rescue the country from the dishonourable condition in which it had been placed by ministers . In the hope of accomplishing this desirable ob- 1217 ject , he felt himself called on to support the original motion . hoped the house would indulge him while he stated a few facts , on the ground of which he felt himself bound to dissent from the Resolution and to support the Amendment which it was proposed to introduce upon it . He had listened to all the arguments advanced to support the resolution , and there was not one among them which gave him reason to doubt , that if the expedition to Copenhagen had never taken place , we should now have been equally at war with Denmark as we are . It was the known and avowed determination of the French government to force all the continental powers to take a part in the war , and Denmark , it was notoriously known , wanted strength and resolution to resist the appeal . He had no doubt that Denmark would have preferred neutrality , if left to her option : but when the alternative of chusing between Great Britain and France would have been put to her , he had as little doubt that her inclination and her fears would have led her to prefer France . The house would recollect , from the correspondence of lord Howick with Mr. Rist and Mr. Garlike that when the court of Denmark was most loud in complaint of the Order in Council of the 7th of January , which was in strict conformity with the law of nations , it was , at the same time , taking all