outset , was attended with much mischief in the result . He deprecated proceedings which would involve the country in a quarrel with the only remaining neutral . He ridiculed the idea of those who abused the Order of the 7th Jan. as imbecile , and who now quoted it as authority of force in this question , and who , in like manner , censured as ruinous invasions of the navigation act , the provisions of the act of last sessions , for allowing the Americans to import the necessaries of life into our West India colonies . He trusted the house would pause , before it gave its sanction to a measure of such effect , and so little founded in right and law . contended that the Orders in Council were founded on a principle 683 of forbearance towards America , and not likely to injure their commercial interests in any degree , as much as the adoption of the rule of the war in 1756 . The statement contained in the answer of lord Howick to Mr. Rist , that the government of this country would not cease to act upon the order of the 7th of Jan. until neutrals should procure the revocation of the French Decree , but ill accorded with the sentiments expressed by the noble lord opposite ( lord H. Petty ) . Whatever relaxation of the rigour of its decree the French government might have found it covenient to adopt at home , it was most rigidly enforced in all the French colonies . It was not till after the peace of Tilsit that France found herself in a condition to execute that Decree generally over the continental countries subjected to her controul . While she was excluding our produce from all parts of the continent , was this country to submit without throwing any impediment in the way of her supply of her colonial produce ? If the rule of 1756 were to be applied to America , it would deprive her of full one half of her exports . Could the noble lord contend that it was not an advantage to America that we had not declared the enemies colonies in a state of blockade ? The Americans would have no right to complain of the duties proposed to be laid on , because they were only the carriers , and the duty would , of course , fall upon the consumers . As to the effect that might be produced upon the commerce of this country by the state of the continent , he admitted that its exports might for a time be checked , but that could not last long , because no pressure could keep down the vast extent of territory under prohibition , in such a manner , that the interests of individuals would not induce them to procure such articles as might be necessary for them . As to the question relative to our relations with America , he could assure the house that he and his colleagues were extremely anxious to avert the interruption of peace and amity with that country . If the calamity of war should unhappily take place , whenever the conduct of his majesty 's ministers should be brought under consideration , it would be seen , that no effort had been spared in order to prevent it . If war should be the consequence , it would appear , that no concession or submission could have prevented it . The arguments of the noble lord came with a bad grace from those who had 684 held the language contained in lord Howick 's answer to Mr. Rist ; rather should they now maintain the principles which they then professed , at a time , too , when the dangers of the country were not so imminent as at present . The consequence of a war would be the loss to America of her whole export trade , whilst only one-fourth of our exports would be endangered by that event . Our means of shutting American produce in her ports , in consequence of our vast marine , were