a time of profound peace . They had heard much of the alarm of invasion by Zemaun Shaw , and of the danger arising from Buonaparte being in Egypt . But he had marquis Wellesley 's own authority for saying , that the danger of invasion had passed away at the time of the treaty by the destruction of Zemaun Shaw . Here the hon . director proceeded to read an extract from a letter of lord Wellesley to the secret committee of the court of directors . This document proved that the danger 1036 from Zemaun Shaw had passed away at the time the treaty was negociated , and he contended that before the troops had been marched some communication ought to have been made to the nabob . The demand of the reform of his troops the nabob seemed never to have understood , but as applying to their improvement , and not to the reduction of them , and therefore , some explanation ought to have been given to him of what was required of him . On the whole , he could not see that the occasion called for the interference . The assumption of the territory in the Carnatic , which had been done under an imperious necessity , did not apply ; and as to the deposition of Vizier Ally , that event had originated in his own violence ; and the circumstance of his being spurious , and not of the blood of Rajah Sujah al Doulah . The hon . gent . denied that the transactions in Oude had ever received the sanction of the court of directors at the period stated by the hon . baronet , and for a good reason , because they had not been acquainted with them , and when they were informed respecting them , they had taken the course that the occasion called for . It was not till the 24th of June 1802 , that the treaty had been communicated to the council of Calcutta , six months after the transaction had taken place , and a great part of the impropriety of the case arose from the circumstance of the noble marquis having taken upon himself to violate the treaty of 1798 , and to take one half of the province of Oude from its sovereign . It might be asked what was now to be done ? He would not take upon him to say , but he thought that substantial justice ought to be done in some manner . The character of this country was its dearest possession , and he was convinced that that character would be compromised , if the house should not , with a view to national honour and national justice , express its disapprobation of this transaction . in explanation , denied that he had thrown out any aspersion on the administration of lord Teignmouth , although he thought it a government more of mildness than of vigour . declined entering into any detailed examination of the Papers on the table , but vindicated lord Wellesley 's conduct from the great feature of his administration . With respect to the Resolutions of the noble lord , they kept short a moving an impeachment ; but lord W. was not much obliged to him for that , 1037 because , if the stigma affixed upon his conduct was just , the house could not , consistently with its own honour , and that of the country , forbear prosecuting him before a higher tribunal . Our connection with Oude , he maintained , originated in absolute conquest , and all that the nabob or his family possessed they owed to British munificence . In the treaty of 1798 , it was stipulated , that if there were more than 13,000 men in the country of the nabob of Oude , he was to be charged with the support of them ; and if there were less than 8,000 , there was to be a proportionate deduction in the subsidy , and there was also in the treaty an established right of general interference in the government .