to certain persons , stated , that this had been the practice for the last 14 or 15 years . He had never heard that it had been abused , and he trusted the present government might receive equal credit with their predecessors , for not entertaining any intention to act with favour or partiality , in granting this privilege where it might seem to be required . His lordship did not intend at present to enter into the merits of the Orders in Council , though he must protest against the interpretation put by the noble lord who spoke last , on what had fallen from his noble friends , as if they had given up the present bill as a measure of warfare . They had not done so . It was well known , that there was a deficiency of cotton in France , and , at the same time , that one of the most increasing trades in that country was the cotton manufacture . An opportunity , however , of canvassing this subject would occur , when the noble lord opposite ( Grenville ) brought forward his promised motion ; at which time he should be at no difficulty to shew , that there were more mercantile men in this country who approved than there were who disapproved of the Orders of Council . concurred in the arguments against the bill . begged to be understood , as objecting in the most pointed manner to the noble lord 's ( Hawkesbury ) bringing forward any secret information of which he might suppose himself to be possessed , 1350 as indicative of the opinion of the mercantile interests of this country , on the subject of the Orders in Council . If he wished to meet the evidence which had been adduced at the bar of the house , and to refute the gentlemen there examined , who regarded the Orders in Council as destructive of our commerce and manufactures , why did he not bring forward his witnesses to contradict them ? Why did he not bring forward merchants of London and Liverpool , to say that their trade was equally or more flourishing than it was previous to the passing of these orders ? or manufacturers of Manchester to say , that their orders were equally numerous and great as they had formerly been ; and persons in the shipping interest to declare that their carrying trade was undiminished ? So far from having done this , was it not a fact , that the evidence before the house went to shew a complete failure in all these branches of trade , in consequence of these Orders in Council ? His lordship therefore hoped , that in arguing this subject , the noble lord on the other side would not allude to any private testimony in favour of these Orders in Council , which he himself might possess ; but which , unlike gentlemen in the other house of parliament , he had declined laying before the house . As to the idea that the measure would have the effect of incommoding France by preventing the requisite supply of cotton , this his lordship considered as altogether absurd . There were various tracts of country in which cotton could be grown , and did actually grow at this , moment , of which it was impossible for this country , by any act it might pass , to deprive Buonaparte . In the Levant , considerable quantities of cotton were grown , particularly in Italy and Sicily , over which the ruler of France now had , or in all probability would soon have , the complete dominion . In fact , it was quite in the power of France , from the territory it now commanded , to procure cotton in whatever quantity it chose . If this country wished to preserve its Often manufacture , and to command a constant and sufficient supply of the raw material , the plan was , to give a free and unlimited power of import and export . The advantages our harbours held out to the