opposition ; and on their disposition to panegyrize the talents of foreign generals , while they overlooked the merit of their own countrymen . These gentlemen were , in his apprehension , pursuing a dreadful course ; which , although perhaps their only object was to turn out ministers , would tend to turn out the country [ a laugh . ] The hon . officer bore testimony to the respectability of Mr. Rathbone , the delegate from Liverpool , but-he did not like his sectarian principles . observed , that his gallant friend seemed to allude to some remarks of his on a former evening , relative to the talents of foreign officer ; but however 893 transcendant those talents were , or however much was to be apprehended from them to any part of the empire , he had the consolation to think , there was one place which defied their attack ; that at least Berwick was safe . [ A laugh , general Tarleton being now governor of Berwick . ] The hon . member argued forcibly in favour of the motion . observed , that every proviso of the bill against which the petition was levelled containing the imposition of a duty , it was completely a money bill , and therefore the motion could not at all be acceded to , consistently with the usage of the house . said , that his object was to rescue the petition from the representation made of it by the hon . member who had just sat down , and to shew it was a petition against the bill by its title , and therefore not within the meaning of the established usage of the house . The title of the bill was , ' a Bill more effectually to carry into execution certain Orders in Council . ' He contended , therefore , that there was no ground of usage that could preclude the merchants of Liverpool from being heard upon so important a question . The Hawkers and Pedlars bill had not been divided , but referred to a committee of the whole house , in which the petitioners were heard by their counsel against the bill , the counsel having been warned to confine themselves to the matter of the regulations , and not to meddle with the part of the bill granting duties . Were the merchants of Liverpool not to be allowed that privilege which had been granted to chapmen , hawkers , and pedlars ? Was the house to have its doors hermetically sealed against the petitions of the people ? He trusted , however , that they would not suffer themselves to be led away from their duty by his majesty 's ministers , but decide that they would hear the petitioners then at the bar , on a question of such vital importance to the trade and prosperity of the empire . contended , that the usage which precluded the reception of the petition , had never been departed from . The Hawkers and Pedlars bill , had been rather of regulation and police than of duties , and therefore was not analogous to the present case . If the house were to throw open its doors in the present instance , they would never be able to close them ; for whatever might be the nature of a tax hereafter to be proposed , their table 894 would be covered with petitions against it , on the authority of this precedent . to a point of order . He said that it had been declared from the other side of the house in the course of the debate , that the authority of the Chair had decided against the claims of the petitioners to be heard in this instance , and that authority had been quoted , and made the ground of arguments in the discussion . Now , the point of order to which he rose was , that as he had not heard any such opinion stated from the Chair , he wished to know whether the question had been so decided upon from the Chair