boxing match , but certainly nothing that a British fleet could take pride in . Although he considered that what they did was next to nothing , he would still give them credit for doing more than the noble lord had stated them to have done . The noble lord , in magnifying the difficulties which our troops had to encounter , stated the number of the Danes to be 35,000 , and to have been collected from the different islands . As to their numbers , he did not suppose any human being besides his lordship could credit that statement ; but as to their being collected from the different islands , he must , in justice to the fleet , deny that assertion . As to the operations of the army , he did not suppose that they had any opportunity of signalizing themselves by any military exploit . There was no man respected more than he did the character of sir Arthur Wellesley , and he did not know any general to whom the country might look in future with greater hope ; but he was convinced , that gallant general must have been as much surprized as admiral . Gambier was , when he found himself made a peer , to hear that this affair in the island of Zealand was magnified into a great victory . Sir Arthur Wellesley was a general who had often been in real battles , and was well acquainted with victory , and , therefore , he must have been surprized at finding this victory so celebrated . The real truth was , that there was little or no fighting in the case . The corps that opposed sir Arthur Wellesley was a very inferior force , consisting principally of undisciplined and unarmed people , who took to their heels as soon as they were attacked . He believed that all the regular troops in the island did not exceed 2,700 men ; and as to what the noble lord called the regimented militia , he believed there was nothing like a regular organized militia in the island ; but that what was called the militia , consisted merely of the inhabitants capable of bearing arms , who , although undisciplined , were in some manner attached to the different regiments . He believed that the organization of what the noble lord called the regimented militia of Zealand , differed but very little from what was formerly known in London , by the description of the Lumber Troop . If there had been such an armed force in Zealand as had been stated by the noble lord , could 181 it be believed that it would have been possible to effect a landing without opposition , within a few miles of Copenhagen ? He should contend , that in all the operations previous to the surrender , there was not a single opportunity afforded to any one officer or distinguishing himself in any remarkable manner . There had been nothing to call fighting in the field ; there had been no encounters with the garrison ; there had been no attacks of the works of the fortress ; but whatever was done , was done exclusively by the artillery , assisted by the marines , in bombarding the city . As to the precedents brought forward by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , he did not think they had much bearing on the case . The thanks to admiral Cornwallis was for having , with a very inferior torte , saved the fleet under his command by the skilfulness of his manœuvres , and the courage he displayed . This was clearly a service entitled to thanks ; but if his fleet had been so vastly superior as not to have given him an opportunity of displaying that professional skill , there would have been no grounds for the vote . In one part of the noble lord 's speech , he described the force sent to Copenhagen as so decidedly superior as to be absolutely irresistible , although in another part he conjured up a