French emperor wished to force into this general confederacy ? —The next point was , the practicability of accomplishing his object . In considering this , it was necessary to consider the situation of France , after the battle of Friedland and the treaty of Tilsit . All the great continental nations then lay prostrate at the feet of France . She had conquered , separately , Austria , Prussia , and Russia , and there was nothing existing on the continent to which Denmark could look for the slightest support . This was a situation of things which never before existed on the continent . When Austria was in its greatest prosperity , when Lewis XIV . was in the full tide of his success , still there were strong powers left in Europe to which a weaker nation might look for support ; but after the treaty of Tilsit there was nothing of that sort . This was a situation of things which the most eminent men who wrote in former times upon the law of nations , never did , nor ever could have taken into their contemplation . As to the power of Denmark to resist the attempts of France , it was evident that an attack upon Zealand was not necessary , in order to induce her to join with France , especially when that power was in good understanding with Russia . The Crown Prince himself confessed , that in 1801 , Denmark had no alternative but to yield to the demands of Russia ; how , then , could it be supposed that she would now be able to oppose not only Russia , but France ? It had been argued , that even if the French armies had occupied Holstein and Jutland , they could not have crossed the Belt , or invaded Zealand . To this he must answer , that he had the highest military authorities for supposing that the invasion of Zealand from Holstein was very practicable . His majesty 's ministers had put it specifically to several military as well as naval authorities , whether , if the French were determined on the invasion of Zealand , they could find small craft enough in Holstein to convey a sufficient number of troops ; or whether , if they were to divide their army into four or five divisions of 5 or 6000 men each , one of those bodies at least might not cross the Belt , and effect a lodgment in that island ? The answer was , that they could get craft , and probably cross the Belt in the manner mentioned . At the late siege of Copen- 373 hagen , government employed an admiral as high in professional character as any man in the service ( admiral Keats ) ; and yet with all his activity and skill , he could not prevent a considerable number of Danish troops from actually coming over from Holstein . The Belt being but 16 miles wide in the broadest place , and much narrower in others , it became very difficult for the squadron to remain there in safety in the long dark nights . A noble baron had , on a former night , stated the passage of the Belt as equally difficult with that of the passage from France to England ; but besides that it was considerably narrower , there was another most material circumstance , which the noble lord appeared to have entirely lost sight of . He had forgot to compare the resources of England with those of Zealand . For his part , he had never heard a doubt among naval men , that if the object of France was merely to push over a body of 10 , 15 , or 20,000 men into this country , it might be done ; but when the question was of landing such a body of men as would be capable of making a serious impression upon this country , then it was very seriously doubted , whether from tides or other circumstances , it would be possible to land such a body