attribute to him any other motive for the line of conduct he has adopted on this occasion , than the conviction that he entertains of the injustice and impropriety of infringing on the prerogative ; a consequence which lie , in my opinion , has so delusively attached to this measure . But , is there a man who hears me who is not fully convinced that the salary of the reversionary office which he holds , has , by the operation of unexpected and recent causes , totally changed its original extent , and advanced in profit far beyond any estimate that ever was entertained either by the person who granted or him who received the office originally ? If I am not much misinformed , that place has advanced in income , from comparatively a very trifling amount , to the enormous sum of 20,000l . per annum . Can the noble and learned lord still complain of the want of proofs , in order to establish the expediency of this prohibition ? or can the house believe that this is a solitary case , or one not sufficiently strong to induce your lordships to interpose a legislative correction against the continuance of such a dangerous system ? Every inquiry that is made will more fully prove the variety of similar cases which exist , and in what a powerful manner they operate as impediments to the necessary and expected reform of the public offices , and consequently to the alleviation of the public pressure.—We next proceed to the objection arising from the infringement this measure is supposed to make on the prerogative of the crown . To the constitutional prerogative of the executive authority I profess my- 1050 self a sincere friend , and therefore it is that I anxiously call upon the house to put an end to a system , above all others calculated to strip the crown of those rights which are so necessary to its honour and security . Let me ask , in what manner this bill operates against that prerogative ? Is not the crown the fountain of honour ? Has it not the sole power of the appointment to great offices ? What else , then , does this bill effect , but to reduce those places and offices to the standard by which at their original formation they were regulated ? What change does it introduce , what inroad does it make , but in lopping off those enormous profits , which never were in the contemplation of the grant , even when serious and active services were to be performed ? But , says the noble and learned lord , I can not reconcile myself to support the principle of this measure , because in its operation , or in being made the precedent for succeeding innovations , it might possibly or probably be attended with most mischievous and dangerous consequences . Really , my lords , it is impossible to answer this argument , but by others which have heretofore on many occasions been introduced into discussion . It , indeed , such an objection was to succeed , if the spirit of improvement was to evaporate from the influence of possible dangers and probable apprehensions , if errors were not to be corrected or evils remedied from an overweening dread of innovation , then this country would have to lament the want of all those great and glorious privileges and securities which constitute , so deservedly , our national boast and our most essential safeguard . For what was Magna Charta but an innovation ? What else was the Right of Petition ? What else the Revolution , that glorious epoch , when this country obtained a recognition of its liberties ? Indeed , I would ask the venerable bench of bishops , whom , on this occasion particularly , I see in such formidable numbers arrayed against me , whether , if this dislike to innovation , this hostility to improvement , had existed some centuries past , this country would have participated in the enlightened wisdom and numerous benefits of the Reformation ; or