? was frequently mistaken ; it was often not done by the ostensible instrument , but by the silent agent , which by previous misconduct had exposed the sufferer to such an unfortunate situation . Were not such principles fairly referable to every part of this extraordinary case ? If he had accurately stated the relative rights of communities as founded on the laws of nature , the government of Great Britain had only put in exercise that law of self-preservation that needed no learned and intricate disquisitions to justify . What signified reasoning on abstract rights , it might be said , when the general voice of Europe proclaimed the criminality of our conduct ? But , was the tongue of Europe free as to the great principles of public law , affecting the interests of Great Britain , especially on subjects connected with our maritime claims ? Could their lordships point out any place on the map of Europe where any one dared to breathe a sentiment adverse to the ruler of France ? What flag was free ? What ship navigated the ocean but under his orders ? What commerce was there in Europe , but under his appointment and controul ? What soldier , what lawyer , what churchman , what layman , dared to utter an opinion inimical to him ? Was not the subjugation , not only of the continent , but of the body and mind of every individual on its surface complete ? It reminded him of the condition of humiliated Greece , when the arms of Philip of Macedon were triumphant , and the Delphic Apollo was said , by a distinguished orator 350 of that time , to speak only in the Macedonian dialect . Every where throughout Europe the oracular decisions by which she was governed were French , and to them obedience was paid , due only to divine authority . From these considerations , he hoped that the conduct of his majesty 's ministers would be respected and approved ; that no proceeding in parliament would tend to sully the glory of this most distinguished achievement ; and that nothing would lead the world to suppose that the councils of the nation suspected the purity and honour of this great and saving measure . It would be a source of gratification to the enemy , if he saw that the senate of the land joined in the condemnation he had so hastily determined . This was the severest blow he had felt since he had commenced his reign ; on one occasion at least , fortune had not attended his chariot wheels , and in the prosecution of his most favourite project he had been humbled and disappointed . The noble marquis repeated his conviction that his majesty 's ministers had , in the case before the house , rendered a great and essential service to the country ; and feeling as he did upon the occasion , he must decide against the propositions of the noble duke . My lords ; I have listened with the greatest attention to the very able and eloquent speech of the noble marquis , but have been unable to extract from it any justification satisfactory to my mind of the expedition to Copenhagen . According to my opinion , the noble marquis has completely failed in proving that Zealand could not have been effectually defended , even if the French were in possession of Holstein and Jutland . I am of opinion , that , even supposing the French to have been in possession of Holstein and Jutland , still Zealand might have been defended with effect against the French arms . My lords , it was my lot to be employed on a very important mission , and I think it the more necessary to say a few words respecting that mission in consequence of partial extracts from my letters having been communicated in another place , by which I have been held out as giving opinions which were never delivered by me . The Russian army in Poland never amounted to more than 70,000 men , with the