made manifest by the grateful acknowledgments of the legislature . ' But who could say that the present was a case in which every heart exulted ? This was not a case similar to that in which British troops had conquered the conquerors of the world ; where those who had assumed the title of invincible were met without any advantage of numbers , man to man , and yielded to the superiority of British prowess . That , indeed , was a triumph on which every British bosom exulted ; that was a triumph worth fifty navies of Denmark . But this was not the feeling on which his majesty 's ministers acted , any more than those self-erected tribunals , formed probably at first upon good intentions , but threatening to become in the end a most serious mischief to the country , —who while they think but little of Battles of Maida , the sources only of national glory , know no bounds to their exultation on any measures which promise to open a source of commercial speculation ; who set themselves up , not merely as the rivals , but as the opponents , of the king 's tribunals ; who acquit where those condemn ; who cry up to the skies those whom the others have pronounced to be offenders ; who set at nought the rules by which his majesty means his service to be governed ; who teach an officer to say , 'no matter what my profession thinks or what the king 's courts decide , I have other resources to trust to , I have other cards in hand ; 'King loses , Knave wins ; ' If I am a culprit at Portsmouth , I may still be what is much better , a hero at Lloyds . ' The noble lord was , no doubt , thoroughly satisfied of 172 the general exultation of the country , at the success of the expedition ; but the pain he afterwards expressed himself to have felt arrested his assertion , and did more justice to his disposition and principles . If pain was to make part of the sensations excited , the joy could not be very complete . It was rot in fact , nor ought to be , that unmixed effusion which we witness in the country on any of those occasions which really and truly and as it were by acclamation , call forth the thanks of this house , but that sort of sober , chastised , subdued joy , if joy was to be felt at all , which a father would feel on hearing that his son 's life was safe , but saved by an operation which was to leave him a sufferer and a cripple all the rest of his days . It was not in this state of mind , nor for successes of this description , that a nation indulged in public rejoicings , or poured forth its acknowledgments to those by whom these successes had been obtained , however meritorious , individually , their conduct might have been . National thanks implied national rejoicing ; and national rejoicing did not belong to the present occasion . It was on this principle that he heard with pain and disgust the firing of the Park and Tower guns , on the day when the news arrived . It was a call for exultation on an occasion , where sorrow for the necessity of using force , and sympathy for the sufferings brought upon the Danes , was in the mouths of his majesty 's ministers , and in the hearts of the British people . It was not merely a want of propriety that was to be complained of in such an injudicious demonstration , but want of policy , as we might yet have to suffer a severe penalty from the wrath of an exasperated people . However strikingly meritorious , therefore , the conduct of the army and navy might have been , they must have been content , on this as on so many other occasions , to remain