ports and another , a neutral vessel trading , as was generally the case , with part of her cargo to one of these ports , and part to another , or taking in part of a cargo at one port , and intending to take the remainder at another , was liable to capture in thus going from port to port , or at least to be brought into one of our ports , and subjected to great delay and expence ; and in most instances of this nature , which had come before the Board of Trade , it had been found expedient . not to break in upon the general principle adopted in that Order , and therefore not to grant licences for any voyages of that description . The Order was besides evaded , and turned to the advantage of the enemy in carrying on a circuitous trade through this country , as in the instance of a cargo of wine from Bourdeaux destined through this country for Amsterdam , the insurance was effected at 30 per cent . and the trade could be carried on through this country at 5 per cent . To prevent this , one measure might be adopted , which was to prevent the re-exportation ; but great injury would result to commerce ( he did not allude particularly to wine ) if the merchant was not allowed to re-export on finding the market overstocked . It was therefore found expedient to regulate that trade which could not be prohibited , and with this view the Orders in Council were issued , which were , in fact , a compromise between belligerent rights and commercial interests . In the exercise of belligerent rights for the purpose of embarrassing the commerce of the enemy , and making him feel the effects of his own acts of violence , every possible attention had , at the 471 same time , been paid to the commercial interests of the country . The noble lord had expressed some surprise at the trade with the enemy 's colonies which was granted to the Americans ; but it was , in fact , intended as a boon to the Americans , and must be to them of great value ; because , when the intelligence arrived in America of the intention of the French government rigorously to execute the decree , and the embargo was in consequence resorted to , the general impression there was , that we should resort to measures by way of retaliation , which would amount to a prohibition of their trade with these colonies . It was intended that all American domestic produce should be allowed to pass through this country , without the payment of any duty , except the article of cotton . The importance of this trade to them would be evident from a statement of their exports , which according to the last return amounted to 104,000,000 dollars , 43,000,000 of which was domestic produce , and of which 8,000,000 was exported to the enemy 's colonies , from whence they derived a re-export of 30,000,000 . It was found that the surplus of the produce of our own colonies beyond our consumption , was not above a third of what was wanted for the supply of the continent , it was therefore thought expedient to admit of the trade with the enemy 's colonies , with the intention , however , that the produce of such colonies , should , in the circuitous trade through this country , be subjected to a duty , sufficiently high , to prevent its having the advantages over our own colonial produce ; and also , that the commerce of the enemy should be embarrassed . With respect to the warning , that was in conformity with the rules of blockade , and was merely applied in a more enlarged sense . As to the certificates of origin , they were documents prescribed by the French government , to shew that the property they covered was not of the manufacture or produce of G. Britain ; they were therefore belligerent instruments