defend the province of Oude , according to the exigency of the nabob 's affairs , and so far as might be consistent with their own security . In this case , of the English company 's forces being employed in his highness 's service , the extraordinary ex-pence of the same was to be defrayed by him . In like manner , if the company should be attacked , his highness shall assist them with a part or the whole of his forces ; but the company are not to pay for forces.—Here then was an obvious distinction in the relative situation of the two states : —The company , as sovereigns , were to protect the dependent state of Oude , and they are to be paid for it . The nabob , as a protected ally , should defend 1125 the company 's territories and be paid nothing at all.— Was it possible , after such a clause as this , to imagine that the nabob-vizier treated with the company as an equal , independent power ? — The fourth article states , `` The king Shah 'Aulum shall remain in full possession of Corah , and such part of the province of Allahabad as he now possesses , which are ceded to his majesty as a royal demesne , for the support of his dignity and expences . ' This article does not express by whom this cession is made ; but the treaty with the nabob-vizier in 1773 , clears up this point . It states , 'Whereas in the treaty concluded at Allahabad in the year 1765 ( Aug. 16 ) between the company and the vizier , it is expressed that the districts of Corah and Allahabad were given to his majesty for his expenses ; and whereas his majesty hath forfeited his right to the said districts , which have reverted to the company , from whom he received them . ' This was an express recognition of the sovereignty of the company by the vizier himself : and those provinces , which the vizier acknowledged to have reverted to the company in their capacity of sovereigns , were re-granted out to himself under certain stipulated conditions ; namely , 'He shall pay to the 'company 50,00,000 sicca rupees . '—The next treaty was one upon which Mr. Lushington particularly desired to fix the attention of the house . It is dated in 1768 ; and the object of it was , to limit the number of the nabob 's troops , of every description , to 35,000 men . This was done in consequence of suspicions entertained of the treachery of his councils : and it was particularly to be remarked , that this number of troop was deemed by lord Clive sufficient for the defence of Oude at a time when the company had no troops of their own in that province.—Of this description were the treaties with the nabob of Oude down to the year 1781 ; and correspondent with these treaties was the practice of the British governments—exercising a real controul over his highness , protecting his country from foreign invasion , receiving his subsidy , reducing the number of his military when any suspicions were entertained of his fidelity , and in defending the jaghireders of the empire from his violence . Such were alone the acts of sovereignty exercised by the Mogul in the fulness of his power ; to these the company succeeded by the defeat of his majesty , and the right to exercise them was solemnly 1126 confirmed by treaties with the vizier.— The letter of lord Cornwallis , dated 13th April , 1787 , was the next document for the consideration of the house . In this letter , which afterwards assumed the force of a settled agreement , lord Cornwallis superseded that article of the treaty of 1781 , which the vizier had introduced for the purpose of removing the British troops from Futty Ghur , because those forces were , in lord Cornwallis 's judgment , requisite for the defence of Oude . On this occasion lord Cornwallis remarked ,