fair , forbearing , just , and mode- rate . It had been always used as a great argument in that house , to induce the people to support their difficulties with firmness , that however unjust and oppressive the acts of France had been , England had evinced an opposite disposition , and had been as remarkable for her good faith as France had been for her treachery . The maintenance of such a character for honour , dignity , and fidelity , must , in a long 51 contest , be the surest pledge of success . If , therefore , the right hon . gent . opposite did not mean to produce any papers , to throw a light on the inducements for the Copenhagen expedition , it was impossible for him to concur in that part of the address which pledged him to an approbation of it . He agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , that the expedition might be defensible ; he would not say that his majesty 's ministers were in error . They might be justifiable . The facts were unknown to him , and , therefore , he could not be expected to offer an opinion on them ; but should the right hon . gent . opposite persist in withholding any information on the subject , he pledged himself to move for such papers as would bring the discussion fairly before the house . There were two points which demanded attention ; the first was the right , the second was the policy of the measure ; on both these points the house was at present without the materials of judging , and the most objectionable part of the address appeared to him to be that the house was pledged to approve of the measure without having these materials before it , —There was another topic in the speech , respecting a new state of hostility , in which we had been lately involved with the courts of Petersburgh , Vienna , and Berlin , on which it was almost impossible to decide till the papers containing the correspondence were laid before the house . He should only now observe , that nothing to him appeared more surprising than the circumstance of England being at war with Austria . That that power , which had uniformly been our prop and support , our partner in misfortune , and our friend on all occasions , should have been influenced to sacrifice its ancient attachment , and to break the numerous ties by which she was united to us , really seemed to him almost incredible—this was something which he could not understand . But , if Austria had been compelled in her fallen state to acquiesce in the demands of France , he hoped that on the part of this country every degree of forbearance would be exercised towards her . In regard to her , surely no conduct could be too moderate , no language too conciliatory . To France ministers might use as harsh language as they thought fit . She had been liberal in her abuse of us , and those who judged it proper might retaliate . But a difference should be made between France and those powers who had been induced 52 to take up arms against us , not from choice , but necessity ; and it was besides suitable to the noble and generous feelings of the English nation to employ at all times language as healing and conciliatory as possible.—Another topic of the speech on which he had one observation to make , was contained in that paragraph which related to the king of Sweden , and where his majesty is made to express a hope that the house will feel with him the sacredness of the duty which the firmness and fidelity of that monarch had imposed upon him , and that it would concur in enabling his majesty to discharge it in a manner worthy of this country . If engagements had been contracted with the king of Sweden , lie had no doubt of the readiness of the