. From these however , particularly the last , his lordship was inclined to form a directly opposite opinion . They might be induced to reflect what had been the effect of that confederacy . An attack on their capital , and the loss of a considerable part of their fleet . He could not believe that , with this in their recollection , they would be very ready to join in any such confederacy , A noble friend of his , in the course of the debate , had complained of the mu- 378 tilation of his dispatches , and had stated , that if given entire , the effect would have been different . The noble lord would admit the writers of dispatches to be judges at least of their own meaning . His lordship and the other noble lord alluded to were in that house able to speak for themselves , and to vindicate their characters against the improper liberties so taken with them . But , what was the fate of a foreign minister in this situation , left to have his conduct and character misrepresented , and judged of through an improper medium , both at home , and in the countries where his mission lay ? For Mr. Garlicke , he could say , that he was a most meritorious and deserving gentleman , and had conducted himself with great credit at Copenhagen , where he left a most respectable character behind him . Though he did ample justice to the mission on which he was employed , he had also done justice to the Crown Prince , and so far from representing him as under the dominion of France , he had uniformly described him as of a disposition and spirit to resist every idea of compulsion , and every attempt to induce him to deviate from his neutrality . This was the character of all Mr. Garlicke 's dispatches , so long as he had any opportunity of knowing their contents , and he challenged the noble lord to produce his ( earl Grey 's ) dispatches , if he should presume to insinuate that they breathed any different language . He did in one of his letters figure a possible case , and give directions accordingly , but in the very next sentence he expressed his conviction that such directions were unnecessary . He was particularly anxious that his conduct and character should be fully examined in this and in every other part of his official duty , and for this purpose should be happy to see every dispatch which he had written on the subject laid before the house . It would have been wrong in this country not to have been prepared for what might happen ; but in the present measures there had been nothing but vain surmise and conjecture , nothing of that grave necessity which could justify so monstrous a step.—It had been said on a former night that some secret article in the Treaty of Tilsit , which had come to the knowledge of his majesty , had occasioned the attack on Copenhagen ; and , what was still more solemn , such was the reason assigned by his majesty , both in the Declaration as to the conduct of Russia , and in the Speech on the opening 379 of parliament . The noble lord , however , had passed over this to-night in somewhat of a shuffling manner . The Treaty of Tilsit was signed on the 7th of July , and the order against Copenhagen , it appeared , was given on the 19th of July , so that it was morally and physically impossibly that the sacred Declaration put into the mouth of his majesty could be true . And was not that a ground for enquiry ? Was that not a case in which the honour of the house was concerned , and in which their duty called on them to interfere , and set matters to rights ? It was said ministers had information from Portugal of the demand for giving up the navy of that country into the