neither to lend its aid to the confederacy against Great Britain , nor to abandon British persons and property to the possession of the French , entitled it to the confidence of his majesty 's government , and justified that government in pursuing a different line of conduct from that adopted in the case of Denmark . Adverting to the Russian Declaration , the hon . gent . contended , that a character very foreign from that of Russia marked the composition , not only in the sort of arguments adduced , but in the peculiarities of the style , which , if not French manufacture , was the most happy imitation of it that he had ever seen . Had the Russian manifesto appeared without a title , no one could have hesitated to ascribe it to the same pen as that by which the defence of it in the Moniteur had been produced.—The relative situation of this country and America might afford ample room for remark , but the subject was of such a delicate nature that he should abstain from enlarging upon it at present . The magnanimity of his majesty in offering reparation for injury , was most praise worthy . He trusted that the Americans would sec that it was not their true policy to unite themselves to France . The exception made in their favour in the British Orders of Council would , he hoped , be felt by them ; an exception , of the propriety of which he somewhat doubted , disposed as he was to bestow on those orders his general and decided approbation . The project of excluding us from the continent was now trying ; the trial would require on our part great constancy , great exertions , and great sacrifices . Of the result , there could be no apprehension . They had enjoyed the 47 satisfaction of hearing from the throne of the stability of the resources , and the flourishing state of the commerce of the country . In the moral character of our government and of our people , in the wisdom and energy of the one , in the bravery and unanimity of the other , we possessed complete assurance of success in the Contest in which we were engaged . If he dwelt more on the necessity of war , than on the more popular topic of the possibility of peace , it was not because he estimated too lightly the blessings of peace , but because he dreaded the effects of a hasty and premature one . We had ample means of carrying on war . In our navy we had not only the most efficient defence , but a greater power of active hostility than perhaps we were yet ourselves aware of . By exerting our naval force in every possible direction , we might show the enemy that a predominant navy gives a power scarcely inferior to that of a conquering army ; we might controul the haughty mind of the ruler of France , and inspire him with that respect for this country , which alone would insure permanent tranquillity . did not rise to oppose the address , but to express his regret that when Russia offered her good offices as a mediator , his majesty 's ministers had not thought fit to accept them . He could not be suspected of any disposition at this moment to encourage a division of opinion on the subject of peace or war , after recent occurrences of considerable publicity , in which he had taken a decided part . To the opinion which he then expressed , he still adhered . He conceived it much better to repress any clamour on the subject until it should be ascertained what steps had been taken by his majesty 's ministers for the restoration of peace . At the same time , when he heard flourishing descriptions of the state of the country and of its commerce , he could not avoid remarking , that had the persons who made those assertions attended more to the subject , they would have abstained from