charge . Here the right hon . secretary read an extract from the Instructions given by the late Board of Admiralty to earl St. Vincent , when dispatched to Lisbon . The Instructions directed the noble admiral 's attention to three objects ; 1st , if the Portuguese government should , by itself ; or in conjunction with Spain , be disposed to defend the country against the French , to promise all the assistance that C. Britain could afford , and the presence of a respectable naval force in the Tagus would contribute to that object ; 2dly , if that should not be the deter initiation of the court , and the government should embrace the resolution of emigrating to the Brazils , as it had once proposed during the late war , to offer them the assistance of a British naval force , under he protection of which alone that determination could be carried into effect ; and . lastly , if there should not be vigour enough in the government , to adapt either of these resolutions , he was to prevent , if possible , the port of Lisbon from falling into the hands of the French , and at all events the Portuguese navy was to be secured ; every vessel of which that was serviceable , was to be . brought off ; together with the ships , goods , and persons of the British factory at Lisbon , and also the coda , if it should be so disposed : for the execution of these Instructions , the troops were then embarking were to be sent to him with all convenient expedition , but he was not to give any intimation of the circumstance to the Portuguese government , nor to hold any language that might excite the suspicion of the French minister , or lead to any measures of precaution ; and , as it might he necessary to employ the troops immediately on their arrival in order to secure a strong position , he was to have the marines and boats of the fleet constantly in readiness for that service . These Instructions were clear in their tenor , precise in their object , and conclusive as to the question then under consideration . If any gentleman wished for the document it 285 would be laid on the table , and the only shyness that had been felt in producing it before was , that it would place him and his colleagues in the situation of convicted plagiarists . [ Hear ! hear ! ] These were the Instructions that had been given by morality itself , and the only difference between them and the instructions that had been given by the present government was , that the latter did not desire that the army should be introduced in disguise . But there might yet be one qualification that the right han . gent . would apply to Denmark , namely , that her conduct , when she was relatively strong to weaker neutral states , did not merit such a measure against her . What had that conduct been ? When , in 1801 , the maritime confederacy held out a prospect that this country would not be able to protect its allies , Denmark treated the unprotected neutral state of Hamburgh with the most violent oppression , and for the purpose of excluding the English from that port . The same conduct had been pursued towards Ratzburg . This conduct proved that Denmark had no very strong claims for forbearance.—But , it was rather strange , that those gentlemen , who blamed government for not having accepted the mediation of Russia , should now imps to it as a ground of charge that they had not passed by Copenhagen in order to attack Cronstadt . We had the right to attack Russia , but had we no interest in forbearing to exercise that right ? There were , at the time , in the ports of Russia , 500 British ships , and 6000 British seamen , and gentlemen would perceive , ; hat these formed too important