bring in was to indemnify the persons who had any share in them . said , he rose in pursuance of notice , to move a Vote of Thanks to the Officers employed in the expedition to Copenhagen , and in doing so he thought it would be only necessary to detain their lordships for a short time . This motion , he would premise , had no relation to the policy of that attack , it merely related to the execution of the service upon which that expedition was sent ; and , were that expedition as unjust and unnecessary , as he thought it just and necessary , or as impolitic and unwise , as he thought it politic and wise , still he would contend that that would be no ground of opposition to a Vote of Thanks to those who had so ably and skilfully executed the services which that expedition required . In this case , he would put out of consideration the policy of the expedition , and confine himself to the manner in which its purpose had been carried into effect . The object of that expedition was undoubtedly of great magnitude and importance ; that object was obtained by the skill and ability of the officers employed . The circumstances attending it were shortly these : In April last a large force was ordered to be prepared for the general purposes of the war , a part of which was subsequently sent to co-operate with the troops in Swedish Pomerania . When his majesty 's government afterwards received intelligence of the circumstances attending the Treaty of Tilset , it was deemed adviseable to send a large force to Copenhagen , for the purpose of securing the Danish fleet , and preventing it from being used against this country . This force was got ready and sailed with the utmost promptitude , with a minister on board to negociate with the Danish court , and thereby prevent , if possible , the painful necessity of resorting to arms . 157 A junction was to be formed with the troops in Pomerania , the commander of which was to take the command of the whole . This necessarily took up much time , notwithstanding which , the fleet was off Copenhagen on the 8th of August . The attempts to induce the Danes peaceably to deliver up their fleet , having failed , the disembarkation of the troops commenced on the 16th . This necessarily took up some time , and was not completed till the 22nd or 23rd . It was effected without opposition , but when disembarked , our troops had to contend with between 30 and 40,000 men in arms , besides the peasantry . Even then , another attempt was made to prevent an appeal to arms , but this also having failed , approaches were made against Copenhagen . The command of the army in the field was given to an hon . friend of his , major-general sir Arthur Wellesley , who upon that occasion displayed all that energy , zeal , and ability , which so conspicuously marked his conduct upon every occasion . On the 1st of Sept. the bombardment commenced , and on the 7th a capitulation was signed ; thus , in a period of 14 or 15 days the whole object of the expedition was completed . It was under these circumstances that he called upon the house for a Vote of Thanks . He was perfectly ready to admit that so exalted an honour as the thanks of Parliament , ought not to be made too common , but ought to be reserved for great occasions . He contended , however , that if in this case the magnitude and importance of the object attained was considered , and the skill and ability displayed in the means by which it was attained , it must be deemed one of those instances which highly deserved the thanks of that house , nor did he see on what ground it could be opposed . He did not think it would be contended , that