the chief instigator to the hostile confederacy against us ! Was it possible that any person representing his majesty , and satisfied that Russia was what she was now described to be , when he was asked by the court of St. Petersburgh what was the cause of our conduct at Copenhagen , could have replied , that his majesty 's ministers possessed data which left no doubt of the intentions of the French government relative to the marine of Denmark ? Would he have duly maintained the honour of the crown , and the dignity and interests of Britain , if he had tamely said that we had such data ? He was convinced that our government had at that time no settled belief ; that Russia was engaged , or disposed to engage , to act with hostility against us . The British ambassador at the court of St. Petersburg , of whose honour and ingenuousness there could be but one opinion , would otherwise have answered to the demand of Russia , `` Why do you ask , we this question , when you yourselves have created the necessity ; when you yourselves have been the chief instigators and promoters of the project , which my government have taken these steps for the purpose of defeating ? `` —In another dispatch from this country to lord Cower , dated the 27th of September 1807 , when Russia had offered to mediate between Great Britain and France , the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) writes , that the terms on which that mediation could be accepted , were 1st , the frank communication of the articles of the Treaty of Tilsit , secret as well as avowed . Now , he thought that at that time the right hon . secretary knew them , and yet a knowledge of them from Russia was insisted upon as the sine qua non of an acceptance of her offer of mediation . Instead of grounding the objections of our government to accept the mediation of Russia , on Ale conduct of that power with regard to Denmark , the dispatch proceeds to state the anxiety of his majesty on a variety of other topics—on the movements in the mediterranean—on the surrender of Corfu—on the intentions of Russia with respect to Turkey—on the public articles of the Treaty of Tilsit , 261 which recognized the French king of Naples only as king of Naples , although that article might in effect be contradicted by a secret article , adding to that title that of the Two Sicilies . These were the considerations which the right hon . secretary urged the British minister to press , as reasons for desiring the disclosure of the Secret Articles of the Treaty of Tilsit ; but on any confederacy existing between Russia and France to force the Danes to join against Great . Britain , the dispatch was perfectly silent . How was it possible then , that the right hon . secretary , or the British ambassador , could at that time really believe that Russia was the chief instigator of the project by which France was to have been put in possession of the Danish . marine ? In another dispatch from the right hon . secretary , of the 28th Sept. ( p. 204 ) he signifies to lord Leveson Gower his majesty 's entire approbation of the answer returned by his excellency to gen. Budberg 's Note an the subject of the operations at Copenhagen ; which answer contained not the must distant allusion to Russian interference , as being a motive to those operations . The dispatch then goes on , and for the first time , Russia is mentioned by the right hon . secretary , as constituting a great part of our danger . He says , that certain enumerated circumstances `` formed such a body of evidence , not only of the designs of Bonaparte , but of the connivance , if not of the participation , of Russia , that his majesty would have been wanting alike in what he owed to his .