by court martial in point of justice ; yet nobody , thought of introducing it into the army . He hoped , if the honourable baronet withdrew the clause to bring it forward in the shape of a bill , he would atleast make out a case . found in the speech of the hon . general , arguments to induce him to persevere in bringing forward his clause , rather than to withdraw it . He had maturely weighed the clause before 1084 he introduced it . If he did not cite cases of abuse , it was not because they did not exist , but because he was unwilling to hurt any one 's feelings unless forced to it . He was surprised and astonished to hear the hon . general declare himself ignorant of such instances.—He declared his intention to withdraw his motion . rose to move an amendment , the object of which was to reduce the Mutiny bill to the state in which it was last year , and to take from his majesty 's ministers the power of enlisting men for a term longer than that which the bill had hitherto prescribed . He replied to the arguments that had been used against limited service . In the East Indies the example of the company was a sufficient inducement for its adoption . In the West Indies , a regulation of that sort was absolutely necessary to enforce the regular relief of regiments . The character of the soldier was improved by the introduction of limited service ; the greatest part of the army who conquered in Egypt , were composed of men who enlisted from the militia for a term of years . The success of his right hon . friend 's system was rendered undeniable . He reprobated the mode in which it was attempted to subvert that system . Adverting to the 16,000 men that had enlisted from the militia into the regular service , he contended that each man cost the counties , upon the average , 251. which , added to the 10l . of bounty to induce them to enter into the regular army , made an expenee of 35l per man , or all together a sum of 640,000l . and this not equally raised , but ultimately falling on the landed Property of the country . He concluded by moving , to omit the words in that clause of the bill by which the option of entering for limited or unlimited service was allowed to the recruit . restated the opinion which he expressed on a former night , that the plan of the right hon . gent . had met with no success Whatever , and that the former system from the second battalions was infinitely superior to it ; producing every advantage of his system , while it was totally free from the inconveniences of that system . entered into an examination of the nature of that system , which , he contended , it was the plan of the present administration secretly , covertly , and clandestinely , to undermine . The measure which they proposed was impotent as 1085 to good , but powerful as to mischief . With a determined , unrelenting , remorseless animosity , they endeavoured to destroy the existence of that which lived to their shame . The question was , whether parliament would give to the country that delusive strength which spirituous liquors imparted to the human frame ; or whether they would allow it to retain the natural vigour of an unexcited body ? The subject was of great importance . His majesty 's ministers had no right to call for a decision upon it under such circumstances . Was it fair to the house , was it decent to the public , to require the present parliament to reverse the measure already established , by admitting a proposition which had been twice negatived in two former parliaments , and thus making the legislature eat its own words ? To introduce this innovating attempt into a bill which from the nature of it could not be