features of the speech , I shall 11 conclude my address to your lordships , in what may be termed a trite and common manner ; but it is neither , on that account , the less appropriate nor required . I allude , my lords , to my hopes , that I may receive the unanimous concurrence of your lordships to the Address I am about to propose . Parliament was never assembled , my lords , at a period when the example of unanimity would be so beneficial : I therefore solicit it . To mark to the enemy we are unanimous in our opposition to him ; to manifest to the people of this country we are unanimous , when their first and most essential interests are concerned ; and to shew to his majesty that undiminished respect and attachment so much his due ; to do our duty , my lords , in imitation of him , who through a long , arduous , but a glorious reign , has so conspicuously done his.—The noble earl concluded by moving an Address to his Majesty , which Address was , as usual , an echo of his majesty 's speech , and nearly the same as that which we insert in this day 's proceedings of the house of commons . rose , and in a speech of some length supported the address . We have to express our regret that the tone of voice was so low in which the noble lord delivered himself , as to render it inaudible below the bar . We understood him to applaud decisively the Expedition to Denmark , as a measure of wise and vigorous policy , and one productive of the most salutary consequences ; sentiments which he thought must be felt by every individual in the kingdom . He also adverted to the unprincipled and ambitious projects of the enemy , among which he included the imminent danger of Turkey , a consideration which he seemed to think worthy of the serious attention of the British government . He thought the address , when he recollected the language held out by certain noble lords at successive periods , could not consistently meet with opposition from any quarter . He also adverted to our dispute with America , and applauded the spirit with which his majesty 's ministers had conducted themselves in not surrendering the naval rights of the country to the claims of those people ; and concluded by hoping that all trifling differences of opinion would , on this occasion , give way to the public good , and that all their lordships would be unanimous in voting for the address . felt as much as 12 any noble lord in the house the vast importance of their coming to an unanimous vote upon the present occasion , and therefore he was sorry that not the least tittle , of information had been ' given to one of the most material points in his majesty 's speech , as the want of that information might render the unanimity extremely doubtful . The point he alluded to was the expedition to Copenhagen , and he could not enforce its importance in stronger terms that those which his majesty had been advised to make use of in his speech ; for it was therein stated , that it was with the utmost reluctance that the orders had been given ; but of the nature of the cause for surmounting that reluctance , and attacking , even the capital of , he might say , an ally , their lordships were left in perfect ignorance , and to all appearance were so to remain ; for although it was noticed that orders had been given for laying various other papers before parliament , not a single document relative to Denmark was alluded to . The noble lord who moved the address had said , he should listen with curiosity to any arguments which might be attempted against that transaction ; for that noble lord he had the highest respect , and consequently could entertain no doubt but he sincerely