money drawn from them was not lavishly experded in sinecure places , and it would be a satisfaction to them to understand that those places of duty which were retained , were far from being overpaid . It was chiefly sinecure offices which were granted in reversion . It was therefore the more necessary that the granting of them should be suspended , at least for such a period as would enable the committee to make their report . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in the bill for a time to be limited . though he had no objection whatever to the motion of his hon . friend , thought it , but can did to state to him , that , in all probability 1261 he should feel it to be his duty to propose several amendments to the bill in its progress through the house . He agreed fully with the hon . gent . as to the expediency of preserving a good understanding between the two houses of parliament ; and therefore , although he allowed that these were objects of such importance , that even the risque of a breach ought to be incurred rather than they should be abandoned , yet as he had always considered the present measure as of no very great importance , and had always so expressed himself upon it , he would rather oppose its production than , admit it , were he apprehensive that such an unpleasant consequence would ensue . But it was probable the bill might be so framed as to answer all the chief objects of the persons most attached to the measure , and at the same time be exempted from opposition elsewhere . It was in that view he meant to recommend his amendments . His hon . friend had stated , and he wished it could have been stated more regularly , that an amendment to the last bill had been proposed in the committee of the house of lords , by which amendment he meant to be regulated in the construction of the present bill . Now , as that amendment had been negatived , to proceed upon it in the formation of the present bill , appeared to him to be the sure way of incurring the evil which it was so desire-able to avoid . One of the great objections also that had been made to the bill in another place , was that it destroyed a prerogative of the crown , without such a previous enquiry into a demonstration of abuse , as would warrant parliament in their interference . That objection , in its degree , must apply to the bill as it was proposed to be introduced by his hon . friend . There were two great objects which the house had in view in this measure ; the first was to obviate improvident grants , by attaching immediate instead of remote responsibility to the advisers of those grants . To remedy this , he should propose a clause , by which no grant should be considered valid until it had been publicly announced in the London Gazette . The other great object which the house had in view was , that their expectations of any reform or retrenchment resulting from the report of the Committee of Finance should not be disappointed For this purpose , it was his intention to propose that for a limited period , every reversionary grant should be subject to 1262 abolition , or any alteration that his majesty , with the advice of parliament , might think proper to make in it . These propositions would , in his opinion , meet the views of his hon . friend , and might at the same time relieve the bill from the danger which had hitherto been so fatal to it . With respect to the pensions mentioned by his hon . friend , it would be found on examination , that they were chiefly in the revenue departments , granted to persons grown old in the exercise of their official duties . He was convinced that they were