promulgation of these Orders in Council . A noble lord , however , had stated , that it was proved at the bar that such was their effect ; but this he begged leave to contradict , and in so doing he believed the house would eventually see that he was warranted by the facts as they would be hereafter disclosed . They had not a statement to that effect , but a speculative opinion of an interested merchant at their lordships ' bar . With respect to the treaty that had been referred to , he had to inform their lordships , that the reason it had not been so speedily ratified as might have been expected , was , that an alteration had been made in it ; not a trivial alteration or addition , but a most substantive and complete deviation from the principles upon which that treaty was originally agreed to : to the final execution of a document so altered , some resistance was naturally given ; but there was good reason to believe , as indeed he wished , and no doubt every noble lord who heard him wished , that America must shortly have a proper sense of its own interest ; and noble lords must see , that this was not to be obtained by a tame acquiescence in every fear or alarm with which weak or interested might endeavour to impress their lordships . replied to the arguments and assertions of noble lords on the other 1284 side . He particularly insisted , that it would appear , from the evidence which either now was , or would soon be , in the possession of each individual of that house , that the substance of our Orders in Council was known in America , before the laying on of the embargo in that country ; a fact which was also apparent from this circumstance , that a description of the enactments of these Orders in Council was given in an American ; paper some considerable time previous to the laying on of the embargo . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit to the house a motion on the subject of the Danish Fleet . He professed himself to be one of those who had approved of the expedition . against Copenhagen ; but , the frivolous manner in which that expedition had been since defended by his majesty 's ministers , had contributed considerably to shake his original opinion upon the question . When the expedition was undertaken , he thought it warranted as a measure of self-defence on our part , considering the situation of the continental powers at that time , and the probability there was of the Danish Flees being added to the other acquisition of France . He confessed , that so strong an act as this was , could only be justified by a most pressing emergency ; and , therefore , it seemed to him that we were called upon by every principle of equity as well as of policy , not to appropriate the Fleet to ourselves in perpetuity ; but to restore it , as soon as that could be lone consistently with the maintenance of our own security . He was aware , that a preposition had been made to Denmark to restore it , provided the Danish government would consent voluntarily to surrender it into our custody ; but this proposition was so degrading in its nature , that it could not be expected that the Danish government would accept of it , and he was of opinion , that that people ought not to be placed in a worse situation , than if such a proposition had never been either made by us or rejected by them . If we were to retain the pos- 1285 session of the Fleet in perpetuity , he was afraid that it might be alleged , that the proposition was made merely to obtain a pretext for following up a hard but necessary measure , by an act of injustice . His lordship concluded with moving , `` That an humble Address