when she became under the controul of France , it was not our interest to trust her . Was it not well known , two years since , that the British flag was expelled from the ports of Austria ? England had not retaliated , under a belief that Austria was under the direction of France . He stated these facts to prove , that a mistrust was properly entertained towards Austria . Ministers had determined not to enter upon negociation , unless it was upon a footing that was likely to insure a successful issue . It had been said , that the enmity of France was directed against this country , in consequence of the offers made for peace having been rejected during former administrations . He would ask , if it was fair that the present ministers should be responsible for the conduct of others with whom they had no concern ? This argument applied to the conduct of the hon . gent . 's friends , who composed the late administration , and who broke off the last negociation . It was true the hon . gent . had disagreed with them also on that point , he therefore could not deny him the merit of having acted with consistency . thought the two first resolutions involved in so much difficulty , that he could not vote for them ; but if 869 the third was to be brought to a division , it should have his vote . He conceived that ministers , by their own shewing , gave very little hopes of peace . He thought that it would be acting more consistently with the honour , the interest , and the dignity of the country , to enter into negociation now , that at any future period . did not agree with his hon . friend who had just sat down . He would vote for all the three propositions . He contended , that ministers had shewn an aversion to peace in two instances , and that they ought not to be trusted to reject a third offer . He was sorry to hear a great deal stated respecting commercial distress , from a very respectable quarter : but he was certain that the picture which had been drawn was greatly overcharged . He knew there was no such distress in the country ; and if it did exist , he never would avow it : for to hold such language was to capitulate at once . It had been said , to vote the third resolution would be to encourage petitions for peace . In his opinion it would completely put an end to them . As it did not appear that the discussion could be terminated this night , he moved that the debate be adjourned until to-morrow . wished that his right hon . friend would withdraw his motion for adjournment . He declared that he would vote for all the three propositions . withdrew the motion of adjournment . replied ; after which the house divided on each of the three Resolutions , which were all negatived . The following are the numbers which appeared on each division : 1st division , Ayes 70 ; Noes 210 ; 2d division Ayes 67 ; Noes 211 ; 3d division Ayes 58 ; Noes 217. called the attention of the house to those passages in the speeches of his majesty to parliament ; on the 27th of April , and the 26th of June , expressing a desire that the inquiries , with a view to public economy , should be continued . The committee of finance which had existed in the former parliament had been re-appointed in this case ; which committee had recommended this measure . His lordship adverted to the circumstance of this bill having been thrown out in the last session , when none of the ministers were present , except the noble and learned lord on the woolsack ; and expressed a hope that , under all the circumstances in which this bill was again pressed on their lordships ' attention , they would not