, which the American government refused to ratify , I contend , that so far from too much concession being made in that treaty , it absolutely went to impose restrictions upon American commerce far greater than those mentioned in the Declaration of the Secretary of State . But , yet , the late ministers felt the force , and were alive to the importance of all the reasons which should urge this country to avoid a war with America . The identity of language , the similarity of habits , the old , the commercial , the family connections , had ail their just weight in our consideration of the jubject . We , therefore , determined to preserve the old laws which regulated our intercourse ; and I entertain not the smallest doubt , that had the course we commenced been consistently pursued , it would have answered the end in view , by preserving the amicable relations and just interests of both countries.—The speech , I observe , studiously separates the two questions involved in our controversy with America ; namely , that of the affair of the Chesapeake , and that relating to our Orders of Council . But , does any man suppose , that those questions will be separated in America ? No : nor can they be separated in discussion here . In examining the Orders of Council , they must be considered in three points of view ; first , as they affect our commerce ; secondly , as they affect the constitution ; and lastly , as they affect our negociations with America . When all the papers relative to this important question 'are laid before the house , it will be for us particularly to inquire , whether his majesty 's government can constitutionally enact such prohibitions , as these Orders of Council contain ; next , whether the time chosen for issuing those orders was not peculiarly exceptionable , as they must serve so much to inflame the minds of the Americans , already so strongly excited against us ; and also , whether we had any right thus to annihilate the whole trade of America—thus to say to that power , as our Orders 25 distinctly expressed , `` Not a ship of yours shall sail which shall not be subject to confiscation by us , or to conditions which shall subject it to confiscation by the enemy ? '' I repeat , that this is the language which the decree of ministers proclaims to America , and I would ask , whether such language is reconcileable with any law , or usage , or principle of equity ? Let me , then , intreat your lordships deeply to consider this subject ; to examine its policy ; to interpose your authority and influence for the purpose of restoring moderation and justice to your government . What the late ministers did in consequence of Bonaparte 's Decree of blockading of the British isles is in the recollection of the house . They retaliated , not Upon America or the neutral powers , but upon France . The Orders of Council , however , commence with an assertion , which I find echoed in his majesty 's speech . In that speech I see , for the first time , a thing unparalleled in any production of this nature upon record ; namely , an imputation cast upon the conduct of his majesty 's government for the last 15 years . But , when such an imputation is cast , I would call for proofs to sustain it . When Bonaparte issued his blockading Decree , we expressed a hope that such a decree would not be acted upon . We might be thought too sanguine in that hope ; and yet we were not altogether disappointed . But , what have the present ministers done by their Orders of Council ? Why , instead of urging Bonaparte to revoke his decree , they have produced the issue of other decrees , to strengthen and confirm that which , in fact , could never have been executed , if