away from it by all the arts of the right hon . secretary . Was it a light matter , that , after it had been stated in a Declaration given in the name of the king , that the secret arrangements at Tilsit had given rise to the attack upon Denmark , and that it was by sacking the port and arsenal of Copenhagen , that government had prevented the Danish fleet from falling into the power of Buonaparte , that no proofs should be given of the truth of these allegations ? He contended , that if parliament failed to institute an enquiry into such circumstances , it would he wanting in its duty . It was pleaded , that it would be dangerous to disclose the proofs ; but let not this argument of danger be pleaded generally ; let ministers tell us why this or that specific paper can not be granted . It was not necessary in granting any paper , that they should acquaint the house how they came by it . Parliament , he asserted , never had been placed in such a situation before . We were now at war with Denmark , and no communication had yet been made to that house of the grounds upon which his majesty had gone to war . The right hon . secretary would not surely plead , that it would be attended with greater danger , regularly to lay the documents before the house , than to stand up and read them in his place as he had done to night ; and there was not a doubt that it was much more parliamentary that the house should be put in possession of the Papers themselves . If he was convinced that ministers had acted upon proper grounds , he should be the first to give them credit for what they had done ; but he did not think it fair to entrap the 298 country into an approbation of their measures by flattering its cupidity . The language of ministers was , that they had atchieved a splendid enterprize , and therefore that every thing was right . He did not think that there could be the least objection to the production of any of the documents that had been moved for ; and in his opinion the letters , extracts from which had been read , ought to be added to the number . The letter of Mr. Garlicke , for instance , stating the hostile mind of Denmark , was very important . It was important also for the house to know , upon what the opinion of that gentleman was founded , that , if the French were once in possession of Holstein , the island of Zealand must necessarily fall into their power ; for a single transport with a few Danish troops escaping the vigilance of our cruisers , and passing from Jutland to Zealand , was no more an argument that a French army could pass , than a French privateer crossing unobserved from Boulogne to Dover , would be sufficient evidence to shew the practicability of an invasion of this country . The expedition to the Island of Madeira some years ago , had been cited as a case similar to the present , but he utterly denied that there was the smallest analogy between them . Portugal , said the right hon . secretary , was not then your enemy , but your ally , and if you could attack your ally , surely we might attack a power which we had every reason to suspect of entertaining hostile intentions against us . But the right hon . secretary seemed not to know , or at least to forget , that the expedition alluded to , was sent , not to attack , but to protect an ally at . a time when there were British troops in Portugal , to repel an actual invasion of French and Spanish troops . He could not help remarking however , that it was not a little singular , that ministers , while they withheld all information respecting