the Chesapeake , before they excited fresh animosity by an act , inconsistent , not only with the law of nations , but with an existing treaty between this country and America . The treaty lately negociated in this country , and which had not been ratified by the president of the United States , was not before the house , and therefore he should not quote it . He would only remark , in passing , that the refusal of the president to ratify it , was no proof that it had not been ratified , because this depended , by the forms of the American Constitution , upon the Senate , and not upon the President . But without entering upon that subject now , he asserted that the Orders in Council were a positive infraction of the treaty concluded between lord Grenville and Mr. Jay , in which it was expressly stipulated , that from the circumstances of American ships not being supposed to know what ports were blockaded , and what not , they were to be allowed to proceed on their voyage , and were not to be brought into English ports ; whereas by the Orders in Council they were to be detained and brought in . There was only one more high legal authority with which he would at present trouble the house by referring to , and that was the opinion of lord chief justice Hale , who was allowed to be one of the most learned and enlightened judges that ever graced the annals of this country . On this subject , that learned judge observed , that several acts of parliament having provided for and made it not only lawful , but advantageous , for foreigners to bring their ships and goods into the ports of this kingdom , unless an act of parliament should afterwards be made to shut them out , no other power in the country can do it ; and having under such sanction and authority 320 entered into the ports of this kingdom , no power exists in it of preventing their going out of port again , but an act of parliament . In the present measures , the privy council had first done an act which nothing but parliament could do , and then by licence , they had given a power to dispense with that which their own order was meant to effect . In the event of any such cases , it was allowed , that it could only be suffered , in particular points , such as the importation of provisions , and similar acts of great necessity ; but by no means did the law even countenance , much less tolerate , the receiving of money for the obtaining of licences . How could ministers expect their conduct to be sanctioned , by referring their acts to a committee of ways and means , when those acts were in opposition to the law of nations and the law of the land , to good policy , and the express stipulations of treaties , to the express rules of the prize courts , and the courts of admiralty ? It was extremely improper , to bring forward a motion of the nature of that now before the house , till his majesty 's ministers had obtained a Bill of Indemnity , and till the Orders in Council had themselves been sanctioned . Sir James Marriott , who had so long presided in the Admiralty Court , had declared , that the justice of that court was to be administered like all others , without reference to any orders or instructions from the crown , or to any limitations , except those imposed by act of parliament . Upon these established principles of public law , acknowledged as the standard of the conduct of the British courts of public administration , upon the acts and statutes , and authorities he had cited , he felt it his duty , leaving the policy of the measure out of the question , and reserving it for the committee , where it might be