every turning . He even now ventured to predict , that he would be obliged to divide the bill into two parts , and to refer both back to a committee . He wished for nothing that would savour like a triumph over the right hon . gent . ; on the contrary , he declared , upon his honour , that he was actuated solely by a wish to promote the interests of the country . Every person must confess , that now they were wholly in the dark , and the house owed it to the country to inform themselves respecting the tendency of it proceedings . It owed this to the country upon many grounds , but upon none more than to shew that it was alive to the distresses of the people . Only 717 forty-eight hours ago a petition , stating these distresses , had been presented to the house , signed by 30,000 people . ( p . 692 . ) He was far from rejoicing that petitions this description were presented , but when petitions such as that were presented , and , as had been justly remarked by a right hon . gent . not now in his place ( Mr. Canning ) , couched in the most respectful and becoming language , they were surely on that very account entitled to greater consideration . It ought never to be out of the mind of that right hon . gent . nor out of the mind of the house , that there were 30,000 individuals in the country who were in want of bread . The right hon . gent . might say , perhaps , that these petitions were determined on before the Orders in Council were issued , but they surely were a sufficient reason fir paying greater attention to every thing which might tend to give relief to the sufferers , and for avoiding any thing which might have the effect of aggravating their sufferings . And was the right hon . gent . sure that the present measure would not increase the number of these sufferers from 30,000 , to 300,000 . Was he fully aware of their tendency to produce a war with America ; and had he taken into his calculation the injury which would accrue from such an event to the industrious and manufacturing classes of the people ? Here Mr. Tierney adverted in terms of the highest praise to the able pamphlet of Mr. Baring , and asked if any merchant would take upon him to controvert the statements and opinions which it contained ? He called then upon the right hon . gent . to look at the situation of 30,000 men , who told hint that they were in want of bread , notwithstanding the advantage they derived from living under the most indulgent masters , who were smarting under the pressure of every kind of difficulty , and when he did that , to say , whether he would persist in refusing to refer to a committee a measure by which it was at least possible , if not probable , that this difficulty might be greatly enhanced ? Was not this such an extensive question of trade as to require the most extensive investigation ? To this question he begged that he would say aye or no . If he was of opinion that it would be better to discuss it in a select or secret committee , he ( Mr. T. ) should have no objection to either ; but do not let him hold out the house of commons to the country as careless and indifferent about a subject connected with its most impor- 718 tant interests . To this proceeding Mr. T. shewed there could be no objection , whether he considered it as a question of general policy or merely as a question of revenue . But as it was , the right hon . had first issued the Orders , then he had advised the prorogation of parliament lest it should have an opportunity of taking cognizance of them too soon , and afterwards ,