? Certainly not , my lords ; no , nor an hour after France had acted upon the Decree by condemnations in her prize courts , if America , cognizant of such condemnations , had submitted to the decisions , and , with the consent of her government , continued her commerce with France , as with a friendly nation . I should have considered that as full evidence of acquiescence ; but , my lords , the term acquiescence , as applied to America , like that of retaliation , appears to me to be wholly unintelligible , until some act was done by France , under her decree , above all after the answer given to gen. Armstrong 's demand of explanation ; for how can America be said to have acquiesced in the interruption of her commerce , if in no one instance her commerce had been interrupted ? The language of the Decree undoubtedly would comprehend the interruption of her commerce , because the British isles were declared to be in a state of blockade ; but the decree was general , and America had a treaty with France—the explanation , therefore , to gen. Armstrong , that it was not intended to interfere with the relations of the treaty , might be consistent with the largest interpretation of the Decree . If any of your lordships ( for instance ) were to give a public notice , that all who entered your grounds should be considered as wilful trespassers , it could hardly be taken to apply to those who by your permission had keys of your park.—But , I am willing , my lords , for the present , to 940 leave M. Dècres 's explanation wholly out of the question , and to stand altogether upon the non-execution of the Decree , in order to examine the foundation of those dreadful consequences , which , it seems , must instantly have fallen upon us , if we had waited for its execution , and the acquiescence of America.—The Berlin Decree , of the 21st Nov. 1806 , had been issued nearly 12 months before ministers were driven to the irresistible necessity of counteracting it . Let us examine , therefore , what had been the condition of intolerable sufferings in that long and painful interval . My noble friend , who sits at the end of the bench behind me , ( lord Auckland , ) laid before the house , a short time ago , the melancholy detail of them.—You had , up to the very 11th of Nov. ( the Papers are on the table ) , a revenue , not only untouched by the ordinary calamities of war , and the extraordinary machinations of France to destroy it , but full , and overflowing in every department , beyond the prosperity of any former time . As to our commerce with America , my lords , the air was white with her sails , and the sea was pressed down with her shipping , nearly half as numerous as our own , bringing her produce into every port of England , and carrying our commodities and manufactures into every corner of Europe.—Up to the very date of your Orders in Council she continued to take , without the least defalcation , ten millions of your manufactures ; and she enabled herself to pay for them by selling to other nations what was beyond her own consumption . She carried on this traffic in the face of the French Decree of the 21st of Nov. when you could not do it for yourselves . She did this , I allow , not as a perilous adventure from friendship to you , but from the grand principle of human action—to serve herself . Providence has so contrived the structure of the world , that , by a wise pursuit of self-interest , every thing is full and stands in its proper place.—You had so far the start of all nations , that you had only to be quiet , and suffer things to take their course : every advantage flowed into your