that he felt a reluctance to sign the warrant of remission . in explanation , said , that he had heard it was with reluctance that the right hon . gent . who spoke last had signed the warrant for the restitution of the property of the hon . captain , and he had stated it as a fact which he thought highly honourable to the character of the right hon . and learned gent . With respect to what had been said by the hon . captain , as to his having brought forward this subject thus suddenly , without having given him any intimation of it , the fact was , that he had heard of this transaction some time ago , and finding the motion which had been made was to come on that evening , he had purposely gone to the Admiralty to look into the records of this transaction ; that this had taken up so much time , he was not able to get down to the house till the motion was made , and then , not knowing the hon . capt . by sight , he had even asked one or two of his friends if he was in the house , who told him that he was . Had the hon . captain been absent , it was his intention to have stated the transaction without mentioning names , and have left that to some future occasion . As the right hon . and learned gent . had however expressly stated , that no misapplication of the money arising from this fund had taken place , he thought it his duty to mention it in the way he had done , as he thought it a most glaring and flagrant misapplication , and what ought to be more particularly enquired into . said , he thought this motion was intended to come at a very important fact , viz . the amount of the proceeds arising from these Droits ; and , as such , he would vote in favour of it : the amendment being , in his opinion , a colourable pretence for weakening and curtailing the effect of it . rose for the purpose of proposing his amendment ; but told him he could not speak to the whole motion , having spoken be- 459 fore , and must therefore confine himself to explanation . then rose , and moved an amendment to the following purport , `` That there be laid before this house , an Account of the nett proceeds paid into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty , or to the Receiver General of Droits , of all property condemned to his majesty as Droits , either in right of his crown or in right of the office of lord high admiral , since the 1st of Jan. 1793 , and of the balance now remaining therein . '' in explanation , said , that so far from the amendment being a colourable pretence to weaken or curtail the effect of the original motion , it would have the direct contrary tendency ; for the hon . baronet 's intention would be more fully answered by it , than by the original motion . The hon . baronet wanted to obtain the fullest discovery of the amount of droits , and this the amendment would procure most effectually ; and it would be only to wait a few days , and then he might , when he was in possession of the amount of this fund , move for an account of the application of it . He had before stated , that this fund , whether wisely or unwisely , was not then the question , had been left to the sole disposal of the crown . If , however , that house or any member of it was of opinion that this fund amounted to such an enormous sum as ought not to be vested in any one without the controul of parliament , and wished to bring the subject under the consideration of the house , such member had a right