, deserved so harsh a character as the hon . gent . had been pleased to bestow upon them . In the little he had to offer at any time to the house , he was not much in the habit of indulging in charges , or making use of terms that could justly be stigmatized as indecent . He had questioned the conduct of the noble lord at the head of the admiralty upon two grounds ; one was the appointment of sir Home Popham to an eminent command under circumstances that had excited a considerable irritation ; an appointment which he had thought , and did still think , extremely ill judged : it was an appointment that had given rise to a very general sensation of well-grounded jealousy among the officers of the British navy . The public prints had recorded their dissatisfaction ; it was a circumstance known throughout the country nor did the country think those officers had been well treated . His other ground of objection was the reprehensible neglect of our squadron off Rochfort . The hon . gent . had ingeniously steered clear of both these topics and thought the house would suppose he Was answering them when he was 887 giving his very accurate details of what he and his colleagues had done ; with what ? the British navy ! There was , no doubt , great reason for boasting what a man could do with such an instrument as the British fleet . He had told them that Brest was now blockaded ; but did he forget that the abandoning of that very blockade was one of the consequences of the neglect of the Rochfort squadron ? that sir John Duckworth , on hearing of the escape of the enemy from Rochfort , set out in pursuit of them , and that Brest was left open for 7 or 8 days ? As to what had fallen from the hon . gent . as to the propriety of sending him a previous communication of what resolutions he had to submit to the house , he reminded the hon . gent . that the moment he got a copy of the resolutions he shewed it to him ; and that he had yesterday a personal communication with him on the substance of what he meant to move for ; therefore the hon . gent . could not be taken by surprize . But , as to the propriety of sending a copy to the board of admiralty , or any other board whatever , he conceived himself under no such obligation . He made that motion in his place , as a member of parliament ; and he would not descend from that character , or compromise its dignity , by assenting to such a position . He concluded by pledging himself to the house to make good his statements , when the papers moved for were laid upon the table . —The question was then put and carried . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for information , tending to shew what measures had been taken to insure the collateral execution of the Orders in Council by the powers in alliance with his majesty . Unless Sweden imposed similar restrictions , the restraints imposed by us were nugatory . Gottenburgh might be made a depot from which American produce and the produce of the French colonies might be sent to all the southern shores of the Baltic , and thence circulated through Germany and Russia . Sicily also might be made an entrepot for a similar transaction ; so might Sardinia . In order to ascertain what ministers had done on this point , he moved , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that there be laid before the house the substance of alt communications with powers in amity with his majesty , touching the Orders in Council of the 11th November . '' rose to 888 give his negative to the motion of the noble lord , upon the following grounds : in the first place , the observations of