force Buonaparte to relinquish his terrible decrees , by prohibiting the exportation of Bark—a notable expedient , truly , and such an one as must astonish all Europe ! It might be the characteristic 864 of themselves , but it certainly was not that of the country , to wish to wage war against the sick , the lame , and the blind , and , instead of boldly and manfully attacking their camps , directing our whole force and artillery against their defenceless hospitals . He was really surprised to see so much reliance placed on such trifles , and thought that they bore the strongest evidence of the necessity of endeavouring to obtain an honourable peace . What could we do to serve ourselves by carrying on the war ? We had not , as he had before observed , a single point of contact . Buonaparte took every thing by land , and we took every thing by sea ; and so we might go on till this country , which was wholly commercial , should be entirely ruined . There were many other topics on which he could have wished to touch , but the lateness of the hour would not permit him , and he must therefore confine himself to such as were the most important . To those who were really advocates for the continuance of the war , he thought it absolutely necessary to address one plain question . Was the country in such a state as to be able to bear it ? Did not the house think that the state of Ireland was such as to merit their most serious attention ? Four millions of subjects , forming a considerable majority of the people of that part of the united empire , were anxiously solicitous to be allowed a participation in the dearest and best rights and privileges of the constitutution , from which prejudice had so long excluded them , and to which if they were not speedily restored , they must remain in a state of the greatest discontent . He entreated the house to consider also the danger to which India was exposed . He mentioned that particularly , because it had escaped the observation of others ; but all well knew that Buonaparte had long had an eye towards India , and that he was at the present moment meditating , if not actually putting in practice , the attempt of reaching that country through the continent of Europe ; an attempt which the continuance of war must facilitate , by giving France an opportunity of exasperating and stirring up against us the native princes of India . He condemned the system adopted , of the extension of our territories in India , though he meant not lo attribute blame to any particular person , but could not do otherwise than consider it as highly impolitic . He was much surprised to hear it urged , that the ruler of France had vowed to wage eternal war with this country . 865 That very argument was in his mind a strong reason for endeavouring to negociate a peace ; because , if by so doing we could establish the fact , that he had really made such a vow , or that he had determined not to make peace but such a one as would be dishonourable or disgraceful to this country , he had no doubt but the good sense and spirit of the people would exert itself , and that they would resolve to bear , if not with cheerfulness , at least with patience , all the privations they might suffer in consequence , rather than the national honour should be tarnished . The present war , he said , had been originally entered upon to prevent the fulfilling the conditions of a treaty—a matter which in itself he thought highly blameable . It had since been carried , on , as had been acknowledged , from mere punctilios of honour respecting Russia ; and he must say , it was astonishing to him how his hon . friends , or any of them