administration with that of marquis Cornwallis and lord Teignmouth , in order to show that they all interfered alike , and considered Oude as dependent upon the company . He would not only vote against the Resolution , but for the motion of sir J. Anstruther . acknowledged that the treaty was violated , but asserted it was owing to the failure of the nabob to pay his kists ; he would therefore vote against the Resolutions . denied that ever the nabob failed in his payment , and replied to the arguments on that side at consideable length . The house then divided , The Resolution 31 Against it 182 Majority —151 then moved , `` That it . appears to this house , that the marquis Wellesley , in carrying into execution the late arrangements in Oude , was actuated by an ardent zeal for the public service , and by the desire of providing more effectually for the prosperity , the defence , and the safety of the British territories in India . '' On this motion the house divided , For the Resolution180 Against it 29 Majority—151 , having on a former evening stated his reasons for moving the rejection of this bill , declined again urging them , but trusted to the indulgence of their lordships to allow him to reply to any arguments that might be urged in the course of the debate . objected to the strictness of construction given to the Standing Order by the noble lord , on a former evening , and contended , that the practice of the house was in direct opposition to the principles urged by the noble lord in support of his motion . His lordship quoted several precedents support of this proposition , some of them in the reign of queen Anne , soon after the passing of the Order ; some in the beginning of the reign of his present majesty , and others of recent date , consisting of Bills of Aid and Supply , which contained clauses either not necessary to the object of the bill , or 1149 foreign to and differing from the purpose of the bill , and which were , notwithstanding , agreed to in that house . One instance he quoted was , the Act for carrying into effect the commercial treaty with France , on which a question of rejection on the Standing Order was moved in that house , and negatived . In the Annual Malt Bill , and in the Irish Stamp act passed in 1803 , clauses were contained foreign to their purpose . His lordship entered into a detail of these precedents , for the purpose of proving the practice of the house to be in opposition to the noble lord 's construction of the Order ; and then went through those clauses of the Bill to which objections had been taken , contending , that in no instance could they be considered as bringing the bill within the meaning of the Order . Most of the clauses objected to were , in his opinion , evidently growing out of the bill , as a bill of Aid and Supply ; and with respect to the limitation of action , on which most stress had been laid , he denied , that it at all contained an indemnity for issuing the Orders in Council ; and that the question of legality might still be tried , although this clause was agreed to . He urged , that it would be unjust to apply the Order to this bill , after a continued practice of a contrary tendency so clearly proved , that the intention of the Order was to apply it in cases where there was an evident intention on the part of the commons to better the discretion of that house , by annexing clauses to Money Bills foreign to their purpose ; that a general application of the Order would defeat the object of it ; and that it could not , in any fair or just view of the cave , be applied to the present bill . contended