passage in his majesty 's speech had not been followed up by the presentation of the treaty was simply this until within these few days there had been , no arrivals from the continent . No less than eight or ten Gottenburgh mails had become due . Within these few days , however , dispatches had been received from the British ambassador at Stockholm , stating that the Treaty with Sweden had been actually signed . His majesty 's government were in daily expectation of receiving it , and within as short a period as possible after the arrival of the treaty , he should feel it to be his duty to bring it down to the house . It was unquestionably true , that a sum of money had been sent to Sweden , not in pursuance of any prior treaty concluded with that country , but in the contemplation of the treaty that had recently been signed . stated , that he understood , by representations from various quarters , that it would be more acceptable to have a direct prohibition of the exportation of certain articles , the produce of neutral states as well as of this country , which it was intended to have prohibited by duty . The mode of prohibition under the Orders in Council was certainly generally intended to be that of imposing duties . However , as ' a direct prohibition of the exportation from this country of such articles as were produced by America as well as our own colonies appeared to be considered the preferable mode , he should adopt it . He would therefore , move for leave to bring in a Bill to prohibit the exportation of Cotton Wool and Jesuits Bark ; with a proviso , however , that licences might be granted in certain cases for such exportation . As to the prohibition of the exportation of Bark , he was led to it by the information that the severest pressure was already felt on the continent from the want of that article . It was of great importance to the armies of the enemy , He understood that at Paris it had risen from 10s . to 70s . per pound , and that attempts had been made to procure it in spite of all obstacles . The object of the prohibition 696 in this instance was , . that it might ultimately be the means of introducing other articles into the continent . He moved , that the house should go-into a committee to consider of the prohibition of the exportation of Cotton Wool and Jesuit 's Bark.—The Speaker left the chair . The resolutions were put and agreed to ; the report received ; and bills ordered . [ ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL . ] The report of the Orders in Council bill was brought up . objected to the bill on the ground of informality . This was a bill not only for imposing duties , but for the regulation of trade . But it was provided by a standing order of the house , founded upon that of 1703 , that no bill for the regulation of trade should orginate , except in a committee of the whole house , called a Committee for the Protection of Trade and Navigation . That part of the bill which went to the regulation of trade , ought therefore , in his opinion , to have originated in such a committee . He had looked for precedents , and found one exactly its point in the Convoy Duty act . The course which had been pursued by the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) in that instance was this —that part which was matter of commercial regulation was referred to a committee of trade ; that which regarded the duties was referred to a committee of ways and means . The resolution of the ways and means was first reported and a bill ordered . The other resolution was then reported , and an instruction given to those appointed to bring in the Duties bill to make provision pursuant to