Upon that occasion , the right hon . secretary read part of a letter from lord Grey to Mr. Garlicke , and in that extract he left off at the end of a paragraph which suited his own purpose , and the very next would have explained the whole context , and given an entirely different colour to the matter . This was grievous to my lord Grey , who was a public man , who had held an high official situation , and in whose character the public had a great interest . He conceived this to be a perfectly fair and sufficient ground for calling for the production of public documents ; and he was sorry to say , that referring to the estimation in which he had hitherto held the right hon . secretary for candour , in that part of his character he had been greatly deceived . took a general view of the expedition to Copenhagen , which he considered as setting an example , which would in future have the effect of involving neutral powers in war , whatever might be their interest or inclination . defended the measure , and conceived it plain to the common sense of every man , that from the power of France and the weakness of Denmark , the latter power would not have been permitted to remain neutral . alluded to the speech of the right honourable the secretary of state on a former night , the eloquence of which he admired , but he could not help saying , it was a speech most of the force of which was derived from the extracts which he took from certain documents to which he referred . And here he must take leave to lament that a secretary of state should avail himself of the command he had of the documents of office , and which none but a secretary of state could have taken ; and here he must also declare , that the extracts which the right hon . gent . read , were garbled extracts . Lord Grey was well known to be hostile to the Expedition to Copenhagen , and by the extract which the right hon . gent . gave of the dispatch of lord Grey ( then lord Howick ) to Mr. Garlicke , it would appear as if lord Howick had recommended that expedition . He really did not see what his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) could do less than bring forward the present mo- 391 tion ; he ought to do it for the sake of the house of commons , he ought to do it for the sake of the public , who had a right to be fairly informed upon this matter ; he ought , lastly , to do it for the sake of the character of lord Howick ; for every public man was entitled to a fair consideration by the public . The right hon . secretary consented to lay before the house the correspondence of Mr. Rist , because that appeared to answer the party motives of the right hon . gent . He made a partial extract from the dispatch of lord Howick for the same reason , but he repressed the rest of lord Howick 's dispatch , because it would put an end to those party motives by placing the subject in another light , and explaining the whole matter to the public . The general objection to the production of papers , was the inconvenience to the public service by producing them ; but here it was not contended that any such would be the case if the whole dispatch of my lord Howick was produced . Here the house was called upon to recognize a right in the secretary of state to read what part he pleased of any document in his office , just as it might suit himself , and that out of pure confidence in the secretary of state . No man admired more than he did the talents of the right hon . gent . but he did not choose to put