it was only the greater quantity of blood shed in an action , that entitled the commander to thanks , as , on the contrary , thanks were rather due to a commander who , by skilful and judicious dispositions , prevented the effusion of blood . He , therefore , relied confidently on the disposition of the house to agree to a Vote of Thanks in this instance . He could not conclude without adverting to the promptitude and rapidity with which the Danish ships were fitted and brought away , and the stores put on board . His lordship concluded by moving the Thanks of the house to lieut . gen. lord 158 viscount Cathcart , knight of the thistle , for the judicious and decisive measures , which , after exhausting , every means of negotiation , were employed by him for effectuating the surrender of the Danish Navy and Arsenal of Copenhagen . rose to perform , what he felt to be a most painful duty , for painful certainly it was to him to refuse his assent to a motion of the nature of that made by the noble secretary of state . But as a member of that house he thought it incumbent on him to support its dignity , and not to allow the highest honour it could confer on distinguished merit , to become a matter of course , and to sink into a mere compliment . These were his grounds for his opposition to the motion , and he did not imagine that any man would think so meanly of him as to suppose that his vote on such an occasion could be prompted by any personal dislike to the officers in whose favour the motion had been made . Far was any such feeling from his breast ; what acquaintance he had with these noble officers was , indeed , but slender , but it was enough to fill him with esteem for their private character and professional merits . He perfectly agreed with the noble secretary in the propriety of separating the merits of the present motion from the question of the political principles upon which the expedition had been undertaken , and he would endeavour to observe that distinction . What he should offer was on the nature of the service itself , and on the claim it had to the distinction which it was proposed to bestow upon it . The noble secretary of state had dwelt much on the importance of the service , and on the skill , judgment , and promptitude , with which it was performed . As to the importance of the expedition , another opportunity would occur to deliver his opinion of it ; but , in the circumstances that attended the execution of it , he could see nothing that was entitled to the honour of the thanks of that house . Granting that service was important ; granting that it had been performed with the utmost ability , yet these circumstances alone were not of a nature to challenge and justify so high a distinction . Where , was the danger , where the difficulties that were to be encountered and overcome in the performance of that service ? Had it in it any of those brilliant traits that excite admiration and command respect ? Had it in it any thing that redounded to the glory of the country , or to render its 159 name and character more respected and memorable ? In better times , many of the important victories gained by the duke of Marlborough , during the wars of the succession , were passed over without such a distinction , which was only bestowed upon the more splendid achievements of that great general ; and latterly , the taking of the little town of Bastia procured for lord Hood the thanks of that house , although the same honour was not paid him for the capture of Toulon , and of the French fleet in that port . It was not , therefore , the magnitude and importance of the service that always justified the