and he trusted that when it should be known , the result would not verify his apprehensions . As far as he could judge from such private advices as persons were pleased to communicate to him , he was , he confessed , inclined to believe that the intelligence of his majesty 's ministers ' intentions , with respect to the measure of the Orders in Council , was known in America several days before the measure of the embargo had been resolved on : and if so , it was not unreasonable to conclude , that that intelligence must have had no inconsiderable influence in producing the adoption of that measure . said , that ministers had received no intelligence , from any authentic source , that could lead them to believe , that the Americans knew any thing of the 1242 Orders in Council previous to the embargo ; but , as he had stated on a former occasion , it was by no means improbable , that the embargo might have been resorted to in America , from a conviction that such measures of retaliation as the present would naturally be adopted by this country , in consequence of the French decrees . The noble baron , however , might have secret advices , that the Americans had been previously informed of the intention to issue the Orders in Council , and had acted accordingly ; but until that was distinctly asserted , he must still believe , that the fact was as he himself had stated it . He allowed , that it was unwise to enter upon a commercial war ; but the question here was , whether you were to submit to the embarrassments thrown by the enemy in the way of your commerce , without adopting some measure of retaliation ? If we were not to engage in a commercial war of this kind at all , then the Order of the 7th of Jan. was a most unwise one . His lordship also stated , with regard to the American embargo , that the preamble of the Order of the 7th of Jan. announced further retaliation , in case that should take place which had actually happened ; and this might have corroborated the idea , that such a measure as the late Orders in Council would be adopted by this country , and by that means have contributed to the laying on of the embargo . said , that he had no secret advices , nor did he know what the noble secretary meant by the words 'secret advices . ' His information was as public as the public papers of the country could make it . A commercial house here had sent information to America of the intention to issue these Orders , and of their nature and tendency , and that information was perfectly accurate . Their correspondents in America acknowledged the receipt of the intelligence on the 16th of Dec. being six days before the embargo was laid on . He desired the noble secretary not to take this statement upon his authority , but to call the merchant to the bar , who would confirm it on oath . , pursuant to notice , called the attention of the house to some appointments on the establishment of this hospital , in which due regard was not had to the preference which ought to be shewn to persons who had served in the navy . He cited all the commissions relative to Greenwich Hospital , from the first under William and Mary , to shew , that such a preference ought always to be given ; and concluded with moving an Address to his majesty , praying , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions , that all the appointments belonging to the said hospital should henceforth filled with persons who had served in the navy . said it must be the object of every one to promote as much as possible what the hon . baronet was desirous to accomplish . But there were offices for which persons properly qualified could not be found in