that the house would not feel , that the duties of any committee would be worse performed , because it included within it persons holding official situations . Still less could an objection apply to a gentleman chosen by the house , in consequence of his distinguished character and talents , to fill the hon . situation of chairman of the committee of ways and means . Was he on that account to be distrusted ? As well might the speaker of the house be distrusted . Neither situation was the appointment of government . Both were in the election of the house ; and to no gentleman who filled either , could any dishonourable imputation on that account with any thing like justice or plausibility be attached . agreed with the right hon . gent . in deprecating the idea that every placeman must be a man of bad character . An office of trust , well and faithfully executed , was unquestionably a post of honour . It was only because offices were not always faithfully executed that placemen grew into disrepute . As to the allusion to his noble friend not now 1313 in the house ( lord H. Petty ) it was not by his own request he had been nominated a member of the Committee of Finance ; but that appointment had taken place specifically under the direction of the chair . He never did attend , however , and expressed his determination not to attend , conscious as he was , that he was disqualified by the office he held from being a member of such a committee . He ( Mr. W. ) had been a member of that committee ; and he recollect a reason assigned for not naming him on the renewed list was , that he was at the time particularly occupied with other matters , on the fate of which he was sorry he could not congratulate himself . He agreed , however , in the justice of that observation , and thought that independent of every other consideration , it was of itself a sufficient reason why the chairman of ways and means should also cease to be a member of it . opposed the motion . There was a narrow and vulgar prejudice against persons in place , which he did not wish to see encouraged . It was disparaging to office , it was disparaging to the country . If the hon . gent . who was the object of this motion , were to be removed from the committee of finance , that committee would lose one of its most valuable members . He was surprized that the hon . gent . should have mentioned what had occurred in the committee . With respect to the transaction to which he had alluded , it was a question of small importance , on which the committee happened to be equally divided , and on which the chairman of the committee of ways and means happened to be on one side rather than on the other . was anxious that it should be distinctly understood , that this proposition was the spontaneous act of his hon . friend . He stated this merely , lest he should be suspected of having stimulated him to make a motion , the ultimate object of which was , to appoint him to a situation , to the duties of which he felt himself incompetent . With respect to the subject immediately before the house , he could not be expected to offer any opinion . He would only add , that if he had any influence with his hon . friend , he would recommend to him to withdraw his motion , or at least not to press it to a division . could not help expressing his surprise that no motion could come from his side of the house without giving 1314 offence to individuals . The motion of his hon . friend appeared to him to have been framed with all possible delicacy . It was not to expunge the name of Mr. Wharton from the committee of