the straight course : and he described , sir , this business with a very appropriate epithet , in calling it a hart-breaking one . Supposing the feeling that dictated this expression to be serious , he must be aware that so small a grain of perfume can not sweeten such a mass of offence . I take it for granted that his colleagues , too , will claim their share in these tender feelings for the sufferings of the Danes , and fur the wounds given to British honour , and it must have been a most amusing , as well as a most edifying sight , to have seen the cabinet assembled on the final decision of this business . What a mixture of policy and morals , of fortitude and tenderness ! what a display of white handkerchiefs when they signed the fatal counsel . Yet alas , sir , all this reluctance proves but little for their characters , and only classes them with that destructive , inexorable animal , which devours his prey with his eyes full of tears . Different as their characters are , they ultimately concurred in the shameful advice ; and the pharisee and the publican surrendered their doubts to the same temptations.—Now , sir , as to the impolicy of the measure . In the first place , we who were at the head of the hopes of Europe , and perhaps of its affections , as France unfortunately was at the head of its power ; we have squandered all the accumulated character of centuries , in one act of prodigal and mistaking violence , and if we are incapable of lamenting the injury done to our own feelings , and to the principles of justice , we still must regret our loss of character , as the loss of power and influence . Even Chartres agreed that he would readily give a fortune for a good character , because he could get much larger fortune by means of it—But , sir , there are better reasons ; for in politics as in mathematics , the straightest line is the , shortest , and in political questions you may in truth judge of the character of transaction by its consequences . Our injustice 1205 and violence are a fresh proof of an old remark ; that the vices defeat their own purpose : a man addicted to sensual pleasure , fills his body with pains ; and a vain man becomes ridiculous : so does our violence tend to weaken our influence and power , and not to increase them . In this case , sir , we may infer the real characteristics , the atrocity of the measure by its innumerable evils , as you judge of the fury of a storm by the wrecks it has thrown on shore.—I shall not mention the trade of the Baltic and of Denmark , great as it was , both in imports and exports , but , I shall just advert to the three purposes of the imputed confederacy , enumerated in his majesty 's Declaration : 1 . To shut the Sound against us . 2 . To exclude us from our commercial , and indeed all other connection , with the continent . 3 . To seize the Danish navy.—The last , so far as regards the ships , and some of the stores , alone we have prevented , but we have effectually surrendered the former two : for the carcasses of the ships , and a few stores , most dearly bought , even in a pecuniary view , by the expences of the expedition , of which the wretched , the scandalous inventory is on your table , we have surrendered both the first objects , in shutting ourselves out of the Sound , and from the continent , We have given up the sailors , docks , and harbours ; we have lost an ancient , useful , and neighbouring ally , of the same religion , and governed by the near relation of the illustrious family on our throne . We have laid