either to keep the fleet in deposit , or to take it in purchase . When he communicated this fact to the house , he thought it necessary to state why he did not produce the Papers . As all negociations were resumed on the terms upon which they had been last broken off , and though he and his colleagues had thought it right to make such offers in that instance , it would not follow , that they should be disposed to grant the same conditions at a future period . In the hope of some such accommodation his majesty had even been induced to delay directing the condemnation of the Danish shipping , as well as his Declaration of war . He had no hesitation to add , that every stipulation had been required that could be necessary for the security of the Swedish territory . But now that war had taken place , it could not be contended that the capture of the Danish navy , did not , protanto , diminish the means of the enemy , whilst it added to our means of security . Buonaparte well knew , that the maritime power of Great Britain was the only impediment to his universal aggrandisement . He would not cease , therefore , to exhaust all the means he possessed to accomplish the grand object of his ambition . The trial he would make , and it was only by making it and its failure , that he was to be convinced of the inefficiency and fruitlessness of all his designs . He would destroy all commerce in order to injure this country , which he identified with it : Cedet et ipsemari vector : nec nautica pious Mutabit merces.— But though he should direct the whole accumulated force of his vast territories to this purpose , he would find all his projects frustrated , until he could make all nations independent of commerce , in consequence of their own productions : Omnis feret omnia tellus . By the expedition to Copenhagen , the means of the enemy had been reduced , and the security of the country augmented . Those who thought the policy of that measure weak , and its execution unjust , would certainly vote against him . But he could not consider it a manly way to take the division upon the motion for 288 Papers , and not on the merits of the question , merely because some few would vote , for the Papers , who would not support a motion for censure . Conscious of the principles upon which he and his colleagues had acted , and of the advantages resulting to the country there from , trusting to the justice and the good sense of the house , for a confirmation of the universal sentiment of the country with regard to the conduct of his majesty 's ministers upon the present transaction , he should submit to its decision , and meet the motion with a direct negative . rose to make some observations on the speech of the right hon . secretary . He was astonished beyond measure at some parts of that speech ; even though he did not mean to deny to it in general that sort of merit—the only species it could pretend to—which was necessary to cover a total want of just inference or correct statement . The right hon . secretary had alluded to certain transactions of the late administration . He said , you sent a fleet to Portugal to prevent the Portuguese navy from falling into the hands of the French , and we sent a fleet to the Sound to prevent the Danish fleet from being appropriated to the same service . The fact was so . But the difference was , that we , having it equally in our power , did not persist in the intention , and that they did . This the right hon . gent . called a failure . A failure with him was , a refusal to do , what , however easy in the execution , you did not consider