finance , but that he should be at liberty to withdraw his name from it . The right hon . gent . seemed to place great reliance upon the argument drawn from the elective power of the house ; but was there , he would ask , an instance of any person who was proposed to fill the office of chairman of the committee of ways and means , having been rejected by the house ? He agreed that it was proper a portion of certain committees should be filled by persons in office ; but this committee was of a very peculiar nature , of a constitution entirely differing from others . Its object was to promote public economy , and to effect reform . It was natural that a person in the right hon . gent . 's situation should feel interested in the reports of this committee . In one of these he believed he was very much so , for it was a report of that committee which had given rise to what was called in that house the Reversion bill . He would admit that a person in the chair of the committee of ways and means might fill it as uprightly and as ably as possible , and yet be a very improper person to be a member of the committee of finance . Every member of that committee should be so situated as to have no bias upon his mind ; no wish , no inclination which could warp his judgment , or prevent him from an impartial and conscientious discharge of his duty . The right hon . gent . knew that a person coming forward to give evidence in a court of law , if interested in the event to the amount of half a crown , was precluded from giving testimony in the cause . rose to correct a misconception which seemed to prevail on the other side of the house . He did not , as it was said , bring forward this motion , because the hon . member who was the subject of it had outvoted him in the committee of finance , but it was because that hon . member had scarcely ever attended that committee . When he entered it , on the occasion alluded to , he was so much a stranger , that the clerk applied to him to know whether the hon . member belonged to the committee . It was in consequence . of this that he then took the resolution to make the motion he now proposed.—He denied that he had pledged himself to move at the end of the session , that no remuneration should be given to the chair- 1315 man of the committee of ways and means . It was possible , however , if the report of the committee of finance should turn out as he expected , that in another session he might bring forward a motion to that effect . He had been catechized as to his object in making this motion . He would leave it to the house to say what his motives were , by stating what they were not . His object was not to march round the vulgar circle by which men rose to power ; to creep from popularity to place , and from place to apostacy . If the small talents he possessed should ever be thought worthy of being employed , they should be at the public disposal ; but it was upon this condition alone , that he did not participate in the public emolument in any shape whatever.—The house then divided : For the motion 21 ; Against it 70 ; Majority 40 . [ PETITIONS AGAINST THE ORDERS IN COUNCIL ] The house went into a committee to consider further of the Petitions against the Orders in Council . proposed to adduce evidence on two points : 1st , To shew that the export trade from this country to the continent was at a stand anterior to the passing of the Orders in Council : 2d , That the trade of this country