quite as voluntary 1354 as without selection ; and certainly without discretion ; for , not only were some dispatches published which never ought to have been published , but it would have been difficult to have found any thing in the course of the correspondence more unfit for publication than some of the papers which had been submitted to parliament , uncalled for and unexpected . These papers certainly furnished abundant matter of inculpation against the ministers of the day ; but the man who was at the head of that administration , of as splendid talents as this or perhaps any other country had ever produced , died . After his death , his colleagues in office resigned the reins of government , in consequence of his decease , and no discussion ever took place upon the subject of that treaty . He did think that the noble lord ought to have been one of the last persons to have called the attention of the house to the events of that time , considering that he was the sole manager in the formation of that confederacy , and considering how fatally it terminated for the interests of all the parties connected with it . The noble lord had at that time conducted the negotiations with so much secrecy , that they were wholly unknown at Vienna till the treaty was concluded , so that he was deprived of the advice of sir A. Paget , and of the information which he might have derived from him respecting the state of the Austrian army , and of the heart-burnings and party spirit which were at that time felt in the court of Vienna . But , though the noble lord had kept secret not only from our ally , but from a minister of his own court , the articles of the treaty which he was then concluding at St. Petersburg , he had on his late mission held out the refusal on the part of Russia , to communicate the secret articles of the treaty which that power had concluded with France , as a sufficient ground for refusing its mediation between Great Britain and France , even though the emperor had assured lord Hutchinson , that it was his opinion that we ought to enter into negociation with France , not , as that noble lord had represented , because it was proper that we should make peace with France on any terms , but because he ( the emperor of Russia ) knew that the terms of peace which the emperor of the French was ready to offer were such as he believed lord Hutchinson would be of opinion that this country ought to accept . At the time of negotiating the treaty of 1805 , the noble lord had also 1355 consented by his own confession , to an article by which it was stipulated that the powers of Europe should go into a congress in which the law of nations should be formally discussed , and in which the maritime pretensions of this country would , of course , as forming apart of that law , have come under discussion . [ Lord G. L. Gower , from the other side of the house , said he had never done any such thing . ] The noble lord , Mr. Whitbread said , denied the allegation ; but as the maritime law of this country was not positively excluded from the operation of this provisional article of the treaty , he contended , that it was virtually included in it . But if such was not the interpretation which the noble lord put upon this article of the treaty , how , he asked , did Russia understand it ? Had not tile noble lord himself stated , in a former debate , that a notification was made to him , before the . Russian ministers were permitted to sign the treaty , that his majesty , the emperor of Russia , would instruct his minister to use his endeavours at the general congress , which it was then in contemplation to assemble ,