into the hands of Buonaparte , had not we intercepted her views . It appeared likewise to him , that the grounds upon which this supposition rested were altogether improbable . Denmark had uniformly preserved a strict neutrality between the belligerent powers ; and there was no reason to think that , on the present occasion , she would deviate from it . Her army had taken a strong position in Holstein , the moment the French troops entered Hanover ; and he had not ? the smallest doubt that , had she been attacked , she would have defended herself with gallantry and perseverance . He never could bring himself to adopt , or in any way to countenance , the cold-blooded speculation of those who inferred , from the inferiority of the Danish force in point of numbers , that therefore she must have been conquered ; as if bravery was not paramount in every contest to mere numerical strength . Those who reasoned in this way would have considered our ancestors who fought and conquered at Poictiers and Agincourt as fools and ideots . The Danes might not indeed have been able to save the provinces of Holstein and Jutland , but had they not the island of Zealand to which to retire , and whither it was impossible for their enemy 365 to follow them ? No inference , he contended , could be drawn from the passage of a few individuals , in favour of the possibility of conveying an army across the Belt , particularly when it was considered that they would have had the assistance both of a British and a Swedish naval force to guard the passage . But even supposing that Buonaparte had acquired by some means or other the Danish fleet as an accession to his strength , he had no hesitation whatever in declaring , that he would rather have seen double the number of ships that their fleet consisted of in his power , than that we should have obtained it by the means by which it had come into our possession . As long as there was a power in Europe which , from its regard to justice and to the rights of other states , could form a sort of rallying point to the oppressed , there was some probability that the nations who were groaning under the yoke of a pitiless and inexorable tyrant , would have watched for some opportunity , and made some exertion in common to throw it off . Such a power was this country , previous to the late most unjustifiable and unfortunate attack upon Denmark ; but by this attack that hope had been compleatly extinguished . A noble lord had said that war was always a scourge , meaning by this to class the present among the ordinary measures of hostility , whereas he asserted , that this was hardly to he compared with any other aggression , because it poured destruction upon the innocent as inevitable as it had been unprovoked . The minister who signed the order for the expedition should , before affixing his name to the fatal instrument , have reflected on the distraction of mothers on seeing their mangled infants , and the distress in which it was to involve thousands who were guilty of no offence . It had been said , indeed , that these calamities were the effect of resistance , but who could blame this resistance , or did not the Danes , from this very circumstance , particularly recommend themselves to the respect of a generous enemy ? —It was attempted , too , to justify the expedition from the hostile spirit which actuated both the government and people of Denmark against this country . But if this hostile spirit was not to be cured by other means than by bombarding their capital , why did they not also demolish those fortifications which enabled them still to shut the Baltic against our navigation ? Why did they 366 leave their batteries and the castle of Cronstadt standing ? Why did they thus forget their object , and leave