be impossible in such times to carry on a foreign trade at all . But even admitting this , he would yet say , that when the hon . gent . had complained of such licences , as being unconstitutional , he should have adverted to the circumstance of an act having been passed in the 43d of the king , authorising such grants of licences . As an illustration of the difficulty arising out of this distinction of legality or he would adduce art instance of 300 licences being granted within a certain period of time . Now , according to the present wording of the motion , those 300 could not be laid before the house till they had been submitted to the revision of the privy council , and till the privy council had decided which were in their opinion legal or illegal . He wished , therefore , to obvi- 188 ate this difficulty by omitting this distinction , and moving for the production of licences granted within stated times . As to what the hon . member had said he should make the subject of his second motion , namely , the fees granted to the officers of the privy council , he thought , that in general stated fees were much less liable to abuse than gratuities , which he should in every department whatever be prepared to set his face against . As to the precise nature of the fees of office on the granting of licences , the fees amounted , for a whole cargo , to merely 14l . including the stamp duty , which amounted to 1l . 10s . ; of which 14 pounds , 91 . 4s . 6d . was paid for the sign manual , 2l . to the principal clerk , and 1l . 10s . distributed among the other inferior officers , and 2s . 6d . to the office-keeper . In stating this he would repeat , that there was nothing which he was more anxious to put a check to than the system of gratuities . He would join with any gentleman in annexing to it any punishment seasonably rigorous . He would go so far as to subject it to the penalties of a simple felony . For there was no one existing abuse he was so anxious to put a stop to . He had no other motive in suggesting these alterations to the hon . gent . than to put him in the best way of coming at the information he sought for , which he believed could not be so readily obtained by the motion as it originally stood ; for the very merchants who solicited for licences were in many instances totally independent of those licences , though , for a very justifiable caution , they had applied for such licences . replied to the general observations of the right hot . gent . as affecting the distinction of the legality or illegality of the licences , and denied that the 43d of the king , as cited by the right hon . gent . applied , because the object of that act related merely to a temporary suspension of the navigation act . defended the necessity of this discretionary power being vested in the privy council , and said that the object of all such orders was to ease the subject under the operation of the strict letter of the law . He took this opportunity of repeating his doubts of the propriety or necessity of asking parliament for an indemnity , with respect to the orders in council , in as much as it did not appear that in this instance more had been done than had been done before , and in a manner legalized by the act already al- 189 luded to.—After some further conversation it was finally agreed , that the two motions should be to the following purport : 1 . `` That , an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that there be laid before this house ,