his duty , was compelled , to prevent the right hon . gent . from proceeding . maintained that his right hon . friend , by a rigorous exercise of the orders of the house , had been deprived of an opportunity of refuting a charge preferred against him . addressed the house nearly in the following terms : —My conduct having been brought before the judgment of the house , accompanied with no indistinct charge of partiality , I trust I shall be excused for offering a few words to the house on the subject . It has ever been the usage of the house , and it has been found a most convenient usage , to permit questions to be asked , tending to facilitate the arrangement of business . An occurrence of this nature took place this day . The noble lord put a question to a right hon . gent . to which question an answer was given . A right hon . gent . then rose , whose knowledge of the forms and customs of the house induced me to presume , that he would not pass beyond the limits which the occasion prescribed . I find no difficulty in saying , more especially as that right hon . gent . has himself made the acknowledgment , that before the termination of his address , he did pass those limits . The language which that right honourable gent . used called up a right hon . gent . on the opposite side , who replied to him . At that moment several hon . members rose . Had that which then took place not occurred , I frankly state I should have felt it my duty to have put an end to the conversation ; but when one of the hon . gentlemen who rose distinctly spoke of the conversation , no choice was left me on the subject . I therefore interrupted the conversation , and on proceeding to read the orders of the day , a question being open , the right hon . gent . rose in his place , and declared that which he had just stated . This was the proceeding as accurately as I can relate it to the house . I appeal to their judgment whether my conduct is liable to the charge of partiality . It may be so , but if it is I own I am not conscious of it . Having been four times raised by the free choice 1172 of the house to the Chair which I now occupy , and in which I have sat for 7 years , I have the consolation to reflect , that this is the first time that any imputation of such a nature has been ascribed to me . I hope that as long as it is the pleasure of the house that I should occupy the honourable situation which I now hold , I may remain free from such an imputation . It is for the house to judge whether I am so free or not ; and it is for the house to declare whether they will in future allow the continuance of that usage which has given rise to the present occurrence . When I am instructed what is their pleasure , it will be my duty to conform to those instructions , and to enforce obedience to them , as well as to all the other orders of the house . The house will , I am sure , pardon me for detaining their attention so long on a subject which I own has deeply pained me , although I am not conscious in the course which I have pursued , of having deservedly incurred the censure having bestowed on me.— [ Loud and reiterated cries from all parts of the house of hear ! hear ! ] thought the discussion would not be satisfactorily terminated , unless the house came to some declaration of their opinion . He rose , therefore , for the purpose of submitting a resolution expressive of the high sense which the house entertained of the services