conduct , which he was conscious were wholly unfounded . The transaction he alluded to , was the removal of a Mr. Giffard from a place which he held in the revenue office in Ireland . He was only anxious to offer a candid statement of the matter , as it really stood , and that statement , he trusted , would fully vindicate his character , as far as it was implicated in this matter . The noble earl then observed , that he would not insist on reading extracts from the letters of the noble secretary of state on this subject , as that , he understood , would be objected to ; but he believed he was . at liberty to read extracts from his own letters in answer to those of the noble secretary . The noble earl then read a variety of extracts from his correspondence in 1805 , with the noble secretary ( lord Hawkesbury ) , respecting the business of the catholic petition , and the measures which the Irish government was 1078 instructed to pursue , in order to prevent any irritation of the public mind upon that question . From these extracts it appeared , that the catholics held private meetings to concert the best mode of preparing and presenting their petition , the result of which they had never published . The whole of their meetings and proceedings were presided over by a noble lord ( Fingal ) , to the candour , moderation , and temper of whose conduct , throughout the whole of this business , he should be ever happy to bear the testimony such conduct deserved . In order to give effect to the instructions of government , he had consulted with all the leading men in Dublin , and had their approbation of the measure he thought it prudent to adopt . The under-secretary of government had even been instructed to send a confidential person to Mr. Giffard , and to acquaint him with the wishes of his majesty 's government respecting the catholic petition ; more particularly specifying those wishes , by informing him , that no discussion should be agitated in Dublin on the question , until it had previously come before , and been decided on by parliament . Mr. G. had early and repeated admonitions on this point , but no consideration , he said , should deter him from giving `` a licking to the papists . '' He accordingly made the most violent and offensive speeches in the common council of Dublin against the catholics , which were felt to be exceedingly injurious by the catholics , and which , in his opinion , were wholly irreconcileable with the wishes and instructions of government . In order to prove the sincerity of the wishes of the noble secretary , and in compliance with what he conceived to be his own duty , he removed Mr. G. from the situation he held under government , not however without repeated admonitions to desist from every inflammatory proceeding . It was true , that some time after , in May , the noble secretary expressed some regret at that measure , as it seemed to have given offence to some protestant Irish gentlemen then in England . Whether the opinions of those gentlemen were right or wrong he should not now enquire ; -but he imagined that the situation he then held , afforded as fair an opportunity of judging of the situation of Ireland , as any of those gentlemen could possibly have had . He had interpreted the instructions of government in the best manner . his judgment enabled him to do ; and he had not acted , 1079 as had been insinuated , with any harsh precipitation towards Mr. G. In order to prove these assertions , he should now move , `` That there be laid before the house , extracts of the correspondence which took place between the noble secretary of state and himself , respecting the manner in which it was thought proper to act in Ireland with respect to the measure of the catholic