inefficacy of a war of justice against injustice , and to proclaim this dangerous and degrading doctrine to the World , that England was warranted and resolved to employ the worst weapons used by France , for the purpose of overcoming what it called French iniquity . in calling the attention of their lordships to this subject , observed , that the important question now for their consideration was , whether that system of mercantile policy under which the commerce prosperity of this country had so greatly increased until the issuing of the Orders in Council , should at once be done away , and the whole commerce of the country put to hazard , for the sake of the novel and dangerous principles contained in the Orders in Council . Upon this measure he was compelled to argue without the species of information which ought to have been before the house , namely , that which could be given by the merchants and manufacturers whose interests would be 1236 affected by it , but which their lordships had refused to hear . Amongst this class of persons the measure was generally condemned . It had been said , however , that several merchants highly approved of these Orders . This , he thought , required explanation . The manufacturers who contributed so essentially to the prosperity of the country , immediately felt their effects , in the suspension of orders , and the stagnation of their trade ; but there were merchants who engaged in foreign commerce , and having a large stock of foreign commodities on their hands , would feel that the suspension of foreign commerce would greatly enhance the price of the articles on hand , and thus largely increase their profits ; they might , therefore , approve of these Orders , inasmuch as they were beneficial to their particular interests ; but to the commerce of the country generally , the measure must be ruinous . He was wholly at a loss to conceive what benefit could arise from it . It had been said on a former evening , by a noble and learned lord , that the object of it was , so to distress France , as to force her to come to terms ; but how was that object to be effected ? We might free neutrals to come into our ports ; we might prevent all direct trade with the enemy , by means of the superiority of our navy ; but then France , by her military superiority upon the continent , might interdict all commerce with the ports of the continent that was carried on through this country . Neutral trade would then be destroyed , and the commerce of this country deeply and totally injured . It had been said , however , that trade might still be carried on in a manner more easily understood than could with propriety be expressed ; was it then to be urged , that the trade of this country was to be carried on by means of smuggling , and was it not easy to conceive that precautions might be adopted in France to prevent that species of trade ? Had ministers reflected upon the consequences of this measure to our West India colonies ? Instead of giving them relief , it would still further oppress them . Already more sugar came from thence than could be consumed in this country , and to this was now to be added the sugar of the Brazils and of the enemy 's colonies . Where was a continental market to be found for all this produce ? And supposing there to be a market , still the produce of the enemies colonies and of the Brazils would have the preference , because it 1237 would be known by those who imported it here that none of it could be consumed in this country , and thus our own planters would remain without relief . Had they reflected upon the consequences to the American trade , and through that to the trade of this country ? Taking the exports of America at