he gave him notice that he would again vote for the production of those papers which he had before made motions to obtain . felt compassion for the right hon . gentlemen opposite , whom he beheld in the pitiable situation of being called upon now to vote for what they had rejected but two or three weeks since . This was the first instance in which such a proceeding had taken place in parliament . The right hon . gent . had first resisted the production of the papers on public grounds , and afterwards when called for on private grounds , for the justification of his noble friend ( lord Howick ) ; but now that the right hon . gent . 's own character was touched , he was ready to produce the papers . He was glad the right hon . gent . at length shewed such a laudable attention to character , and thought it worth preserving . But , leaving private character out of the question , he saw no reason why more attention should be paid to the character of the right hon . gent . than to that of his noble predecessor , who had served his maj. in the same office , with as much fidelity , as the right hon . gent . The effect of the proceeding of the right hon . gent . would be to shew that that house was the instrument of the secretary of state . Had any thing occurred since the former vote , to shew that there was less danger in the production of the papers now than at that period ? The character of Mr. Garlike , to whom public character must be so dear , could not be justified but by the production of all the papers . If right . hon . gent . should not consent to that , he would compromise the character of the house by the refusal . Let the house sec in that the danger of raising men too high , let them see the degraded and disgraced state to which they would be reduced , and which would sink them in the estimation of their country , and perhaps of the sovereign himself . ( A loud cry of order . ) declared his disapprobation of the course pursued by the right hon . gent . ; and for this reason , because he appeared to be expressing an opinion of the sovereign on the conduct of an individual in that house . was not conscious of having any such intention , but having been interrupted in the chain of what he had to state to the house , declined proceeding , declaring that nothing had occurred in the 758 few last weeks to justify the alteration of the course then adopted by the house . The vote of the 8th of was then read , on the motion of Mr. Adam ; and the Speaker decided , that if the paper now moved for was that which had been in the former instance rejected , the house could not now vote for it , but it would be for the house to judge how far the present paper was more or less than that which had been refused in that case.—After a short conversation upon the subject of order , relative to comments upon the expressions of Mr. Tierney , which had not been taken down , but which the Speaker decided might be made the subject of comment by way of explanation , though not the ground of a decision of the house . said , he was at a loss to know whether the gentlemen opposed or supported the motion of his right hon . friend , [ it was intimated across the table that they supported it . ] Then , he could not see how his learned friend 's question upon the order , by , requiring the entry of the vote of the 8th of Feb. to be read , could be construed into a support of the motion . The house would perceive , that the production