'' Now the words `` except those which be of our enmity '' are utterly inconsistent with a general state of peace ; because they are employed to confine the privilege to those not at war , which would be wholly inapplicable , except when the kingdom was at peace with some nations and at war with others . There are , other statutes , ( four or five in number ) in the time of Edw . iii . but as they are expressed in the very same terms , it is unnecessary to cite them for this part of the case , which goes only to establish that Magna Charta and all the other statutes not only have their effect when the country is at 963 war with some nations and at peace with others , but can have no possible application to any other state of things . With regard to the meaning of the words , `` unless before publicly prohibited , '' I need not trouble your lordships with any arguments , because it is expressly laid down by lord Coke , in his commentary on Magna Charta , that the public prohibition can only be the prohibition of parliament.—The next point therefore , is , what are the privileges so given to merchant strangers in amity , in a time of war with other countries which parliament alone can take away ? My lords , the words are so express that I do not know how to raise an argument on their construction , or how to make them plainer by reading them . By Magna Charta they are to have safe conduct to come into England , to stay , and to return with their merchandize . By 14 Edw . III . they are , without let , to come into England with their Merchandize , and safely tarry and return . The 18th of the same king enacts , 'that the sea be open to all manner of merchants to pass with their merchandize where it shall please them : ' And by 28 Edw . iii . c. 13 , sec . 3 , it is enacted , 'that no manner of ship , which is fraught towards England or elsewhere , be compelled to come to any port of England , nor here to abide against the will of the masters and mariners of the same , or of the merchants whose goods they be . ' And then , after giving them a free market upon the accustomed duties , it goes on—'So that the masters , mariners , and merchants , after they have sold that which pleaseth them of the said goods , and paid thereof the custom , may freely depart , and go with their ships , and all the remnant of their goods , whither it shall please them , without custom thereof to be paid ; and that none , of what condition that he be , shall disturb any ship charged with merchandize , to come to any port of England , but to the port where the masters , mariners , and merchants , will first , of their free will , arrive ; nor , after they have arrived , shall meddle with the sale of the same merchandizes , nor disturb the merchants , nor their servants , that they may not themselves , by their own hands , according as to them best may seem for their profit , sell and deliver their merchandizes , at what time , and to whom it shall best them please ; and if any set disturbance , he shall incur a grievous forfeiture to the king , accord 964 ing to the quantity of the trespass . '—This last act is not printed amongst those I alluded to , and it appears to have been confirmed in the reign of Rd . ii . in these remarkable words , 'Notwithstanding any ordinances to the contrary ; ' upon which I can put no other construction , than that there had been ordinances repugnant to these statutes , which are thereby