approved of an action which he so much extolled ; but then , he must suppose that noble lord had been made acquainted with those particulars , and that information , which he thought the whole house was entitled to have , nay , ought to have , before they came to a resolution for the approval of such a measure . The noble duke said , he did not wish it to be understood that he meant to condemn the expedition ; for , perhaps , if he was as well informed as he presumed the noble lord must be , he might be as great an advocate for it as the noble lord himself ; but until he had sufficient reason , he could not bring his mind to approve of attacking a power with whom we had been so long in amity , and who had given so many instances of attachment to this country ; and therefore , as no information was either offered or promised , he should move as an Amendment to the Address , `` That the whole paragraph approving the late expedition to Denmark should he omitted . '' There were other parts that he did not entirely approve , but he would not detain their lordships by animadverting upon them at present , and therefore concluded by moving the above amendment . began with expressing his regret , that the speech had not been so constructed as to ensure the unanimity of all parties . He lamented that ministers had not abstained from introducing topics upon which a difference of opinion was likely to prevail . He fully agreed with the noble baron , who seconded the motion , that it was desirable in the highest degree , that all minor contests should be absorbed in the great contest in which we were engaged . He lamented exceedingly , that he found it impossible to concur in the expressions of approbation which were unfortunately introduced in the address ; but he could not , consistently with his duty to his sovereign , or his respect for his own character , concur in approving what had taken place at Copenhagen , without further information . On that momentous measure , he trusted ministers would yet be able to lay such documents before the house as would justify an enter-prize deeply involving the honour and character of the nation . The noble earl had set out with stating , that Denmark , for several years past , had indicated an hostile disposition towards this country . In what were these indications manifested ? Were they indicated in the conduct of that power when the British fleet entered the Baltic ? At that time the Danish army was in Holstein ; prepared to resist the French , or any other power that should attempt to violate their neutrality . Was the Danish navy prepared either to make or repel an attack ? He should be told , that the quantity of naval stores collected in the arsenal of Copenhagen was a proof of the hostile intentions of that court . These , it was said , were collected on account of France , and for French purposes . But these could not have been the motives of the expedition to the Baltic . When did this perfect understanding between Denmark and France take place ? Was it before or after the peace of Tilsit ? The Definitive Treaty between France and Russia was signed on the 8th of July , and lord Gambier entered the Baltic on the 3d of August . This circumstance was sufficient to prove that ministers did not act upon any information they had obtained of the secret engagements entered into between France and Russia , and in which they would have it to be understood Denmark concurred . To justify , therefore , the attack upon Copenhagen , it ought to have been proved that the danger was a danger of great magnitude , and such as could not be warded off 14 by any other means ; for , certainly , the calamity inflicted was not proportioned to