of American citizens . did not attend the meeting , because conceiving it to be called especially for the purpose of petitioning , and being of a contrary opinion , he esteemed himself excluded . had transactions with Ame- 1062 rica , and also lands there , of course he esteemed himself entitled to attend the : meeting . said , that persons connected with the Spanish colonies could , not be fit persons to attend such a meeting . The room was absolutely filled with persons not interested in the American trade , and some gentlemen even brought down their clerks to increase the number . thought , if thanks were due to the worthy baronet who started the present discussion , they were much more due to his hon . friend ( Mr. A. Baring ) who had : furnished the house with so . many important facts relating to the meeting ; particularly , that it consisted , in a great measure , of persons not interested in the trade , and that the mover and seconder of the amendment , so far from thinking the Orders in Council to have displayed wisdom , treated them as foolish and impracticable . He put it to an hon . baronet ( sir Peele ) to say if there were not thousands of manufacturers at this moment without employment , or only with half employment ? said that this was not attributable to the Orders in Council , but to the measures or rather no-measures of the late ministers . said , what our manufacturers complained of was , that being distressed from other causes , their situation was made irremediable by these Orders of Council . He should , on a future occasiod , bring the state of Ireland , in consequence of these Orders in Council , before the house . It was impossible that America should be ignorant of the great quantity of flax-seed , the grand staple of Ireland , which she got from that country . The petition was then ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Alderman Combo moved , that the prayer of the petition for hearing counsel be granted . The Speaker stated , that by the forms of the house no two steps on the petition could be taken in one night . Mr. Combe then moved , that the petition be taken into further consideration to-morrow . Mr. Perceval wished it to be postponed , on account of the other important business which stood for that day . Mr. Combe said , he had discharged his duty , and he should not press . it unnecessarily on the house . said , that he had a petition from the merchants of Liverpool to the same purport as that of hon . alderman . It was against the Orders in Council . He would take care not to fall into 1063 the error of the hon . aldeman ; but move that it be taken into Consideration , with a view to propose Monday as the day . Observed , that though he was as desirous of popularity as any man , yet he would not compromise his duty on that account . He thought himself bound to declare , that the majority of his constituents were averse to measures that served only to embarrass government . said , that the hon . general had fallen into a greater error than his hon . friend . The third reading of the bill stood for this day ; and according to the proposed plan of proceeding , the measure might be out of the power of the house before the petition was presented . He asked , in what situation would the house he placed , in case the evidence should convince the house that the measure was a wrong One ? spoke to order , and the Speaker concurred with him , that the question then was merely , whether counsel should be heard in support of the petition ? observed , that his constituents who were in town had only got the petition that morning , and had had