a member of that house , yet he did not wish to have the field opened for others . He considered the clause as a virtual violation of the letter and spirit of the 22d of the King , which excluded from the house all public contractors . Ministers avowed , that this clause was merely to protect the Bank from the operation of that statute . They were already protected by another law ; it was , therefore , superfluous . defended the clause as being precisely the same as had been always adopted in bills of this nature . The idea of influence such as rendered men incapable of sitting in the house of commons on account of contracts , could not apply to the purchasers of exchequer bills , unless 463 they were what might be called brokers of them . opposed the clause , and said that the house should be jealous of all possible encroachments upon its purity and constitutional independence ; and in compliance with the spirit of that act which excluded from parliament all public contractors , ministers were called on in proof of their sincerity , not to insist on retaining a nugatory clause for a purpose already provided for by another law . was of the same opinion . He gave a history of the act of 1782 by which contractors were disabled from sitting in parliament . The part of the bill which made exceptions in favour of the directors of the bank and other public bodies , Was adopted on his suggestion . He thought the clause in question an unnecessary act of power , which would create jealousy in the public , and produce no good whatever , for the bill would be complete wihout it ; and therefore he recommended it to be left out . admitted , that he saw at present no strong reason for retaining the clause , nor was he aware , until this night , that it was liable to any , strong objections . However , he was willing to adjourn the further proceedings until to-morrow . He should , in the mean time , re-consider the subject , and if he saw no sufficient reason for retaining the clause , he should not then oppose its expunction.—The third reading was accordingly postponed . pursuant to notice , rose to move , `` That there be laid before the house , an Account of all sums of money which have been issued to any persons between the 5th of Jan. 1793 , and 5th of Jan. 1802 , out of his majesty 's Exchequer , or by the Paymaster of the Forces , without other account than such as should be rendered thereof to his majesty , or to the lords commissioners of his majesty 's Treasury for the time being , specifying the persons to whom , the times when , and the services for which all such sums have been issued ; together with a list of the persons who have rendered accounts of any of the said sums to the lords of the treasury , specifying the times when such accounts were respectively delivered , 464 and the times when any , and which of such accounts , have been passed . '' This was part of a motion which he had made in the last session , though he had , on the suggestion of the difficulty of making out the account in its more extended form , consented to narrow his motion in that instance . As it was material that the house should be in possession of every information respecting that part of the public expenditure to which his motion referred , he felt it to be his duty to bring it forward at this early , period of the session in the whole extent of his original proposition . As he was not aware of any objection that could be made to the production of the papers he called for , he should barely submit his motion to the house . A conversation of some length took place on the question being put ,