sir Rd . Strachan to lord Gardner , and the admiralty , complaining of the destitute state in which he had been left upon so important and harassing a duty , as well as the accounts given in those letters of the then state of the squadron under that officer 's command ; these , he was sorry to say , had been refused him , and reasons for that refusal he was yet to learn . The hon . gent . then concluded with moving for the lowing papers . `` 1 . A List of the ships which were under the orders of rear-admiral-sir Rd . Strachan , on the 1st Dec. 1st Jan. and 1st Feb. last , stating against each ship the day when she last sailed from port , and the time for which she was then victualled . 2 . Copies of all the several Accounts ( commonly called Weekly accounts ) which have been received at the admiralty , or by admiral lord Gardner , slewing the state and conditions of the ships under the orders of rear-admiral sir Rd . Strachan , between the 1st Nov. and 31st Jan. last . 3 . Copies , or extracts , of all Letters received by the admiralty , or by admiral lord Gardner , from rear-admiral sir Rd . Strachan , dated in Nov. Dec. and Jan. last , which relate to the state of the water and provisions on board the squadron under his orders , or which may have described the actual or probable necessity of his putting the crews of the ships upon short allowance thereof , and of the replies thereto . 4 . An Account shewing the time that the squadron under the orders of rear-admiral sir Rd . Strachan , or any of the ships belonging to it , was at short allowance of water and provisions , in Nov. Dec. and Jan. last ; and to what proportions , and in what articles , the usual allowance to the crews had been reduced ; and copies of any orders which had been given by the rear-admiral for that pur- 883 pose . 5 . Copies , or extracts , of all Letters received by the admiralty , or by admiral lord Gardner , from rear-admiral sir Rd . Strachan , stating any reason which made it necessary for him to quit his station before the port of Rochfort , prior to the sailing of the French squadron from that port , in Jan. last ; and likewise the copies , or extracts , of all letters stating any reasons which have made it necessary for him , subsequent thereto , to take provisions and water out of the ships cruizing off Ferrol . '' professed an inclination to grant every paper that could with propriety be given . The whole of the letters of sir R. Strachan to lord Gardner and admiral Young , could not with propriety be given , as they detailed the course which the commander of the blockading squadron thought it best , under such circumstances , to pursue . He had not seen the motions till he had entered the house . They had not been sent to the admiralty , nor any where else , for the information of the persons entrusted with the particular department , to consider how far it would be proper to comply with them . By the latest accounts received from sir Richard Strachan , which were dated Jan 18 , it would be found that , on dividing the supplies , each line-of-battle ship had ten weeks bread , and 13 or 14 weeks meat , with a like quantity of every other necessary , and six weeks and five days water . The frigates were still better supplied than the ships of the line . The Mediator was not a transport , but a large man of war ; the order for fitting her out was issued on Dec. 4 , but it was impossible , from the tempestuous weather , to prepare her till the 21st of that month . The same cause