their sovereignty , have been prudent and successful in their character of merchants ? In an evil hour for themselves , they departed from the only occupation it was possible for them to understand . Look at their situation in Leaden-Hall Street . There you see them overwhelmed with debts , and in arrear to government even for the duties on their teas , the only article they can sell ; loaded with enormous establishments , which it is impossible for them to defray otherwise than by running more and more into debt , and with a multitude of other demands upon them , active and growing every day , and against which they have nothing to set up but an accumulation of dead or dormant property , locked up and rotting in their warehouses for want of a sale ; which does not however prevent their constantly taking up more and more ships at an intolerable expence of freight and charges , to bring home more cargoes of the same quality , and to take away all chance or even the possibility of selling what they have already in England . Add 1299 to all this , that every shilling of their capital is gone . And will this house never ask , by whose fraud or misconduct , by whose treachery or whose folly , all this mass of mischief has accumulated ? Have we been taken by surprise ? Have the India Company till very lately been quite unaware of their situation ? Has no warning voice been heard in this house ? Have no powerful appeals been made to the public in writing on this subject ? Yes , sir , some of the worthy directors have now and then gently hinted at the mismanagement of their governments , and at the misconduct of their servants in India , over whom they had no controul . But these intimations were rare and feeble , in comparison with the information given us by an hon . friend of mine ( Sir Philip Francis ) who is no longer a member of this house . From year to year to year as the mischiefs increased his speeches kept pace with them . From year to year , I might almost say from day to day , his talents and his industry were employed in exposing the fatal folly of that destructive system , which has been adopted by your government in India , and encouraged and protected in England , and the ruinous consequences which would result from it . His performance of this invidious duty was not confined to his speeches here . His writings addressed to the public predicted every thing that has happened ; writings , sir , as remarkable for the clearness , the purity , and precision of their style , as they are for the comprehensive knowledge they contain of the subjects on which they treated ; and I believe , sir , it would be as difficult to find a person , who has displayed in your Indian affairs more ability , more perseverance , and more integrity , as it would be to find another instance of a man , who has deserved more of his country , and whose merits have been so ill rewarded , as those of the hon . gent . I allude to.— Now , sir , on a full consideration of the injustice which has marked the conduct of the noble lord in Oude , the harshness with which the nabob has been treated , and the cruel circumstances of galling aggravation with which it has been accompanied , and above all , sir , on the effect which it has produced in the minds of the native powers in India , I feel entirely disposed to agree with the noble lord who has brought forward this motion , for every reparation or restitution which the circumstances of the case will admit of.—The security of the British domination in India depends greatly on opinion , and 1300 therefore I shall be ready to support this and every other measure , that may tend to