to an individual , were bound to repair it as far as lay in their power . was desirous that ministers should not be fettered . The gentlemen opposite seemed to wish that we should give the sword to our enemy , and content ourselves with the scabbard . did not think that the resistance to the present motion rested on the same grounds as the resistance to the motion of Wednesday last . Although he voted for ministers on that day , common justice would compel him to vote for the hon . gent . on the present occasion . was glad to hear the challenge thrown out by the other side . As to a vote of censure , he should be happy to vote two censures ; the one on the disrespectful manner in which all information relative to the Danish expedition had been withheld from the house ; the other on the expedition itself . He contended strenuously for the production of the papers moved for by his hon . friend . Before the meeting of parliament he had made up his mind to support his majesty 's ministers on the subject of the expedition to Copenhagen ; fully expecting that they would be able to prove , either that a collusion existed between Denmark and France , or that Denmark could not have resisted the 395 compulsion of France . Neither of these points had been established ; and with regard to the first particularly , he pledged himself , when the subject was resumed , to make it incontrovertibly manifest , that there never had been any collusion whatever . said , he thought the motion ought to be acceded to on every principle of fairness and justice ; and so convinced was he of the partiality and injustice of reading garbled papers , that if no other person accepted the challenge given to that side of the house , he would himself bring forward a motion , for a vote of censure ; though from the slight connection he had in the house , and the short time he had been a member of it , he could not boast even so much parliamentary courage as to flatter himself with success , and could wish it to fall into abler hands . congratulated the house on the idea , that whether they lost the motion or not , it would have the good effect of preventing the right hon . gentleman from again making use of garbled letters . The chancellor of the exchequer had clearly shewn , that he had never had a cause in a court of justice in which he found it so difficult to defend his client ; for all he could say in his behalf was , that he did not mean to draw that inference which others had done for him . The right hon . gent . had said , does the noble lord mean to say , that I have cast any imputation on him , by reading his letter ? ' He would answer for the noble lord , yes , —the imputation of holding one language while in office , and another when out of it , and in so doing palming an imposition on that house and the public . Ministers and the noble lord were , then , at issue : produce the paper . Was there any public inconvenience arising from it ? He would answer boldly , no ; it had not even been pretended that there was the most distant risk of it . Ministers were willing to give Mr. Rist 's letter , because it might serve their purpose on another occasion , but that which made against them they withheld . The right hon . secretary hat said on Wednesday last , that whenever he saw the footsteps of those incapable servants he turned round to avoid them , as a path to be shunned ; he wished , however , the right hon . gent . would imitate them in their candour and fairness . He had seemed to think he was dealt hardly by