entered upon a discussion of the effects of the Order in Council of the 7th of Jane in pursuance of their plan of avoiding the subject more particularly before them . But the proposition of his noble friend had nothing to do with that , nor with the late Orders in Council generally . It only related to them so far as they affected our relations with America , and to his point his noble friend had confined himself , in arguing , that they would be attended with the most pernicious consequences to this country . The evidence which had been given at the bar , had been called by ministers ingenious speculations . Whether the assertions of ministers , who said that these Orders would be beneficial to our commerce , or the evidence of those practically concerned , who affirmed , that they would be destructive to it , were most to be relied on , he would leave their lordships to decide . But his noble friend had only adverted to that evidence for the sake of a fact , which had been proved beyond the possibility of contradiction ; that the intelligence of the Orders in Council had reached America previous to the embargo . Since the fact had been known to one individual , it must have been in the possession of the commercial interest in general , and have reached America through a variety of Channels , and this he understood actually to have been the case . The embargo must have been the consequence ; for it was impossible , that the decrees of France could ap- 1281 pear of such consequence to America , as to induce her to undergo the hardships which she must feel from this measure . It was a matter of substantive charge , too , against ministers , that they had not explained the Order of the 7th of Jan. to the Americans , so far as related to the discharge of cargoes at one port , and taking in others at other ports . They knew the meaning of the Order in this respect , and if they had been desirous of conciliating America , they would have explained it . With regard to the treaty lately negotiated , that was now before the house , and the members of the late-government would be ready to enter upon the discussion of its merits , when the subject should be specifically brought under consideration . The manner in which the negotiation on that treaty had been put an end to was most intemperate and absurd . Nothing had been more common than to suspend ratification , in order , if possible , to have something adder , omitted , or altered . The instances of this were innumerable ; and he affirmed , that no men of sound judgment , being at the same time desirous of conciliation , could have put an end to the negotiation in the manner ministers had done . He was glad that now , however ; the conviction began to prevail among the people , and even with the government , that the neutrality of America was advantageous to this country . Every one knew with what industry ridiculous opinions had been circulated , that we should lose less by a war wish America than we did by her neutrality , because our commerce was carried on in her shipping instead of our own . The very advantage to us was , that our commerce was by means of American shipping carried on with the enemies colonies and ports , into which British ships would not be admitted . He would not enter into the particulars of the calamities which might result from a war with America in our present situation ; the has of our trade with the continent ; the loss of the supplies to the West Indies ; the loss to our own home manufactures , & c. ; but it was obvious , that it would be a most serious calamity . Still , he advised no concession inconsistent with the honour of the country ,