Resolution , because his majesty 's Declaration charged Denmark with having entered into an hotile confederacy against this country , and with having defended that hostility by declaring that she was compelled to do so by the threats of a great neighbouring power . He had inquired into this subject , and lie had been told , . perhaps erroneously , that the court of Denmark never did send such apology for the abandonment of its neutrality . He was desirous to know the truth of the fact , and lie could not conceive what objection could be made to the production of these papers , if they actually existed . The transaction had taken place about six or 7 years ago ; there could be no apprehension of disclosing any source of secret intelligence ; nor any thing could be discovered which the Declaration had not asserted—that assertion he did not believe to be founded on fact . He had shaped another Resolution , for the purpose of ascertaining what information had been received by his majesty 's ministers respecting the conduct of Denmark , with respect ' to its naval force . He was desirous , that all the reports made during the last year by the king 's resident at Copenhagen , as to the steps taken by the Danes for augmenting , their marine , manning their fleet , & c. should be laid before the house ; because , if Denmark were really hostile to this country , and were disposed to unite with France and Russia against us , she would unquestionably have exerted herself to put her naval force in a state of respectability . The practice in Denmark with regard to their marine , lie understood to be this : the Danish sailors were . obliged to inscribe their names in certain offices , so that the Danish government knew at all times , pretty nearly , the amount of sailors in their dominions , as , if the sailors -quitted Denmark , they were obliged to state in what ship they went , anti by these means , the government knew the number of their sailors and their distribution in the different parts of the world , to which they were carried by the mercantile marine of Denmark . The extent of Danish commerce , and the distant voyages un- 255 dertaken by the Danish sailors , rendered it impossible for the Danish government to man a considerable fleet at a short notice . it was not as in England , where , owing to the immense number of our sailors , and the extent of our commerce , we were enabled by impressment and other means , to fit out and man a powerful fleet in a few weeks . Denmark to do this must await the arival of her merchant fleets . If , therefore , Denmark had actually meditated hostility against Great Britain , it was impossible to conceive that she would not have demonstrated that lurking intention before the period of lord Gambier 's arrival in the Sound . He asked therefore , if his majesty 's resident at Copenhagen had sent any advices to this effect ? His majesty 's ministers had told him , that they meant to refuse an answer ; he hoped . the house would not agree with them . He also wished to know , if reports had been received by his majesty 's ministers from any naval officer employed in the Baltic during the last year , relative to an augmentation of the naval force of Denmark . It was matter of public notoriety , that during the last year scarcely a week elapsed in which some naval officer of skill and reputation had not passed the Sound , in consequence of our intercourse with Sweden , with Russia , and even with Prussia , until the power of that country had been demolished , It was hardly possible that any extraordinary naval preparations could have been made at Copenhagen , without their having been noticed by the expert and experienced officers to Whom I he alluded . If this