truth , a systematic outrage of humanity and justice ; in a word , a contempt of every principle of private morality and public law . though sensible of the just rebuke of the right hon . secretary upon himself and his colleagues ; that they 751 were grown dry in the debate ; that they were quiet exhausted in language , and required the Promethean fire of the Moniteur to rekindle them into activity ; could never admit that any such imputation was ever likely to attach to the right hon . secretary himself No ; that right hon . gent 's ideas were SO numerous that they could not in a moment be put in array . The man who had few ideas could easily summon them into action , particularly when by perpetual practice they were drilled in , all the evolutions of the disputant . The right hon . gent . was such an economist in thoughts , and such a prodigal in words , that he could feel no embarrassment in debate . He could upon any occasion bring forward that chain of words which jingled in the ear , but which rarely affected the understanding , and never approached the heart ; and some of his partisans might call it eloquence.—The right hon . gent . animadverted , in terms of peculiar pungency , upon the several parts of the right hon . secretary 's speech . He particularly pointed out his disposition to quote garbled extracts to suit his object ; which he illustrated by referring to the quotation of the right hon . secretary this evening , from the declaration of his majesty relative to Denmark . The right hon . secretary only quoted a line which spoke of his majesty 's 'too long forbearance and moderation : ' but he declined to read the whole passage , which spoke of 'the exertion of the powers of the country which were called for at this crisis , and proportioned to the magnitude of the danger . ' What , however , he would ask , did this exertion of 'the powers of the country , ' & c. amount to ? Why , to the attacking of a neutral unprepared power , bombarding its capital , and taking away its fleet ! Did the right hon . secretary call this a great exertion of our power , or could he call it advantageous ? No ; for we had left behind us a country more hostile than it was before our theft was committed , and with means of hostility not very materially diminished . Was this , then , that signal and exemplary exertion of our power , of which ministers in their public declaration were so forward to boast ? The conduct of ministers in negotiating with Sweden for the occupation of Zealand after it should be evacuated by our army according to the capitulation , excited his astonishment . But the doubts they affected to entertain as to the terms of the capitulation were still more astonishing . How could they 752 suppose that gen. Pieman , whose command did not extend beyond Zealand , could conclude for the Danish government , or that he could covenant for the restoration of British property in other parts of the Danish territory ? But , the course of ministers towards Sweden , when it was proposed , in apparent conformity with the capitulation , to evacuate Zealand , and to which the motion alluded ; was of a most extraordinary character . The right hon . gent . wished and hoped that ministers would acquit themselves of the imputation which attached to this part of the transaction . It was , in fact , an act of much greater turpitude than the attack upon Copenhagen . It was , indeed , so considered throughout Europe ; and for the honour of the country , and of ministers themselves , it was highly desirable to contradict it . begged the indulgence of the house , merely to put a question , whether , if the Moniteur should make a charge against the