some notion of what really Were the sentiments of his majesty 's ministers upon the subject , of which they were now completely ignorant . From what , had fallen from the right hon . gent . in the progress of the former bill , it might have been inferred that ministers were favourable to it ; but from the minutes . of what had passed in the house of lords , a different conclusion might fairly be drawn . thought that the proceedings of the house of lords upon the former bill , went upon a principle which was unfavourable to all reform ; and the clauses which the chancellor Of the exchequer had 1267 this evening announced his intention of proposing , would not , in his opinion , tend in the smallest degree to remove the objections of those who had disapproved of the former bill , on the ground of its infringing the royal prerogative . The quantum of good to be obtained from the bill had also been much too lightly spoken of , When it appeared that certain persons possessed Offices in Reversion to the value of 20,000l a year , it would not be easy to convince the people , burthened as they were with taxation , that every thing had been done which ought to be done in the Way of economy . From the habits of some gentlemen , it was difficult for them to form an adequate idea of the sufferings of the people from the necessary taxes that they were obliged to pay . But if they had been accustomed to witness the distress of poor people , whom he had had occasion to see appealing against the property tax , he did not believe that they could have manifested so much aversion to a measure the economical results of which , though they might not be very considerable in their amount , would tend at least to alleviate the pressure of these burthens in the minds of those who were subjected to them . Not the least recommendation of the present measure to him was , that it was the commencement of a system of reform , which might be pursued to a much greater extent than many gentlemen seemed to be properly aware of ; and as a proof of what might be expected from it , he quoted the advantage which the public had already derived from the inquiry of the finance committee into the affairs of the Bank , by which taxes were spared to the amount of 200,000l . a year ; though he conceived that that was not more than one half of the benefit which , under all the circumstances , might have been fairly expected . considered the present Bill to be valuable as constituting a part of a general plan of reform , which he hoped would be pursued with zeal and constancy . He had seen what the people suffered from the burthens of necessary taxation , and while he lamented and sympathised with these sufferings , he had had great pleasure in witnessing the patience . with which they were supported . It was most desirable , however , that both houses of parliament should concur , for without an agreement of the two branches of the legislature , no Plan , however beneficial , could be carried into effect . He did not mean 1268 now to express any opinion respecting the clauses , which it was the intention of the chancellor of the exchequer to propose . If they were consistent with the object of the bill , they should have his Support , and if they were inconsistent with this object , he should vote against them , said that the bill should have his warm support . contended , that the clauses which the chancellor of the exchequer had intimated his intention of proposing would go completely to defeat the object of the bill ; but as they were not before the house , he declined entering into a particular discussion of their merits . He deprecated the idea of the house of commons