be carried on by British capital , and under the protection of the British navy ; and this too for the still further increase of produce , of which there was , unfortunately , too great an accumulation in our own colonies ? Every consideration of humanity , justice and policy required in his opinion , that ministers should have made the abolitions of the Slave Trade a previous condition to entering into any commercial engagement with the Portuguese government . observed , that the trade in the Portuguese colonial produce , had been previously carried on through the mother country , and the colony having become the seat of government , there was no principle upon which these commercial arrangements could have been refused . As to the Slave Trade , his opinion upon that subject was well known ; 735 but the abolition of that trade having become an act of the legislature , it became the duty , and it was the wish of the executive government , to carry that act into effect , and to use every means to carry into effect the object of the address to his majesty , with respect to inducing foreign powers to abolish that trade . The circumstances in which the Portuguese government had been placed , and the departure of that government for the Brazil , had hitherto precluded any attempt to enter into negociation with a view to attain that object . It was scarcely possible to prevent British capital from being embarked in this trade , carried on to the Brazils ; but no opportunity would be lost by the executive governments , in endeavouring to procure the consent of the Portuguese government to abolish the trade . It could not be expected of him to enter into any discussion upon the supposition of a refusal on the part of the Portuguese government to consent to such abolition.—The bill was then read a second time . made his promised motion relative to the illegality of the Orders in Council . He adverted to the point which he had before stated to the house , respecting a contradiction between the Order in Council of the 25th of Nov. and the act of the 7th Geo . III . c. 43 . By that act , certain enumerated articles were prohibited to be exported from the Isle of Man , under the penalty of the confiscation of the vessel . By the Orders in Council it was declared , that any articles might be exported from the Isle of Man to any ports except those of this country . This he conceived to be clearly a contravention of the statute . He did not mean to charge ministers with any thing else , but he thought it was incumbent on them to come to parliament for a bill of Indemnity . He trusted that against this the king 's war prerogative , of which much had lately been said , would not be urged , nor the right of retaliation . It might be said , that his objection was trifling ; but it should be remembered that it was the first fissure in a bank which let in the overflow , and thus the first contravention of the law , by the privy council , however trifling in itself , ought to be met in a decided manner , lest it might lead to consequences injurious to the constitution . His lordship concluded by moving a , Resolution , which , after stating the enactment of the act of the 7th Geo . 736 III . and the provision of the Order in Council respecting the Isle of Man , concluded by stating , that the latter was a manifest violation of the former . contended that the Order alluded to was not only not a breach of law , but actually within the comprehension of the very statute to which the noble earl applied the violation . observed , there was an end of the constitution of parliament , if the privy council assumed to itself the power of legislation . opposed the motion , and