peremptorily decline , whatever place for negociation you may designate , she will have an equal right to refuse . How are these disputes to be terminated , and which power is to concede this false point of honour ? Sir , I only hope that ministers may be more wise , than to think it necessary to abide by their own premature and intemperate declarations . I can not pass over the remainder of the note without some observation . The prince de Stahremberg is a person of consequence in his own country . Throughout Europe , he is known to be attached to the interests of England , and has even suffered , on account of his avowed attachment to her welfare , some indignities on the part of the French emperor . He is a man of high honour and reputation , and a person , for whom one should imagine , as well on his own account , as on account of the court of Vienna , which has been faithful to England under all circumstances , might have met with respect from his majesty 's ministers . But Mr. Canning having gone out of the way to offend him , by separating the person of the prince from the character of the Austrian ambassador , concludes his note by the most extraordinary declaration perhaps that ever was made at any time by any minister . It is this : the prince de Stahremberg ( so accredited from the 834 court of Vienna , and professing to act under the orders of that court in the communication he had made ) , and having in this very note received the exposition of the sentiments of the court of London , on the important subject of negociation between the belligerents , is expressly told , `` that he has no authority to speak in the name of his majesty to the government of France . '' To what end then has the whole been written ? Sir , it appears that the bitter and sarcastic language contained in this note was not intended to answer any practical purpose whatever , and that the only object of it was to offend the prince de Stahremberg , who had been guilty of the high crime of acting in obedience to the orders of his own court , and agreeably to the desire of that of France—I have now , sir , gone through the whole of the Austrian correspondence ; and can only say , that if ministers were determined that this offer of mediation should not issue in a negociation , and should not be productive of any avenue to negociation , in any way whatever , they could not have conducted themselves otherwise than they did ; and that if they had conducted themselves in any conceivable manner , different from that which they have done , a negociation must infallibly have been the consequence . I have only further to observe a little , upon one of the conditions stipulated both here , and in the Russian mediation , that of a preliminary basis : and I do so with a view of calling the attention of the house , and of the right hon . gent . himself , to his own opinions upon that subject.—For myself , I must always consider the demand of a precise basis , ( as preliminary to the acceptance of mediation , or even as preliminary to entering into negociation ) neither wise nor expedient , and if I wanted any confirmation of my opinion upon that subject , I think I could find it in a pamphlet published under the name of Mr. Canning , purporting to be a speech delivered by him in this house , on the 5th Jan. 1807 , in a debate on the conduct of the late negociation with France . In that speech , Mr. Canning is represented as making use of these remarkable expressions . I trouble the house with the passage at length , because I think his argument clear and decisive upon the point . Mr. Canning says ,