postpone their decision upon the particular and personal charges , without committing an act of gross injustice to the noble and distinguished individual character was implicated in them . professed his decided disapprobation most highly of many of the political measures of the noble marquis , at the same time he wished that the house should decide upon the charges that had been brought against him with dispatch as well as with as boldness . For this reason he was against the appointment of a committee , because that mode of pro- 703 ceeding would tend to postpone a decision which had already been too long delayed . He animadverted with severity upon the backwardness Which had been shewn by some gentlemen at a certain period , to prosecute the charges which they had pledged themselves to institute , and alluded particularly to the conduct of Mr. Sheridan , in declining , while in the last administration , to bring forward the Carnatic question , because he found that it would not be agreeable to some of his colleagues . His wish was , that the character of lord Wellesley should be either cleared by a Vote of the house , or that the censure should be passed upon him which his conduct had merited . He denied that the Directors of the East India Company appeared as the accusers of lord Wellesley , but the , along with many of his colleagues , had disapproved of many of his measures , and it was necessary , in their own defence , that they should state the grounds of this disapprobation . contended , that the only mode of doing justice either to marquis Wellesley , to the injured natives of India , or to the character of the British nation , was to institute a general inquiry into all the measures of the noble marquis 's administration , thought that if the house had any sense of national justice , or any regard for its own character , it would not suffer any further delay to retard its final decision upon this question . asserted that already British India had to lament the measures which had lately been adopted in this Country . The charge in the present instance he maintained was personal , and therefore ought to be decided without finger delay . was of opinion , that as gentlemen were not Very forward to encounter the obloquy of taking up such charges , and the noble lord had undertaken this with such laudable attention , the business ought not to be taken out of his hands . If his hon . friend should hereafter propose a committee to inquire into the transactions in the Carnatic , or at Furruckabad , he would be ready to support him ; but in the present instance he thought course proposed by his noble friend should not be rejected . would have supported the motion for a committee , if that had been originally proposed ; but as the noble lord had taken up the question with a view to 704 another course of proceeding , he was not prepared to resist it . He hoped the house would not judge of the conduct of the court of directors on an ex parte statement , but that their case , as well as that of the noble marquis , would be considered with reference to the whole of the circumstances . rose , amidst a loud cry for the question . He said that he certainly should not be deterred from delivering his sentiments on this occasion by any such cry , more particularly as it was this importunity for the question which he was desirous to combat , and which he hoped to be able to do with somewhat better argument than mere clamour . He confessed , however , that he had little to say , on the present occasion , in addition to what he had stated on a former evening . The question now before the house was , whether it would come to a decision now upon a subject of the greatest magnitude and importance ,