by which the Instructions to lord Rosslyn , & c. and an account of their Expedition , would be given , so that the substance only of what passed at the court of Lisbon would be obtained.—The amendment was then agreed to . third motion being put , for obtaining copies of the Order of Recall of earl St. Vincent , & c. and of the dispatches containing an account of what passed at their audience of leave , Mr. Canning made an objection to the latter part of the motion , also upon grounds of delicate attention to etiquette , and the mischief that might arise from publishing official communications of that nature . observed , that if an ambassador from England held conferences with no other person but the sovereign at whose court he resided , we could have no other source of information concerning his conduct , but the conferences with such sovereign ; and was it to be said that these conferences should never be disclosed ? 537 At the time when we made the late peace with France , we acknowledged the first consul as sovereign of that country . When this peace was put an end to , by the renewal of hostilities , were not the private conferences that passed between that sovereign and lord Whitworth , published in this country , as the justification of the war ? Now , he contended , that no representation or misrepresentation of the words used by a foreign sovereign , could ever be so mischievous as the practice of reading partial and garbled extracts of letters and other documents , and refusing to produce the whole of them when called for . could not bear to hear in silence such language as had been used by the right hon . secretary . In the best times of English history , the conduct of persons in the highest stations , whether minister or prince , were openly , fairly , and boldly discussed in parliament ; it was only at the most disgraceful periods that we find great men have shrunk from publicity , and parliament too easily led by confidence in a great name , or a high-sounding title . If members of parliament were to understand that the power of France had this effect , they had better say to their constituents , that the power of Buonaparte was so great , that it not only subverted or raised up kingdoms at will upon the continent , but that it succeeded in robbing them of their free constitution . said , the house and the country might now be congratulated on having in the person of the right hon , secretary , a new defender of those rules of propriety , which he himself had so lately broken . Sometimes a smuggler made a very good custom-house officer . This was analagous to the right hon . gent . who spoke with such animation against the practice of disclosing confidential communications.—The house then divided—For the motion . 82 . Against it 142 . Majority 60 . The following are copies of the papers laid before the house in consequence of the above motions : viz . Petty moved that an humble address be presented to his majesty , `` That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , a copy of such communications as have passed between his majesty 's government and that of the United States of America , relating to a ratification of a Treaty with the United States . '' In consequence of the above motion , three sets of Papers were , on the 18th and 22d instant , laid before both houses of parliament , of which the following are copies , viz . not having failed to transmit to his majesty 's government an account of the Representation which you were pleased to address to him under date of 27 Oct. last year , respecting the blockade of the islands of Martinique and Guadaloupe , it is with great satisfaction , sir , that I have just received his majesty