if he escaped a prosecution.—From the system that had been pursued of reading partial extracts , no credit whatever could be given to the information that had been laid before the house , till the whole correspondence was produced ; for nobody could be sure that what had been brought forward was not a gross imposition . But , supposing that a case could be made out against Denmark , the house was without information respecting the real cause of the war with Russia . He took it for granted , that it was not simply the attack upon Copenhagen which had alienated the emperor of Russia from his attachment to this country ; but it was owing to something which occurred posterior to that attack , that he had ranged himself in the 741 list of our enemies . Lord G. L. Gower ascribed this change of sentiment , in one of his dispatches , to the arrival of a messenger from Paris , and to the strong representations made after the event by general Savary . But , with all due respect for the opinion of his noble friend , he shrewdly Suspected that it had arisen from the communication imparted to the court of St. Petersburg , of the foul , treacherous , and base proposals which were made after the capitulation of Copenhagen , by ministers , to Mr. Rist , the Danish agent in this country , to submit to any terms which they might think proper to dictate , on pain of having Norway wrested from the crown of Denmark and given to Sweden . If he could trust to the papers which he held in his hand , purporting to be the substance of a conversation which passed between Mr. Secretary Canning and Mr. Rist , and copies of a correspondence Which passed between the courts of Copenhagen and Stockholm , it appeared that , at the very time that ministers were soliciting the Mediation of the emperor of Russia between G. Britain and Denmark , they were threatening to despoil Denmark of a part of her territory : and , after having evacuated Zealand conformably to the capitulation , to co-operate with a Swedish garrison in again taking possession of it . Not only this , but there was a rumour in circulation , that this plan was only abandoned in consequence of the commander in chief of the forces in the island of Zealand positively refusing to have any share in it . Flagrant and wicked as he considered the first attack upon Denmark was , to have violated the capitulation would certainly have been still more base and criminal ; and , therefore , he hoped to hear an explicit declaration from his majesty 's ministers , that they never at any time harboured an idea of committing such an act . Still , however , it was difficult to believe that there was no ground for the imputation ; unless the supposed minute of Mr. Rist 's conversation with Mr. Secretary Canning , and the correspondence which he now held in his hand , were impudent forgeries . The right hon . gent . here read the several papers to which he alluded ; beginning with Mr. Rists note to count Bernstorff , containing a communication of five diferent menaces which were thrown out by his majesty 's foreign secretary , if the court of Denmark did not agree to subscribe to certain terms , and ending with a note addressed by baron Taube , his 742 Swedish majesty 's charge-d ' affaires at the court of Kiel , to count Bernstorff , the Danish minister , ( a man who was universally esteemed to be the honestest minister in Europe , not meaning by this expression to be guilty of any disrespect to the right hon . gent . opposite , ) declaring , that `` had his Swedish majesty judged it necessary to occupy Zealand with his troops , jointly with those of his ally , he should have done it ; and the king wishes that he may never find himself in the case to regret