. The hon . gent . here digressed into a statement of the customs of the casts in India , their importance , and the general tendency of that kind of association . He pointed out the mode of collecting the revenues , by appointing lieutenants with military authority , who paid stipulated sums for their several provinces . These found it most to their interest to compromise with the zemindars , because the whole time for collecting the revenue was only about six weeks when the crops were taking in ; and if any were refractory , the lieutenant had not time to overpower them from their forts , and enforce obedience . Thus , in this strange way , since the country had been broken into smaller states , independent of the mogul , the evils coun- 1122 teracted and corrected each other . He then turned to the assertion that had been made with regard to the revenues of Oude in particular , and shewed from a long calculation , that this country , so desolated and disgraced , produced more revenue in proportion than Bengal , which was reckoned the most productive province in the possession of the company—Oude yielding 57l . 10s . per square acre , and Bengal only 40l .. 10s . The new system had introduced the monopoly of salt , but from the difference of situation between Oude and Bengal , it had been found so destructive and ruinous , that it was obliged almost immediately to be abandoned . The use of spirituous liquors , so strictly forbidden by the Mahometan law , was also introduced and legalized in Oude . He would ask , if any advantage had been found to arise from this ? —Having hitherto considered the question without any personal application to the noble marquis , he trusted the house would pardon his encroaching on them a few minutes longer in making some remarks on it in that point of view . The council was designed to deliberate with the governor-general on any plans he might form ; that by a previous discussion in detail , the nature of the intended measure might be ascertained ; and not only that , but for the purpose of having on their journals a sufficient account of transactions to be transmitted for the information of the government at home . But if , as in the case of the noble marquis , the governor-general chose to pass by this part of the constitution of India , and keep his plans in his pocket , he would be relieved from the most important check upon his conduct . He got rid of forms which were thought necessary in the case of a cabinet minister at home , and were much more necessary at the distance of ten thousand miles , where they were the only means left for controuling the exorbitant power of the head of the establishment . The negotiation was not recorded till long after it was finished ; so that neither the council nor the company , for several months , new any thing of the matter . As for the Thanks voted to the noble marquis , they proceeded from ignorance , for it was imagined that the governor-general was doing nothing more than securing the company 's revenues in Oude . But , his measures did not add either to their security or their revenues . The Rohillas were in the same state as ever , and in 1804–5 their revenue 1123 was less than it was in former years , because their charges , which always grew in proportion to their wealth , were greater . The revenue was 1 crore , 43 lacks ; the charges 48 lacks , which , with 20 , as the expence of a regiment of cavalry and two of Sepoys , and left 76 lack , the same time the nabob was bound to pay them , but he had always paid more , and in the preceding year paid 115 lack , being nearly 40 more than was raised by the new system . In detailing