prevented her sailing till the 8th of Jan . They joined on the 12th of that month , but it was not till the 18th that the clearing of the Mediator commenced , and it was not finished till the 19th . The Mediator , in addition to the other supplies , contained a large quantity of vegetables , and 40 bullocks . The hon . gent . was compelled to admit , that two line-of-battle ships joined sir Rd . Strachan 's squadron on the 16th of January , the Colossus and the Superb , with the Lavinia frigate , one of the finest in the navy , victualled for five months . On the 23d the Cumberland joined ; and there was then an average supply of ten weeks bread , 13 weeks of other articles , six weeks and five days water , 40 bullocks , and three 884 fresh ships . On the 23d , a transport and a gun-brig joined , with every species of provisions ; but the admiral sent them back to Plymouth , not being in such want as to induce him to delay his pursuit of the enemy , of whose course he had got information . It was not true that sir Richard Strachan had been obliged to get supplies from the squadron off Ferrol , or that he had gone off that port . It was on the 23d that sir Richard Strachan had intelligence of the sailing of the enemy , and it was not till the 29th that he had reason to be certain of the fact . From the 23d it blew a gale of wind , and it was impossible to clear the bay . In the attempt to clear Oleron light-house , he carried away his main-yard , which was known to be no light mischief at sea . He stopped three days to distribute the provisions equally among the ships , but not to take any other supplies ; and so far was he from being unable to pursue the enemy , that he was now probably far up the Mediterranean , having received intelligence of their having taken that course . Having said thus much as to the state of the squadron under sir Rd . Strachan , he would now come to the wanton , indecent , and unfounded attack which the hon . gent . had gone out of his way to make on the noble lord at the head of the admiralty . It was certainly to be lamented if supplies could not be sent in so regular and copious a manner as not to leave a wish or a want ungratified . But let gentlemen consider all that the admiralty had to do in addition to former duties . The fleet from the Baltic arrived at Spithead on the 6th Nov. having 16 sail of the line , 10 frigates , and 15 sloops , under its convoy , with a part of the British crews . This fleet had encountered much bad weather , and some of the ships were lost coining to the Downs from Yarmouth . Some time was required to put the ships and crews to rights , so as to be efficient for service ; and he should surprize the hon . gent . by telling him how soon that was done . It the course of Nov. there were 12 sail of the line at St. Helen 's waiting for the Russian fleet . Sir Sidney Smith was sent with six sail to Lisbon , and five sail were sent after him ; a force by means of which he was enabled to rescue the Prince Regent and royal family of Portugal , and to send them to the Brazils with a convoy of four sail , and to continue the blockade of the Tagus in the most effectual manner . Four sail of the line were besides sent with sir S. Hood to 885 secure Madeira . With all these occasions , added to that of the blockade of Brest , other difficulties arose in sending supplies of provisions to sir