fleet , on the motion of a gentleman of very high talents , now no more , ( Mr. Fox ) the French had been enabled to cut off a source of intelligence , which this country had possessed in Holland since the reign of queen Anne . Was there not enough on the face of such papers , to enable the enemy to trace the source whence they might have , been received ? He would give credit to government for having received the intelligence . On that fact he would rest his foot , and give his approbation to the measure . Admitting , then , the fact , that such arrangements were formed as had been stated , the next question was , whether we were justifiable in following them up with an attack upon Denmark ; and this , he asserted , did not admit of doubt . He shrewdly suspected , that there had been a great deal of collusion for a considerable time , between the ministers of Denmark , for of the Crown Prince he wished to speak with the respect due to his rank , more especially as he was nearly allied to our own most gracious sovereign . But setting this presumption altogether aside , he contended , that the existence of so powerful a fleet in the hands of so weak a power was itself a sufficient justification of the measures of precaution which had been adopted . Deprecating the repetition of such discussions as they had heard , of the principles of abstract right , more worthy of schoolboys than of statesmen and legislators , and upon which the philosophers of the continent so much insisted , while at the same time they showed themselves so insensible to the principles of wrong , he declared that , as an impartial man , sitting upon the great process of his country , he would bring in his verdict—not guilty . The circumstance of the Danish army being assembled in Holstein at the time the attack was made on Zealand , he thought might have been contrived in order to preserve appearances , and to disguise their future intentions , and he could very well account for the surprize of their government on seeing the island of 90 Zealand surrounded so rapidly and unexexpectedly with a naval and military armament , from the tardiness which they had been accustomed to witness in our former expeditions . At any rate , their avowed inability to defend themselves against the power of Russia some years ago , when on that very account they went to war with this country , was a satisfactory proof that they could not do it now against the combined powers of Russia and France ; and it would hardly be maintained , that we ought to have sat quietly still and seen them marshalled among our enemies . It was not to be forgotten too , that a negociation preceded hostilities , and that they had the option of delivering up their fleet in deposit , or of going to war with this country . The great moral maxim of `` Do as you would be done by '' was equally applicable to nations and to individuals , and he had no hesitation in saying that , had he been a Dane , he would not have felt his honour compromised in acceding to the alternative offered by the British government.—Upon the other prominent topic in the speech , he declared it as his firm opinion , that there was no probability of obtaining from the present government of France , any terms of peace compatible with the honour and security of this country ; of this he had been convinced ever since the . Treaty of Amiens , which he had supported merely by way of experiment . But after the experience we had of the dispositions of the enemy , in the short interval of hostilities , he was persuaded , that on the day on which peace should be signed , our real dangers would commence . At the same time , he thought ,