nature , and , consequently , was not a sufficient ground for a public proceeding . As to the report of 1800 , he had only to observe , that it had been laid on the table of the house , and might have been made the foundation of parliamentary measures by any hon . member who might have thought such a course necessary.—The Petition was then brought up and read.—After which Mr. 665 Sheridan moved , that it do lie on the table , at the same time stating , that many more facts had since came to the knowledge of the petitioners , which however , he should on that occasion abstain from detailing to the house.—A short conversation then took place , as to the propriety of allowing the petition to lie on the table , with a description of the petitioners that was not borne out by the fact . Mr. Sumner first took the exception , on this ground , as even the right hon . gent . himself had admitted , that the grand jury had been dissolved previous to the inquiry , and certainly , before the presenting of the petition . Without any wish to oppose the petition , he thought the house could not entertain it , with such an unfounded designation of the parties who presented it . The Chancellor of the Exchequer recommended to the right hon . gent . on this ground , to withdraw the petition for the present , in order to have one prepared to present to-morrow , with the proper designation of the parties , in which case he should himself be ready to second the motion , that the petition should lie on the table . After a few words from Mr. Sheridan , who thought that the house ought not to be too critical as to the wording of petitions , the petition was allowed to be withdrawn , in order that it might be prepared to be presented to-morrow in a more correct form . On the order of the day being moved for the 2d reading of the Orders in Council bill , said , that he could not allow this bill to go through another stage without declaring his sentiments upon it . He thought that our retaliation upon our enemies ought to be conducted in such a manner as not to injure unoffending neutrals . He was of opinion that the note delivered to the American negociators on the 31st of Dec. 1806 , was still binding on the government of this country , as there was no appearance that America had submitted to the controul which the French government had attempted to impose on the commerce of neutrals with Britain . On the contrary , there was ample evidence that America had remonstrated against the French decree , and had obtained an exemption from its operation according to the explanation given by the French minister of marine , Decrés . To impose a tax upon neutrals was illegal by the law of nations , and by the statute law also . The measure would do no injury to France , but it would 666 grievously injure those who were entitled to our forbearance , and as far as could be to our protection . then rose and spoke nearly as follow : Sir , the house will naturally expect I should lay before them my opinion upon the subject of this bill , and the grounds of that opinion , upon this occasion . In doing this , it is necessary for me to look to the policy and the legality of the present measure , both of which have been charged against it by the hon . member who has just now set down . In taking a comprehensive view of this matter , I am afraid it will be necessary to trace back some of the circumstances which led generally to its adoption , because we must not consider a measure like this detached from the circumstances which preceded or accompanied it . Its policy and legality can only be fairly appreciated by such a