proceeded upon it , and that document remained in the office . Surely then , the right hon . gent . could never contend , that letters of so old a date , which he had communicated to the board while in office , and which he had never communicated at all to the board untill the last 4 or 5 days , ought to be received as official . It was impossible to find a precedent for such a proceeding on the records of the admiralty office ; and he had searched narrowly for that purpose . If the principle was admitted , what would prevent any private person , who had belonged to any board at any period , from sending to that board any private papers , and insisting upon their being received as 493 official documents ? On this subject he could appeal with confidence to any gentleman who had sat at the admiralty board . There was no disposition to prevent the right hon . gent . from obtaining his object . He would tell him how he could perhaps get at it . Probably lord Collingwood had sent sir T. Louis 's report to the admiralty , in which case it could certainly be produced . If the right hon . gent . in the plenitude of his power , fancied that he was lord high admiral , and that he could act as such without assistance , he was very much mistaken . explained , and defended himself from the imputation of having arrogated a consequence that did not belong to him . thought , that there was a very striking difference between the Copenhagen expedition and the Turkish in this respect . If ministers had been wrong in the Copenhagen expedition , there might be some practical effect in taking the opinion of the house upon it , as in such case the house might address his majesty to remove his ministers . He did not see , however , any practical result from enquiring into the expedition to the Dardanelles , as the advisers of it were not now in office . He presumed , that nobody wished to move an impeachment against them , or to address his majesty that they should never again be taken into his service . thought the hon . gent . was much mistaken , in supposing that the only practical effect in taking the opinion of the house , could be to remove one set of ministers from their places . There Was a consideration still more important than places , and that was character . The practical result which other gentlemen who sat near him wished , was to vindicate their characters against unauthorized and unfounded misrepresentations and calumnies . Some of their opponents seemed to wish , that this subject should lie open as a perpetual fund for insinuations ; but at the same time , they shrunk from bringing it fairly to a trial . He and his former colleagues in office wished that it should be brought to a trial , and that insinuation and misrepresentation upon this subject should be at an end . He could not conceive on what priciple the board of admiralty could refuse to keep in their house , documents so important as those which had been offered by his right hon . friend . He thought the public offices ought to be full of such records , which might be useful in future 494 wars . A board of admiralty might as well say they did not want maps or charts as to say that such papers as admiral Louis 's report of the strength of the Dardanelles was unimportant . He thought that if they could not see any other way in which they might he useful , they might , at least , have seen that , in justice to the ministers who advised those measures , these papers ought to have been preserved . could not perceive any necessity for entering into any enquiries on this subject , nor that it could lead to any beneficial result . He thought however