! I am not one of those who ever gave way to the expression of sentiments which those who uttered them I am sure never seriously entertained : I never said , `` a speedy meeting to Buonaparte upon our own shores ! '' God grant that he may never attain these shores ! but if the war is to be interminable , that is one of the scenes which must eventually be acted.—Sir , I will here notice one of the grounds of alarm which I have heard expressed on the subject of peace , arising out of the extension of the French empire , which we witnessed during the short interval of the peace of Amiens . I would ask gentlemen to review the comparative progress of the power of France during war , and during 844 peace ; we shall find that war has not stopped but materially accelerated that progress ; there are no means in war to prevent its further progression . The French power is more progressive during war than during peace . But during peace the power of England and her allies would be upon the recovery . But what effect may the continuance of the war produce upon our external possessions ? Do not ministers know that a most formidable attack upon our Indian empire is in the contemplation of France ? Do they not know that the means for that attack are in preparation ? That so soon after the peace of Tilsit as the 12th of Aug. 1807 , general Gardane was at Constantinople , on his way to Persia , for the purpose of preparing for the march of an army to India ? that since that period , men of science and military knowledge have been from time to time passing from France into Persia , with a view to the same object ? and do they not also know that the thing itself is of much more easy performance , than many of those achievements which the emperor of the French has accomplished ? and can they point out any means by which , if the attack should be made , it can be repelled ? Does not the continuance of the war then put to hazard the existence of our Indian empire ? does it not put to hazard the existence of every English subject in India ? Here then is another reason , why , while there is yet time , we should attempt to negociate for peace . What is the state of Ireland ? the bare mention of Ireland brings her situation home in a most terrific manner to the bosom of every man ; and does not the state of Ireland afford a reason why you should attempt , while there is yet time , to negociate for peace ? What is your situation with regard to America , are you not , by mismanagement or otherwise , upon the eve of a rupture with that country ? would not the addition of America to the number of our enemies be of the greatest possible consequence to us ? and is not our critical situation with regard to her , another reason why you should make an attempt to open a negociation ? even for the sake of your ally , Sweden , should you not attempt to negociate ? for a perseverance in the Contest must be to her ruin , in spite of all the assistance she may receive from England.—To all this it may perhaps be shortly answered by the king 's ministers , we are desirous of opening a negociation with France , whenever a fair opportunity can be found , upon a 845 footing of equality , and in a manner honourable to the country . Sir , the ministers are constantly talking about their disposition to peace , but let us look a little for what they are waiting : first of all , for an impartial mediator . Why , Sir , whether partial or impartial , there is no mediator now left upon the face of the earth.—Next , till France shall send a