in the first instance , I read it in answer to an allegation , made in contradiction to my statement , to 914 prove the fact to be as I stated it , and which did prove it to be so . But the right . hon . gent . is not only so much mistaken in his fact , that it can not aid ; but he has shewn in the statement of it , such a determination to misrepresent , that I can not hesitate now to say , that there is good reason to believe , from his having misrepresented this fact , that he did garble the documents which he read on the 3rd of Feb . So that , this is not only a case which does not aid his defence , but it is a case in which he has been guilty of absolute misrepresentation , and which affords the strongest reason to conclude , that his conduct has been that which it has been charged to have been , when he read the dispatches . I trust , sir , that by this statement , I have clearly destroyed the authority of the case derived from my own conduct.—Let us see now , sir , how his other case stands—he tells us that Mr. Pitt , when charged by Mr. Fox , did the same thing , and for some purpose he states , that I have represented Mr. Pitt 's character in glowing colours , and have not , I suppose he means , spoken in the same terms of Mr. Fox . Sir , I spoke of Mr. Pitt , as I felt on the occasion to which I was referring , and speaking , of a great man , who is no more , with whom I never had any political connection , but constant political difference , I think I did right to speak of his character and conduct as I felt it ; the occasion being one of strict adherence to constitutional ground . But sir , with Mr. Fox , I not only always acted , but I lived with him in habits of the closest intimacy and friendship . I feel , in praising Mr. Fox , the sort of indelicacy that belongs to praising publicly , a person closely connected and belonging as it were to oneself . It is not that I do not hold the character of that great man and most illustrious senator , above all those of his time ; it is not that I do not daily lament his loss ; but that it is unnecessary and almost unfit , that I should detail those sentiments to the house.—But , sir , with respect to the case cited to justify the act of the right hon . secretary , which my motion calls in question , I deny that it has the least influence in justifying his conduct . The right hon . secretary did on the 3rd of Feb. , take from his box a great many dispatches on different subjects , and read them to the house in part , put them back into the box , and thus influenced the decision of the house by them , and refused to let the house have them as evidence or documents , exa- 915 mine whether he stated correctly , what was contained in them . But what was the case which he cited ? Mr. Fox accused Mr. Pitt of not having had pacific dispositions ; Mr. Pitt , in reply , says , I had pacific dispositions , and to prove it , he takes from his pocket a dispatch nine years old , and reads it to satisfy Mr. Fox , who had made a personal charge against Mr. Pitt 's inclinations to peace , which Mr. Fox says , he is sorry he had not made public earlier . Now is this in the least like the case in question ? Mr. P. was not required to lay the paper on the table ; Mr. P. was not influencing the decisions of the house by