their own object , because by making it necessary for every foreign ship to touch at a British port , to pay a certain tribute , and this circumstance exposing every such ship to capture and confiscation by the French decree , it was obvious that no ship would submit to the ignominy , merely for the purpose of exposing itself to the subsequent danger . It was surely better then for ministers to retract what they had done , than to persist in an error to avoid the shame of retraction . vindicated the line of argument pursued by his noble and learned friend . If ever there had been a time , or a question , upon which it was proper to refer to past measures , to the persons by whom such measures had been adopted , and to the circumstances under which they had taken place , it was the present moment , and the question then under the consideration of their lordships . The preamble of the Orders in Council shewed that they were not founded upon any recent act , that the only were to carry into effect the principle laid down in a former act , which had been insufficient to its professed object . However he might differ as to the policy of the precise act which 484 had in the former case been resorted to , he approved of the principle upon which it rested . When the French Decree was published there appeared to him two causes , one of which might have been taken , either to consider that Decree as idle words , and to treat it with contempt , or to look upon it as a substantial measure , calculated to injure the interests of this country , and justifying measures of retaliation . The late ministers did not consider that Decree in the former light , or pass it over in silence and contempt , though they noticed it only by an abortive attempt at retaliation . The arguments that had been urged by the noble lords opposite in this instance , would apply with more force against their own measure . The learned lord ( Erskine ) had said , that the Order of the 7th of Jan. was only a trifling enlargement of the principle of the war of 1756 . But the principle of that war was founded upon this , that neutrals should not be allowed , during war , to possess a trade which they had not enjoyed during peace . Neither France nor Spain allowed neutrals to carry on their coasting trade during peace , and the principle of the war . of 1756 was that they should not carry it on in time of war . This , a belligerent had a right , upon the broad principle , to resist and refuse . But though neutrals were not allowed to trade between Brest and Bourdeaux , in time of peace they were not prohibited from trading between Ferrol and Brest , and between the ports of France and Spain . This trade therefore allowed during peace , they had a right to possess during war , and upon the general principle no belligerent had a right Consistently with the law of nations to take it from them . This , however , the Order of the 7th of Jan. did take from them , and unless that Order could be defended , upon the principles of the law of nations , it was not to be justified at all . By . the copy of an official dispatch found by his majesty 's present ministers on their coming into office , it Was evident that their predecessors entertained opinions similar to their own , on the justice of retaliating upon the enemy the measures of hostility which he might choose to adopt towards this country . We had a right to retaliate , we did retaliate . The extent of the powers with which we were at war , had no effect in depriving us of that right . If by that retaliation neutrals were incidentally injured ,