were studiously sent abroad of the predetermined hostile disposition on the part of America . But it was not in America only that such notions were propagated . Every thing here seemed anxiously to be seized that could stir up a spirit of animosity against America , and prepare the public mind for hostilities with that country , than which there was nothing he felt more disposed to deprecate . was not aware that any thing which had fallen from him on any former occasion , could be so interpreted ; and he was desirous to rectify any error or mistake into which he may have fallen upon this subject . To the best of his recollection , what he had before stated on this point , in answer to a question put to him , was this : that an official copy of the Treaty , together with a dispatch from the noble secretary of state ( lord Howick ) , had been received in America antecedent 928 to the separation of Congress ; that is to say , it was received by the British minister at Washington on the 2d of March , and the congress , he believed , separated on the 3d ; that immediately upon the receipt of it , Mr. Erskine communicated it to Mr. Maddison , who communicated it to the President that the report of the arrival of the Treaty had very generally gone abroad , and in consequence of that report the senate sent a message to the president , expressing a wish to know if it was his intention to make any communication to them previous to their separation : that the answer of the president was in the negative ; and that it was generally understood the president was displeased with the omission of the article respecting the question of the impress of seamen ; and that , on account of that omission , he had refused to ratify the treaty , This was the sum of what he had before stated on this subject , and he was now ready to repeat it . thought this a matter of such importance , that it could not be too fully discussed and understood . He contended the Treaty was still in America , and that the president betrayed no other wish than to continue and follow up the treaty until it was brought to an amicable conclusion . As to the marginal notes which accompanied the copy of the Treaty , they were not notes added by the American government as the ground of a new treaty , but merely an indication of the points upon which it was desired to have further discussion and information . stated , that the official copy arrived on the 2d of March , and the senate separated on the 3d . As to the marginal notes , they had been presented to the house in the same shape in which they had been received from the American ministers here . Some further conversation ensued upon this subject , in which lord Grenville urged the want of conciliation on the part of ministers towards America ; and contended , that the president could not take the opinion of the senate until he had received the treaty itself . Lord Hawkesbury contended that he might have kept the senate sitting or adjourned it only for a short period . This was admitted by lord Holland , who , however , contended that the president adopted the most conciliatory course in suffering the senate to separate , and in the mean time endeavouring to renew the negociations . rose and spoke nearly as follows : —My lords ; the Resolutions , which I had the honour on a former day to read in my place to the house , and which I am presently about to propose to your lordships to adopt , involve a higher and more extensive consideration than even the justice and effect of the late Orders in Council , as they regard the United States of America , momentous as that consideration undoubtedly is . They involve no less a question