, his object would be best answered by making a motion , of which he might now give notice . All he could now say , in answer to the argumentative statements and questions of the hon . gent . was , that he was not aware of any such fact as that alluded to by the hon . gent . said , he certainly had received some information which had led him to put the questions he had addressed to the hon . gent . He gave notice that he would on Thursday se'nnight submit a motion , with a view to ascertain the state of the approvisionment of sir R. Strachan 's squadron . rose , in consequence of the notice which he had given , to move that a Committee should be appointed to inquire into the best mode of granting relief to those engaged in the West India trade ; and in directing the serious attention of the house to a subject which the whole house he was convinced , would agree with him in thinking worthy of the earliest inquiry , he did not think it necessary to use any arguments to press it upon their notice . Every gentleman , he was persuaded , would be of one opinion as to the propriety of obtaining all the information that could be collected upon the subject , in order that this information might be followed up by the remedy which might appear to be most applicable interested in obtaining relief . The first idea that had suggested itself was , extending the internal consumption of the staple article of West India produce , by renderaing it applicable to our home Distilleries . The select committee , which had already been appointed to inquire into the causes of the present embarrassments of the planters , had not , it was true , in their report been very favourable to the opinion , that 713 much relief could be obtained by these means , but he was not without hope that it would be found on farther inquiry , that a measure might be so framed as materially to contribute to the object which he had in view . He thought , therefore , that a Committee should be again appointed , to inquire how far it might he proper to prohibit Distillation from any other articles than sugar and molassess , and whether such a regulation should be extended to England , Scotland , and Ireland , or to England . only . But though this was the first question to which the committee ought to direct their inquiries , there were others to which they might afterwards point their attention far the accomplishment of the great object . He concluded with moving `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire and report how far , and under what circumstances , it may be practicable and expedient to confine the Distilleries of the united kingdom , or of any part of the united kingdom , to the use of sugar and molassess only ; and also what other provision can be made for the relief of the growers of sugar in the British West India colonies , and to report the same , with their observations and opinion thereupon , from time to time , to the house . '' The motion was carried unanimously , and a select Committee appointed . rose to move that the house should resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house upon the Trade and Navigation of the country , or , if a select committee was thought preferable , he should have no objection that that course should be The object which he had in view was , that the house should have a full opportunity of discussing the Orders in Council after they were put into a shape and form , in which they were capable of being discussed . At present he did not moan to express either approbation or disapprobation of them . The present was one of the very few instances , in which an administration had brought such a measure before parliament without