had been supported by any fact between the time it was issued and the 11th of Nov. the date of the Orders in Council ; and in particular , whether its operation had ever been extended to America , the power which was more immediately affected , both by his decree and the measures by which it had been combated on the part of the government of this country . As far as his information went , it never had been acted upon , and that , in an explanation given by M. Deeres to general Armstrong , the American minister at Paris , the latter had received an assurance , that it never was the intention of the French government to extend its operation to American ships . At any rate , it would not only have been wise in the government of this country , but it was absolutely incumbent on it to wait till it saw the event ; and such was the spirit with which the Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. 1807 , was dictated . It was impossible for neutrals to complain of this Order , because it was only carrying into rigorous effect the rule of war of 1756 , which had been since relaxed , and it was at the same time , that kind of retaliation from which the enemy suffered the most , because it put an effectual stop to the whole of his coasting trade . Government , too , then reserved to itself the power of recurring to measures of still greater severity , should they be found to be necessary . But ministers thought it wise at that time , and he wished those now in power had followed their example , 317 to wait till the intentions of the enemy were still further developed , till the effect of the measure then adopted was fully tried , and till a case , not merely of right , but of expediency , was made out , for having recourse to others of a more extended and vigorous nature . For , even supposing that France had attempted to give effect to her decree , it did not follow that it would have been wise and proper to issue the Orders of the 11th of Nov. We had our interests as well as our passions to consult ; and he was afraid that on the score of policy it would be as difficult to vindicate them as on the grounds of legality . But this was matter of after consideration . The question to which he now called the attention of the house , was simply whether they were lawful or not , and he contended , upon the doctrine he had laid down , and the authorities he had quoted in support of them , as long as Buonaparte did not carry his Decree into execution , they were not only not lawful but unnecessary . If he was rightly informed , the Decree never had been executed , but in as far as related to the interior of France and those countries immediately under her dominion and influence . In those countries all English property had been confiscated , but he did not even know that the measure of confiscation had been extended to the vessels in which it was imported . Now , a confiscation of enemies property was a measure which had been resorted to in other wars , and though it was a strong indication of a hostile mind in the party who resorted to it ; he did not think that we had any great reason to complain of it , much less did it give us a right to call upon neutrals to interfere between us and the enemy . All that we could expect of America was , that she should resist the capture of American ships at sea , and this pretension was entirely renounced by M. Decres , in his explanation to general Armstrong . For as to the Decreee of the 18th of Sept , published under the authority of the chief judge Regnier ,