all convenient expedition . When the bill should go into the committee , the hon . gent . would have an opportunity of making any suggestion that occurred to him upon it . But the house would not interrupt the progress of the bill upon the bare assertion of any hon . member , that there was a something preferable to the bill , which , upon another occasion , he would state to the house . observed , that the house had not been called upon , on this occasion , to vote new taxes . The notice referred merely to regulation . As the right hon . gent . had before voted regulations under the pretence of duty , he now voted duties under the pretence of regulation . He would not say that this was absolutely smuggling the measure , but certainly the , proper course had not been taken . His majesty 's speech had congratulated the house that a mode had been discovered by which the public service could be carried on without any additional taxes ; and yet the right hon . gent . had proposed a new and heavy tax , without notice of his intention in that particular , without laying any ground for it , and without having brought forward the budget in the usual way . He merely disputed the regularity at present , but , whatever mode might ultimately turn out to be the proper one , he thought there were good reasons for delaying the progress of the bill . said , that the design of the bill was to regulate the collection of these taxes , to lower the rates in some cases , and raise them in others , 1329 and he saw no objection to the mode that had been adopted . Sufficient time would be given to examine it when it came in the committee . observed , that the objection was to the principle , and not to the specific bill . Money was to be raised answer a new charge on the consolidated fund , without any statement in the committee of ways and means that it was for that object . The whole that was wanted for the year ought to be brought under the review of the house at once , in order that it might judge whether any , and what taxes were necessary . said , that the great principle was , not to allow the ways and means to exceed the supply , and this principle we not violated in the present instance . The consolidation act went a great deal further than this bill , and yet no objection had been made to it . observed , that the notice which had been given of the design to lay this duty was not at all sufficient , even in point of fairness to those who were to be subject to it . There was certainly no occasion for any particular haste , in providing for the interest of the four millions , considering the flourishing state of the consolidate fund , as stated by the gentlemen on the other side . As to the consolidation act , he recollected that there had been a great outcry among the public that taxation was carried on under cover of consolidation This bill was less extensive in its operation , but both were liable to strong objecjections . No injury would result from delaying this bill.—The Bill was then rear a second time . moved the commitment of the Offices in Reversion bill . rose , and spoke for some time ; but so inaudibly , that it was impossible to collect even the general purport of what he said . He seemed to argue against the amendments of which the chancellor of the exchequer had given notice . The Speaker having left the chair , and Mr. H. Thornton having taken the chair of the committee . rose , and requested leave to remind the committee of the situation in which they now stood , from the former bill having been rejected by the lords . They were