It is true , that before these Orders in Council were issued , there was a considerable degree of benefit , in my opinion , derived by the effect of the Order of the 7th of Jan. That Order pressed very considerably upon the continent of Europe ; and the more so as the powers gradually came under the dominion and controul of France , as there was then no neutral intermediate power through which they could violate those Orders . We must be aware , however , that the coasting trade of Europe was necessarily open to very considerable evasion , by stealing along their shores in small vessels ; and besides , that there were means of communication through the great rivers of Europe , by which with considerable inconvenience to themselves , they might be supplied with the various products of the continents . But with respect to the foreign commerce , they were actually under no inconvenience whatever , notwithstanding all our boasted maritime superiority . Our enemies had , in fact , better opportunities for procuring foreign commerce , than if they had employed a great maritime force to protect their trade . This may , indeed , appear paradoxical , but the truth is , that by means of neutral vessels they could bring home , not only all the produce of their islands , but even the produce of America , as securely as if they had not been in a state of warfare : under neutral names they enjoyed a complete supply of all the products from the various quarters of the world . They collected the duties upon the export of them from their colonies , and they were even doing something more than this ; they were granting bounties for the carrying of those very products to the mother country . Wines and brandies and other products of France , went in exchange for oils , soap , and other products of their colonies , without being in the slightest degree ques- 673 tioned . In short , they were in the full enjoyment of all the advantages of peace , by having an ample supply of all sorts of goods . The regular tea sales at Amsterdam went on without any the smallest interruption , just as if the Dutch were in a state of the most profound peace ; ships that traded from Amsterdam to China being allowed to navigate with the greatest facility . Even the capital of every Dutch Merchant was fully employed . Most of the houses in Amsterdam have houses in America , or have agents in that country , so that the money was advanced in many instances before a single bale of goods left America . They had then colonial and other produce conveyed to them just in the same manner as if we had not the enjoyment of any maritime superiority at all . I do not know whether or not I have been succesful in my view of the subject , but it does seem to me , that looking to the situation of Europe , and of this country , at the time of issuing these Orders , it was ruinous to us in the extreme . While this country was in this state of blockade , America could not take from us a single bale of British goods without the risk of her vessels being lawful prizes to the French . Our commerce and colonial produce might have remained in our warehouses and rotted there ; as I can not help thinking that the more Buonaparte acquired of the continent , the more rigorously would he be inclined to enforce his measures . And be it recollected , that our commerce constitutes the sinews of war , and therefore those measures of retaliation which we adopted were absolutely necessary for our preservation and defence . We have only imposed those privations upon France which would induce France , or at least the inhabitants of that country , ( for I am not supposing that we could compel their government to agree to these measures ) , to become