considerable French force was also in the same place . This disposition of the two armies chewed no intention in Denmark to yield to France . Had she entertained such an intention she would not advance a force against a French force . The question then came to be , Was the French force sufficient `` to induce or compel '' ( such were the terms of his majesty 's Declaration ) Denmark to yield to the views of France ? In his opinion it was utterly insufficient . Let the house consider the situation of Denmark . She possessed considerable countries on the main continent of Europe : but she had still more valuable possessions in Norway , the Danish islands , ( on one of which her capital was situated ) , and considerable foreign colonies . Had France , therefore , required Denmark to give up her fleet that it might be employed against Great Britain , what would Denmark have answered ? `` No , you have no right to make such a demand ; it is a manifest usurpation on your part ; if you make me choose between hostility with England and hostility with France , I prefer the latter ; for , if I quarrel with England , England can take from me all my foreign possessions ; she can injure my marine , and employ Sweden to attack me in Norway . It is , therefore , better for me to keep that which you can not take from me , than to sacrifice it by a war with England . '' This would have been the conduct of Denmark , if the rashness and precipitation of his majesty 's ministers had not forced her into hostility against Great Britain . Were it asked , when we proposed to her to surrender her fleet to us and to maintain her alliance with us , why she did not accede to that proposal , he would answer , that we had never made any proposal to Denmark . which it was possible for an independent state to accept . If , in private life , a similar proposal had been made to any gentleman of that house would it not have been considered an insult ? What did we say to 258 the Danes ? `` Enter into an alliance with us , declare yourselves against France , and remain united to England ; but first we must deprive you of your power ; for we have so little confidence in your good faith , that we will conclude no treaty with you until you are dispossessed of the means of infringing it . Say you are not worthy of credence ; ratify your own reproach , and we will allow you to be our friends . '' To such a proposition , nothing but absolute conquest could ever make a nation submit . But what means did France possess of compelling Denmark to join the hostile confederacy against England , if she were not inclined to do so ? It had been said , that France , having taken Jutland and Holstein , might have marched an army across the Great Belt , when frozen , and have seized the Danish fleet . He had consulted books , and other authentic sources of information on the subject , and he did not find that any considerable force had passed the Great Belt on the ice . for above 150 years . It had rarely happened that even individuals had been enabled to cross in that manner . It was well known that the cold in most of the European states was , not now what it had been . The draining of morasses , the cutting of forests , and the general cultivation and improvement of countries , had made great alterations in their climates ; so that not only had no troops passed the Great Belt on the ice during the last 150 years , but during the last 60 years no instance had occurred in which that arm of the sea had been so bound up by frost , that