the wants of the Russian army were so pressing , towards the latter end of the last campaign , lord Hutchinson , in the sound exercise of the discretion with which he was invested , had advanced the miserable sum of 30,000l . to relieve them from their embarrassments . Since the war between the two countries that money had been repaid . With respect to the charge brought by the Russian government against the late administration of this country , for disturbing their commerce by unnecessary detentions , the present administration had refuted it in the face of Europe , with as much anxiety and decision as if it had been preferred against themselves . Though he thought it had been sufficiently refuted , he had no objection to the laudable desire expressed by the hon . gent . of vindicating his friends by the production of papers on the subject . The hon . gent . was desirous to obtain the dispatches from this country , containing those assurances of support and co-operation , which it was stated in his majesty 's declaration , that his imperial majesty had received and acknowledged , with apparent confidence and satisfaction . ' The hon . gent . implied , that in that passage of his majesty 's Declaration , 610 a distinction was meant studiously to be taken , between the list and the present administration ; and that the assurances referred to , as having given such lively satisfaction to his imperial majesty , were the assurances of the present administration alone . The hon . gent . was mistaken : the Declaration referred to the assurances communicated to Russia in March , by lord Hutchinson , from the last , government , as well as to those communicated in April from the present government . How could his majesty 's ministers more fairly defend the conduct of their predecessors , than by their identifying that conduct with their own ? On the accusations by Russia , of our interrupting her commerce , of our withholding from her pecuniary and military aid ; as those accusations were stated in the Russian Declaration , he did not see that there was any thing that would be deficient in the information , which would be produced , by the hon . gent . 's motions . But , there was a specific charge brought by Russia against this country , namely , the Expedition to Alexandria , which the hon . gent . 's motions would not sufficiently elucidate . In the correspondence of his majesty 's existing government with the court of St. Petersburgh ( without any reference to their private opinion ) , that expedition had been defended against Russia , on the ground that the war with Turkey had been undertaken by this country on Russian instigation , and for Russian objects . That in the course of that expedition , it was diverted from a point where it would have been successful , to a point where it could not , was a part of the subject which could not be entered into with minuteness in his majesty 's Declaration . In moving for the correspondence respecting the offer of mediation between Great Britain and France , made by Austria , the hon . gent . thought that the chasm which existed from the month of April to the month of Nov. in the official notes between prince Starhemberg and the British secretary of state , an extraordinary one . It was easily to be accounted for . The proposal of mediation was made in April , while the campaign on the continent was proceeding , and before Prussia and Austria had made a separate peace . Under those circumstances , it was cheerfully accepted by this country , subject only to the condition that we must not be expected to depart from our good faith with other powers . Mr. Adair was then at Vienna , but it was a 611 matter of general knowledge , that when a negotiation was carrying on between two courts , that the correspondence from the court where the negotiation