speaker with whom he was acquainted . His right hon . friend had said , that his , majesty 's ministers were preserving the gloom of despotism upon every transaction , upon which they did not , shortly after the transaction took place , or whilst the consequences were yet flowing from it , give the fullest information to the house , and through that house to the public , and through the public to the enemy , by which the enemy might be enabled to defeat the objects of them . He had always thought that the constitution had solved that problem which his right hon . friend seemed to think insoluble , by enabling that house to steer between difficulties , and by uniting the promptness of the executive with the salutary corrective of its popular branch . But the extremity to which his right hon . friend had pushed his proposition was not to be maintained in argument or in fact , and the former of his motions allowed the principle which the whole tenor of his speech went to invalidate . His right hon . friend had complained of the sparingness with which his majesty 's ministers granted papers ; but he was sure his right hon . friend must be convinced that papers bad been laid upon the table this session in greater masses than upon any former occasion . It began to be the feeling of the house , that he and his colleagues had granted too many papers , and that the few which remained in the public offices should be retained there , if not for the guidance of future ministers , at least for the service of future oppositions . His right hon . friend had asserted , that because only extracts had been laid before the house , they were not entitled to credit ; and that the remainder of the documents , if produced , would contradict the tenor of the parts given to the public ; as well as that , because chasms existed in the chain of papers , those which were forthcoming were not to be credited . The instance which his right hon . friend had selected to prove a deception in the case of the three dispatches from lord , G. L. Gower , and upon which he dwelt with so much earnestness , as if they might have been written at intervals of some weeks , was rather 746 an unfortunate one for his argument ; because he had antecedently proved in his speech that they must all have been written between the 30th of August and the 2d of Sept . The clerical error of the copying clerk , in dating one of these dispatches the 2d instead of the 1st of Sept. was the ground upon which the right hon . gent . built his argument , to prove the deception which he imputed to his majesty 's ministers . But , in contending that these dispatches were framed with a view to justify his majesty 's Declaration of Dec. 19 , which was issued in answer to the emperor of Russia 's Declaration of Oct.26th which had been received in this country on the 3d of Dec. his right hon . friend gave credit to him and his colleagues for a portion of political sagacity which he was not , on other occasions , disposed to allow them . But as the observation had been applied not only to the dispatches from lord G. L. Gower , but to his answer to these dispatches , dated Sept. 17th , his right hon . friend cut him short a fortnight of the allowance of political sagacity . The view which his rt . hon . friend had taken of the statement in lord G. L. Gower 's dispatch , relative to the amicable tone assumed by gen. Budberg , was not maintainable in argument , or by the fact . Did his right hon . friend mean to say that general Budberg , at the time of adopting that tone , was not acquainted with the transactions at Copenhagen ? If