of American vessels bound to Europe , by which the remittances were to be procured , which Were to pay for our manufactures exported to America . contended that the Orders in Council were calculated to benefit the trade of the country , and that they tended to that object was the opinion of the greater part of the merchants of London , and of the merchants of Liverpool , even those of the latter who were engaged in the American trade ; and if the manufacturers in Yorkshire , or any other part of the country , had sustained losses , those losses were not to be attributed to the Orders in Council , but to other causes . argued that the assertions with respect to the benefit to be derived from the Orders in Council were not proved.—The amendment was negatived . A number of other amendments were subsequently moved by lords Auckland and Grenville , chiefly those which were moved and negatived in the committee . A long conversation took place upon them , which turned on the same points that formed the topics of discussion in the committee . The amendments were all negatived . —Upon the Clause for limiting the period for bringing actions again those who may have acted under the Orders in Council , Lord Grenville moved an extension of the time mentioned in the clause , 1255 as from the period specified it was impossible that any American who had reason to complain could seek redress . Upon this a division took place , For the Amendment 19 ; against it 52 . The bill was then read a third time and passed . The following Protest against this Bill was entered upon the journals : `` Dissentient ; 1st , Because the Bill appears to us to have been passed in manifest violation of the letter and spirit of the Standing Order of the house , No . 25 . A. D. 1702 , the maintenance of which Order is essential not only to the privileges of this house , but also to the fundamental principles of the government . 2dly , Because , the unprecedented manner in which Commercial Regulations of the highest importance are in this bill coupled with matter of Aid and Supply , and the precipitation with which the Bill has been hurried through the house , when evidence is about to be heard as to the effect of the late Orders in Council , in furtherance of which the bill is passed , give to this measure in our judgments a character which we are always unwilling to attach to any act of parliament . 3dly , Because , various Amendments proposed to be made to this Bill have been rejected , although the same were obviously necessary to give effect to those very provisions which the bill was intended to establish , and to remove doubts admitted to exist as to the legal construction of some of its most important provisions . 4thly , Because , the object is to give effect to the late Orders in Council , which it declares to have been expedient and necessary . Whereas , we conceive them to have been wholly unjust and unnecessary , and in the highest degree injurious to the most important interests of the country . ( Signed ) Grenville , Ponsonby , ( earl of Besborough ) , Nugent , ( Buckingham ) St. John , Spencer , Rawdon , ( earl of Moira , ) Erskine , Essex , Grey , Lauderdale , Ponsonby , ( of Immohilly ) Vassall Holland , Jersey , Clifton , ( earl of Darnley , ) Auckland . '' The Attorney General moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the law with regard to the course of proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the court of King 's Bench in certain cases ; for autho- 1256 rizing the execution in Scotland of certain warrants issued for offences committed in England ; and for requiring officers taking bail in the king 's suit to assign the bail bonds to the