431 liamentary inspection ; and he could assure the house , that the bank looked forward with anxiety to the period when it would resume its issues of specie , and cease to issue its one or two pound notes . thought that the arrangement with the bank was not so advantageous to the public as it ought to be , but thought it better to agree to it than to shew any appearance of hostility . considered the bargain of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , to be extremely disadvantageous to the interests of the public . defended the arrangement , as did also Mr. Carew , who as a member of the Committee of Finance , expressed his satisfaction that its suggestions for the public service had been thus attended to . —The different resolutions were then agreed to . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for certain papers , which would tend to throw some light on the nature of the relations , as they now existed , between this country and America , and on the terms and tendency of the treaty which , in Dec. 1806 , was concluded . between the two nations . It had fallen to his lot to be engaged more than once in discussions with the ministers of the united states , and , he had bestowed on what regarded the connection and mutual interests of the two states , all the attention , labour , and diligence , of which he was master , and which the high importance of the subject so seriously imposed on him . Indeed , the cultivating and maintaining of a good understanding with America , an understanding that included and promoted the reciprocal interests of the two countries , was , in his mind , the most material and important consideration that could possibly engage the attention of the British government and parliament , next to the care of conciliating and uniting , in one bond of union , all descriptions of his majesty 's subjects in these kingdoms . He had of late taken occasion , more than once , to express this opinion , and he now wished to repeat it in the most serious and solemn manner . This disposition powerfully animated his views and his conduct , whenever any thing occurred that threatened to embarrass or interrupt the friendly intercourse and connection of the two countries . In 432 the year 1794 , in consequence of events to which the war that broke out in the preceding year gave rise , he had to discuss and adjust some differences which then occurred with the united states . It was his good fortune to have to deal in that transaction with a man ( Mr. Jay ) , whose talents and disposition eminently qualified him for the office he had undertaken . Never in the course of his public life had he met with a person on whose probity , candour , and sincerity , he could so confidently rely . Mr. Jay felt the value and the necessity of a close and amicable connection between the two nations , and he laboured most impartially duly to weigh , and to ascertain the real interests of both . These unquestionably were qualifications indispensably necessary to a negotiator ; and no negotiation could be fairly carried on except in a mutual spirit of justice and impartiality . He trusted , that such was the spirit which actuated the negotiation at that time , and which brought it to a successful termination : sure he was , that Mr. Jay acted on these principles ; yet when he returned to his own country , he was accused , very unjustly indeed , of having sacrificed her interests , or yielded too far in favour of those of England . Mr. Jay had long since retired from public life ; but he felt happy in having this opportunity of paying a due tribute of praise to his character . Under the influence of this disposition were the late discussions with America carried on , and brought to