that the petition applied substantially to the bill before the house . contented , that the undoubted right of the subject to petition for redress of grievances was trifled with , when the petitioners were told one day , that it was exceptionable to petition against the bill , and another day that it was equally exceptionable to petition against the Orders in Council ; to which he contended this petition exclusively applied . argued against the petition . If his majesty recommended a vigorous prosecution of the war , it would be competent to petition against the continuance of the war , but not against any tax that might be imposed to carry on the war . maintained , that the petition in its present form ought to be received . The present petition was , in fact , altered from a form which was objected to , to a form deemed unexceptionable . If the petition in its present shape was objected to , he wished to know in what shape the aggrieved persons who signed it could apply for redress . felt it his duty to oppose the petition equally as the last , if it was in terms contrary to force . There was no objection but in point of form ; and if the petition were put in 897 proper form , no doubt the house would and must receive it . represented the extraordinary situation in which the house would be , if by any captious objections in point of form , the grievances of the petitioners should not be taken into consideration till the bill had gone out of the house . He understood the chancellor of the exchequer had represented the measure in some of his conferences with the merchants , to be not a measure of revenue : why then should it be now put on such a footing in order to preclude the petition ? But , in the present form the prayer was general , and therefore the petition ought to be received . thought it possible that in his conferences with the merchants , he might sometimes have said the measure was not intended as a revenue measure , neither was revenue the object , though revenue may be the means of carrying the other objects into execution . thought the present attempt to get rid of the petition a trick not unworthy of the worst attorney , or the worst exciseman , in the country . He hoped the house would not be involved in such absurdity as to come to a decision , and afterwards find themselves under the necessity of hearing evidence . It was their duty to give that degree of redress to the grievances that they could , and reject that part that was objectionable on account of form . blamed the cruelty of barring the petition in every shape . The petitioners might have applied to the king in council , they might have applied to parliament before the bill was introduced ; but now they could not apply to the king because the measure was before parliament , and they could not apply to parliament because it was a revenue bill . understood it to be the received sense , that , as applying to the bill before the house , the petition could not be received ; as distinct from that measure , it was unexceptionable . The remaining question was merely on the construction of the petition before the house , which he referred to the bill , and was of course of opinion that it could not be received . If a petition not applying to the bill should be offered , it must be received ; but whether the petitioners should , after all , be heard by counsel , was a separate question for the discretion of the house . contended that the petitioners ought to be heard , and evidence examined at the bar , for the purpose of putting the house in possession of the valuable information which the petitioners could give . It would be too late for them to present their petition