in violation of every principle , the characteristic of that sacred name , to have first robbed him of half his property , and obtained himself to be appointed receiver and comptroller of the other half ; but an honourable and gallant colonel ( Allen ) whose attachment to the noble marquis , and defence of his conduce is as natural as praiseworthy , says 'The nabob was not and independent prince , he could not expect to be treated as such . ' I have read something of this in two long publications gratuitously conveyed to me , on the eve of this motion ; and I have thought it my duty to wade through them . Does the noble marquis rest his defence on either of them ? Is it 'tali auxilio , defensoribus istis , ' that his cause rests ? —To satisfy any man of the wildness and extravagance of the doctrines contained in them , I need only state , that in one of them , the author , after deducing from Vattel , puffendorff , Montesquieu , and even Locke , the right to treat the nabob as our slave , represents him , as filling 'an office perfectly analogous to that of lord lieutenant of Ireland ; ' and by another author we are told 'that Oude was a dependent fief , the company paramount lord , and the nabob its vassal , ' and I think the result of his argument is , that not having taken from our vassal the whole of his dominion , we have treated him with 'signal indulgence . ' I should be ashamed to answer arguments ( if so they can be called ) like these ; but , I would ask the hon . Officer , who terms the nabob a dependent prince , as having no 1093 rights of sovereignty , except what were derived from the company , and to whom they reverted at their will and pleasure , how he could reconcile to one principle of common justice , much less of British generosity and magnanimity , the cruel and oppressive treatment of a dependent prince , subject to your power and will ? But , sir , if this unhappy prince had no independent power , if he possessed no power , no dominions or subjects , but those of the company , existing only in a combined and amalgamated state with theirs , what occasion for this treaty of 1798 , explanatory of the respective rights of the company , and of the prince ? If these doctrines have any foundation but in usurpation and tyranny , how came these words in the preamble of the treaty of 1798 : `` Whereas various treaties have been concluded at different times between the late nabob Sujah-ul-Dowlah Behader , and the nabob Asoph-ul-Dowlah Behader , and the hon . the East India company , to the mutual advantage of their respective dominions , the nabob , & c. & c. and sir John Shore , bart . on the part of the hon . the East India company , with the view to perpetuate the amity between the two states , & c. '' Are not these words conclusive of the opinion of the government of India at the time , that they were two distinct independent states , or dominions ? Is such a preamble consistent with the idea of a paramount lord and vassal ? Is not this a recognition of sovereign rights ? Besides , let it be recollected , if the nabob received his investiture from us , or from the mogul , from whom did we receive our dominion of Bengal , Bahar , and Orissa ? I should wish to see any treaty produced , where the language is more consistent with independent and mutual rights . But the right hon . bart . says , our right on this occasion was founded on usage also ; and he instances the interference of lord Cornwallis and lord Teignmouth , with the internal government of the nabob . Does the right hon . hart . seriously mean