increased tribute . Sir J . Shore , on learning the circumstances , ordered a considerable British force to march against the murderer , and notwithstanding the remonstrance of the nabob , drove him out and vested his succession in the infant son of the murdered eider brother . In the latter end of the year 1797 , this nabob , Azoph ul Dowlah , died , and a reputed son , vizier Ally , was placed on the musnud , with the usual forms of investiture obtained from the mogul through the influence of the governor general . This youth , under 20 years old , soon exhibited great profligacy and ferocity , with a determined hostility to the British interests . These accounts being brought to Fort William , accompanied by representations from many of the principal persons in Oude , ( to whom it was known that this youth was the son of a woman introduced into the zenena big with child , and of a father of the meanest order ) the injustice of permitting such a person to hold the musnud in preference to the next brother of the late nabob , and the son of Soujah ul Dowlah . On these considerations , sir J . Shore proceeded to Lucknow , where he had ordered a large body of British troops to meet him , and having satisfied himself of the justice and necessity of the measure , 1014 he deposed this young man , and established the next brother , and son of Soujah Dowlah . In these instances the governor general exercised a sovereignty not surpassed by any act of Aurungzebe over his vassal states . A new treaty was made , with this nabob vizier Saadut Ally , for an increased British force , with an increased subsidy , and some important districts were ceded to the company , with reimbursement of the expence of putting their army in motion . Soon after this , sir J . Shore returned to Europe . His successor , on his arrival in Bengal , found that country agitated with an expected invasion by Zeman Schah , and soon after by the insurrection of the deposed young nabob vizier at Benares , where having collected a number of followers , he murdered the resident , with some other Englishmen , and fled into the province of Oude , where he collected between 5 and 6000 men , and was joined by some of the present nabob 's troops who had been sent to stop his progress . These having been defeated by part of the British army , and the insurrection quelled , and Zeman Schah being fortunately obliged to fall back by disturbances in his own country , gave time to examine the state of Oude , and take the measures necessary for the defence of that province , which was the first object of Zeman Schah 's invasion . It appeared that there was a rabble of an army amounting to near 40,000 , but of a nature that the nabob declared he considered them as his enemies , and could not think himself safe in Lucknow without a considerable British force near his person . The British generals all declared that the existence of that army would be a powerful diversion in favour of Zeman Schah , in case he resumed his intention , and the nabob , impressed at that time with the danger , earnestly applied to the governor general for his assistance to reduce it , who in consequence sent a most able British officer to effect that great object . In this situation of things the war with Tippoo broke out , and the governor general went to the Carnatic , where having by great energy collected and put in motion in a few months the most powerful army ever assembled in India , Seringapatam was taken , Tippoo killed , and his whole dominions possessed by the English . Having by a skilful and fortunate enterprise at Hyderabad destroyed the French influence there , and having by his regulations in Mysore brought all the resources of