subject of peace he earnestly besought ministers to reflect that an industrious people could only support a war so protracted and so arduous , under the hope of peace ; a hope which must be extinguished , unless ministers should prove themselves disposed to peace , upon fair terms , and open to negotiation for the purpose of obtaining it . should take another opportunity of stating his sentiments on the Danish Expedition , and should content himself declaring them in passing , that as an Englishman he felt disgraced by it . He had risen only to state what he knew of the proceedings in Yorkshire . He had been applied to by very respectable delegates from that county to become the chairman of their meeting , but had declined , and endeavoured to dissuade them from their purpose of petitioning for peace . He assured them , that such a proceeding would do no good , and might embarrass government in the negociation which he supposed was then carrying on . To his arguments they had replied , that they were starving , not only from the effects of the war , but of the late Orders in Council . He advised them , instead of petitioning against the war and the Orders in Council , to petition for the removal of the king 's ministers . [ Hear ! Hear ! ] He repeated that he had given this advice , and he contended that there were men to be found in that house , who would conduct the affairs of the country with greater honour and more prospect of peace than the present ministers . rose merely for the purpose of asking for an explanation from minisers upon one point in the speech , which , according to his construction of it , appeared utterly irreconcileable with truth . They had been told , that as soon as the Treaty of Tilsit had been signed , his majesty had been apprized of the design of the enemy to employ the Danish fleet 87 against this country , and the speech added , that it then became the duty of his majesty to place that fleet out of the reach of the enemy . The Treaty of Tilsit had been signed on the 7th of July , and it was not till the 8th of August that the intelligence of that event had reached this country . Admiral Gambier sailed from England on the 26th of July , and what he wished to be informed of was , whether ministers had received the intelligence of the Treaty of Tilsit in sufficient time to allow of the necessary delay in moving troops to the coast , providing transports , embarking , & c. previous to the sailing of the expedition ; that he believed to be impossible : the speech front the throne was not to be discussed in that house alone , it would go forth to Europe , and be combated paragraph by paragraph , by men who would not want dexterity in examining its contents , and it was therefore the more necessary to correct the anachronism , and not send the speech forth with its own refutation . In philosophy , the cause preceded the effect , here the effect preceded the cause . He desired to know , therefore , Whether ministers had information of the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit previous to the sailing of the expedition , or Whether their information related to any engagements entered into previous to the signing of that treaty ? observed , that it would have been proper , before ministers involved us in fresh wars , for them to consider , whether the cause of them was just . He might approve of their conduct as to the Copenhagen expedition completely , when further information was laid before the house , but , with only such facts as those that had hitherto been stated , he could not possibly acquiesce in that part of the address which implied a tacit acknowledgment of the propriety of their proceedings , and on that account he