house of commons were to send up a bill , Whereas it is expedient that tithes he abolished , without pointing out why it was expedient , he certainly should not consider himself at liberty to vote for it . strongly objected to the bill , upon the grounds of its inutility . No case of necessity , in his mind , had been made out to induce the house to adopt such a measure , and the length of time which the former bill had been before the house was a convincing argument against passing the present one , the former having lain upon the table until it was almost suffocated by the papers which overwhelmed it , until it was rescued from obscurity by a noble duke ; then not in his place ( the duke of Norfolk ) . vindicated the late government from the charge of apathy and indifference towards the fate of the Reversion-bill of last year . He himself had , upon the 18th of June , moved the second reading . He and his noble friends , however , had every reason to expect that this measure would have been patronized by the present government , who had put into the king 's Speech , upon two occasions , an exhortation to the parliament in favour of public economy . The noble lords , therefore , on his side of the house , might not think it their duty . to anticipate the avowed intention of ministers , unless 1053 any unreasonable delay took place in carrying such intention into effect . The house then divided on lord Arden 's motion : Contents - 52 Non-contents 45 Proxies - 32—84 Proxies - 39—84 The numbers on each side being equal , the non-contents . according to the usage of the house , carried it.—Upon the re-admission or strangers , lord Redesdale was on his legs , proposing to the committee , that the preamble of the bill should not be postponed ; which was negatived without a division . then moved , as an amendment , that the following words be inserted in the first clause of the bill , until the 1st day of June , 1810 ' . Holland , and Spencer , opposed this amendment ; but said that , rather than give up the bill itself , or risk the chance of losing it altogether , they should not he , if the sense of the house should be for the amendment , disposed to oppose the bill so amended . entirely approved of the amendment ; as , in the course of the time so limited , the public would have a practical experience of the advantages likely to result from the bill , and parliament would be enabled to ascertain how far the principle might be extended , and to what specific abuses it might be applied . disapproved of the amendment ; and said that if his noble and learned friend on the cross-bench had thought proper to divide the house upon his amendment , he should have voted in support of it . The question was then put upon the amendment , and the house divided : Contents 21 ; on-contents 59 : Majority against the amendment 38.—The several clauses were then read and agreed to . presented a Message from his majesty relative to the Swedish Treaty , being the same with that presented in the house of lords . Mr. Canning then moved , that the Message be referred to the committee of supply to-morrow ; observing , that in the course of the present evening he should have it in his power to lay on the table of the house a copy of the Treaty . remarking that the policy of the treaty might be a subject of important deliberation , recommended that a longer time should be allowed to elapse after the house were put into possession of the treaty , before they were called upon to consider his majesty 's Message . maintained the propriety of referring the Message to the committee of supply to-morrow . If such a serious