excited , whose court continued its confidential intercourse with us after that period ? Or , he might even venture 375 to ask , was it in Russia ? for there he was informed , that much the greater number of people considered the expedition as a necessary measure of self-defence on the part of this country . Those nations who were under the domination of France were obliged to express whatever sentiments were prescribed for them ; but if one was to take the public feeling of Europe from those nations that were not yet entirely within the tyranny of France , he believed it would be found that the Expedition had not produced that odium and disgust which had been stated by the noble lord . As to the conversation which the noble lord had mentioned , of the 4th of Sept. he had never beard of that conversation before , nor were ministers at all aware of it . The common safety of the globe required the measure which had been adopted . Nothing prevented France from acquiring universal dominion but the naval power of Great Britain . It alone formed the security of America , Europe , Asia , and Africa . His majesty felt that he owed to his subjects the step he had taken . It was , indeed , no ordinary step ; but was it an ordinary situation of affairs , when we ourselves were the only independent power in Europe ? Two sources of the power of our enemy were to be the navy of Denmark and the navy of Portugal . They were both happily removed out of his grasp . He had told us that he was resolved to have 'ships , colonies , and commerce . ' And to effect this end no power in Europe was to be allowed to remain neutral . Those who contemplated , as they ought , the power of France , and considered , at the same time , that personal safety was the first law of nature , must agree that his majesty 's ministers had averted the danger which seemed to threaten the country , with as much mildness as the case would admit of . declared , supposing for an instant , Zealand and the Danish navy to be in the possession of Denmark , and the French to be in possession of Holstein , that he should think it more practicable to invade this country from Boulogne , than Zealand from Holstein . As to the situation of the Danish fleet , it seemed to his lordship to be exactly what it was when he first knew it about eight and forty years ago . Having been employed by the late government in the expedition to the Tagus , he was prepared to say , that there was no resemblance whatever between the conduct that would have been 376 pursued in that case , and what had been followed in the present . said , there never was a question in this or the other house of parliament , of more interest to the country than the present ; nor one which more strongly affected the honour of the nation in the eyes of the whole world . So far from thinking the measure justified by what had fallen from the noble lord opposite ( Hawkesbury ) in the latter part of his speech , in which he had held it out as something which had saved the country from ruin , he remained satisfied , after the most deliberate consideration he could give the subject , that so far from adding to the safety of the country , that point on which its safety most particularly depended , he meant its honour , had not only been greatly weakened , but had in fact received a mortal stab . The noble lord had treated it as a question of necessity , arising out of that first of all duties , self-preservation . In that view of the subject , his lordship should attempt to follow him . He had endeavoured to make out three propositions : 1st