his conduct to be wholly irregular , and highly censurable . If a libel was published upon any member of the house , it was competent for that member to move that the libel should be read in the house ; but the house would not ground any proceedings upon the libel till it was upon their table . This practice , which he contended to be invariably adhered to , was supported by an analogy which was completely impregnable . On the 29th of Nov. 1767 , it was contended by Mr. Grenville , on the one side , that it was competent for any member to demand that any part of the journals of the house should be read : and , on the other side , it was argued by Mr. Dyson that this could only be done in consequence of a vote of the house , and that this point of form was now waved for the convenience of the speaker . Mr. Adam asserted , that it was in the competence of the house to enforce its observation . A vote of the house was not necessary , however , to authorize the reading of such papers as were upon the table of the house , whether in consequence of an address of the house , or by command of his majesty ; and in this case any individual member could , at his own instance , demand that they should be read . In support of this doctrine he appealed to the authority of Mr. Hatsell , and of Mr. Speaker Onslow ; and the conclusion he drew from it was this : that the house never came to a decision on any evidence , of which it was not in the power of any individual member of the house to compel the reading , either long or short , to use the technical term ; and that any member who presumed , of his own accord , to read official documents which were not before the house , was guilty of a flagrant violation of its forms of proceeding , and of an infraction of the law of parliament . Mr. Adam quoted two remarkable cases , in which an attempt of this kind had been checked . The first took place at a very extraordinary period of the history of this country , when we were in alliance with France and Prussia , and were endeavouring to prevail upon the Low Countries to join us in a confederacy against a league which was formed between Spain and Austria . An address 902 was then moved in the house of peers ; in seconding which the duke of Newcastle read part of a letter which he had received from Mr. Stanhope , the British minister at the court of Madrid , containing information respecting certain articles of the treaty supposed to have been signed between Spain and Austria . The duke was immediately asked whether he was authorized to read this letter ; and on his answering that he had the king 's permission to read a part of it , lord Lechmere observed , that in this case the document went for nothing . Here then was a precedent drawn from the practice of parliament , which clearly shewed that it was irregular in debate to quote any paper which had not been regularly submitted to parliament . And the case to which he alluded bore directly upon the circumstances on which he meant to found his present motion . The papers quoted by the right honourable secretary , on the 3d of Feb. were not before the house in either of the two regular modes by which public papers could be laid before the house , viz . in consequence of the command of his majesty , or of a vote of that house ; and therefore could not be read in debate , conformably with the law and practice of parliament . Mr. Adam next quoted , in support of the same doctrine , the more recent authority both of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox . In 1792 , when