as an expedient . But , it was not merely in the measure of the Orders in Council that this disregard for the friendship and amity of America was evinced . The same feeling uniformly characterised every proceeding of the king 's ministers with regard to that country . It was manifested in the tone and temper of the communications which had recently taken . 1273 place between the two governments , and most conspicuously so in the manner in which the negocation , which , in concert with my noble friend near me , I had the honour to conduct , was so improvidently and intemperately broken off by his majesty 's secretary for foreign affairs ( Mr . Canning . ) And , with respect to that treaty , I must be allowed to offer a few observations , in order to rebut the misrepresentations which have been so industriously circulated out of doors on this subject . It has been asserted , that the executive authority of America had actually sent back the treaty itself , with a refusal to ratify it ; and that certain amendments were affixed , without which it would never be sanctioned in that country . It is not true that such a proceeding took place . It was true that a copy of the treaty had been transmitted from America , with certain explanations , which the president of the U . States had temperately recommended as proper to be maturely determined , particularly upon the point affecting the right of our armed ships to impress American seamen . No such peremptory admission was affixed , and , therefore , it is with no small share of astonishment , that in the form in which the copy of that treaty is printed for the use of this house , and with the proposed amendments affixed to the margin , I find the source from whence this impression on the public mind originated . I do not charge any person with such an intention , but am certain that it was calculated , and actually did produce this delusive effect ; and , moreover , I do assert , that these proposed amendments were not meant as the sine qua non , without which the president of the U . States would not sanction the treaty . In all former discussions on the subject of the Orders in Council , the great ground upon which ministers have ventured to defend them , the . only point of justification on which they rely , is the Order of the 7th of Jan. 1807 , which the late administration had conceived it its duty to enforce . If , therefore , this ground be proved to be not only untenable , but that ministers themselves were aware of its not being at all applicable to the system which they have pursued , there is a duty left for this house to interpose by is solemn and recorded resolution The Order of the 7th of Jan. did not excite in America any strong objections against the principle of the policy . The uneasiness that was there excited , and the apprehensions which were 1274 entertained on that subject , arose from a total misconception of the American government as to the legal construction , of that Order . It was supposed by them , that the operation of that , Order was directed , not only against the coasting trade of the enemy , but to interrupt neutrals in a commerce of discharge from port to port of the enemies territories . That is , an American ship , trading direct to Bordeaux , and there having disposed of a part of her cargo , was restricted from continuing her voyage to any other port , for instance , Amsterdam , in order to sell the remaining part of her cargo . Accordingly we find , that Mr. Madison , in a note to the British envoy , did express such an apprehension , and his majesty 's present ministers were advised of such a communication being made , in April last . What was