alone that this distinct consideration now was a point of justice , but also to the gentlemen in the house who might differ from his majesty 's ministers as to the propriety of the plans that might be carried into effect . Those gentlemen would naturally wish to bear testimony , as warmly as any others . to the meritorious conduct of his majesty 's army and navy ; but they would find difficulty in doing so with satisfaction , if the merits of the army and the navy were not submitted in a shape wholly distinct from the conduct of ministers . The only question that could be entertained on the particular service for which he proposed to ask the thanks of the house was , whether , taking the whole character of the achievement , the difficulties that were overcome , and the manner of surmounting them , the conduct of the army and navy in the whole of the proceedings was such , as to call for the greatest reward a grateful nation could bestow—the thanks of the country by the organ of its representative body . He submitted this motion , with a full consideration of the jealousy with which parliament ought always to guard against giving the distinguished sanction of its approbation to services , not of an amount sufficient to entitle them to this high reward . With respect to the nature and amount of the service performed at Copenhagen , there could be but one opinion as to its being of the highest importance . Whether the magnitude of the object that called forth the exertion , the 166 extent of the means employed , or the result of the enterprise was considered , there would hardly be found in the history of this country , an enterprise in which the exertion of naval and military skill and power had been put forth with so much energy and effect . He allowed the exceptions which the hon . gentlemen opposite had to the expedition , in a moral and political point of view , might in their eyes take from the value of the service rendered to the country . But , so large a naval force not only rescued from the hands of the enemy , but added to our own naval power , could not surely be considered in any other light than as an accession of strength that called for a just tribute of approbation and acknowledgment to those by whom it was obtained . It was a more natural question to examine whether the difficulties opposed to our force were of such a nature and amount as to constitute a claim to a very high degree of credit for having overcome them , and on this head he conceived that he observed a sort of scepticism on the other side , and to some , though not any considerable extent , out of doors . It was argued by those persons , that the operation had been so easy , so simple , so little attended with opposition or difficulty , that the army and navy were not entitled for its accomplishment , to that mode of thanks which , on other occasions , it was usual to bestow on them . He , however , knew well , that there had been difficulties of very serious magnitude to overcome . It was certain , that his majesty 's ministers , when they had been determined on the painful duty of undertaking this expedition , at a very critical conjuncture , had at the same time , felt it incumbent on them to prepare such a force , as , by taking away all hope of effectual resistance , would force Denmark to a quiet submission to the demands made in his majesty 's name , or enforce compliance , with the least possible loss to his majesty 's forces and to the Danes , whose blood it was equally a matter of desire and of feeling to spare . On this principle , the force that was already in the Baltic for the purpose of co-operating with the