he adverted to the decision in the case of the Sampson , and said that it was the most extraordinary that ever was heard of , since the judge had avowed that he had never seen the Spanish Decree , upon which that decision must have been founded . He did not impute this to his learned friend , the judge of the admiralty court ; but to this Sampson who had been 976 strong enough to pull down sir W. Scott , the law of the land , and the law of nations . He then proceeded to vindicate his construction of the statutes , and affirmed , that no language could be more precise in favour of the opinion which he had stated . He repeated the arguments respecting the right of retaliation . We had no right to retaliate through the medium of a neutral , except that state was too weak to resist , or showed a disposition to acquiesce . But America had shewn every disposition to resist . There was no proof of her acquiescence , and in fact the decree had not been put in execution against her , in the sense which ministers ascribed to it.—The house then divided on the question . Contents 30 Proxies 31—61 Not Contents 67 — 60—127 Majority against the Resolutions—66 . pursuant to notice , rose to submit his motion to the house , founded upon the 14th Report of the commissioners of Naval Inquiry . The object of the bill , which he had to propose , was to carry into effect , both the spirit and letter of the charter of Greenwich Hospital . Before he proceeded to make his motion , he begged that the report of the commissioners , who had been appointed on a former occasion to inquire into the state of that hospital , should be read . By the charter of the hospital , which was granted in the 16th Geo . iii . it was required , that all the officers of the hospital should be persons who had served his majesty in the navy , and had lost limbs or been disabled in the service . The provisions of the charter it appeared had not been complied with ; but it was not the object of his bill to interfere with any of the existing appointments , or emoluments ; its sole purpose being to provide that the charter should in future be complied with both in letter and in spirit . Another part of his bill would provide for a public saving , by requiring persons holding such offices to give up their half pay . His bill was also to extend to the institution of the Naval Asylum . which had been established for the encouragement of the naval service , and if ever there had been a time when they ought to do every thing consistent with economy and the interest of the service for that object , it was the present . These were the 977 clauses which he intended to introduce into this bill , and there was also another , to provide that the bill should not extend to any persons holding offices at this moment either in the Naval Asylum or Greenwich Hospital , though it was to provide , that in future no persons but such as had served a certain number of years in the navy , or been disabled in the service , should hold any office in either establishment . It had also been his intention to introduce a clause to provide that all sums granted for the use of Greenwich Hospital , should be paid into the bank of England ; but as he understood that regulations were to be adopted , which would render that clause unnecessary , he should not press it . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the encouragement of his majesty 's Naval Service , by regulating the appointment to Officers in the Naval Assylum , and in Greenwich Hospital . stated , that immediately after his appointment to the office he then held ,