for fifteen anxious years , we are grown weary of the honourable conflict , the noble task , with which ail Europe rings from side to side.—We are fatigued by an adherence to the principles and practices of our ancestors , and have begun a race of iniquity with our antagonist , now that lie has so long got the start of us . As we are making such good speed , it is fit that we inquire whether we are in the right road , or whether we have forsaken the beaten path and are wandering , God knows whither ! into trackless deserts , and dangerous quagmires . 1203 It is fitting that we should pause before we learn this hew alphabet of meanness and mistake , fur if we say A , we must say B also , and must go through to the last letter . An admission of such principles as are now avowed , is unbounded in its consequences . It is not a sudden gust , but the steady trade wind , that will carry us out of our course into unknown seas and unforeseen perils . Bad precedents are the most dreadful legacy we can leave to those that follow us . They are 'hæreditas damnosa , ' like the bequest of Mirabeau to his friend when he left to him the payment of his debts ; we can not get rid of the liabilities , we can not cut off the entail—for nations , sir , in this world have that future existence , the belief of which is so necessary to prevent individuals from preferring the present tempting violence to the future and permanent reward . The nation of next year and next century must reap the harvest sown by the nation of this year and this century . The criminality of the fact is limited in its extent and duration , and perhaps in it 's consequences.—But , sir , to preach violence and rapine , to affirm that there is no rule for human action but the interested judgment Of those who happen to have power , this , Sir , this is striking a blow at the heart of Society . Such a doctrine must be felt in every age , and in every country . It is absolving and proclaiming a general pardon to all ? the tyrants of the world ; for which will nit plead state ? necessity ? It is unspeakably important to be correct in our Opinion on such subjects , for the happiness and tranquillity of millions are concerned.—To make a mistake , here , in the law that keeps the earth from being a desert , and man front being a wild beast , is most momentous . The law of nations is an extraordinary code , and has most peculiar properties . It is extremely penal , —it in-forces it 's sentence by fire and sword , in letters of blood , and generally in the blood of the innocent.—In this happy Country we require of a penal law that the delinquency should be incontestible , and that the interpretation should be favourable . But in national law there is no public that we now seem to fear , and it is left without tribunal or sanction . We seem to have forgotten not only our sense of honour , but our reasonable fear of retaliation and revenge : our insular situation renders us peculiarly liable to the temptation of departing from this law , for we can scarcely need the protection that 1204 it affords . If loss accrues , the only effects are pecuniary . How far this security has operated , it is dreadful to think and how long we may be permitted to . be secure , it is as dreadful to doubt.—Indeed , sir , some symptoms of compuncation or uneasiness have been expressed by one right hon . gent . of whom I am glad to entertain the same opinion , that is entertained by his friends ; however frequently the tides and currents of public affairs may accidentally carry him away from