, that his mind was very much prejudiced upon the question not now before them . He would not however , be tempted by any thing that had fallen from the right hon . gent . to transgress the limits of the present question , not even to reply to the charge , that ministers had planned the expedition from no other than the paltry motive of keeping their places ; the solidity and justice of which he should leave with the cool judgment of the house , and the cool judgment of the right hon . gent . himself . What he meant now to observe was , that the reasoning of the rt . hon . gent. , if corroborated by the decision of the house , would be extremely prejudicial to the public service . He seemed to be of opinion that no service was entitled to the thanks of parliament , except it was the cause of a general and triumphant feeling , compleatly unmixed with any regret , and that there could be no merit , under any circumstances , either in a retreat or defeat , to entitle it to such an honour . He begged leave , in opposition to this doctrine , to remind the right hon . gent . that adm. Cornwallis received the thanks of the house for the judgment and bravery which he displayed in presence of a superior force , when no engagement , and consequently no victory , took place . The thanks of the house had also been voted to the governors of Madras and Bombay , for their activity in forwarding the views of the governor general of Bengal . When lord Hood took possession of Corsica , unaccompanied with any of the circumstances which the right hon . gent . had contended were necessary to the establishment of such a claim , he had received the same mark of approbation . The very circumstance of the service in question being painful to the feelings of those employed in it , he considered as an additional reason why it should not pass unrewarded , and if any thing more than another could add to the merit of the officers employed in the expedition against Copenhagen , it was their having obtained a cheap and bloodless victory , in com- 178 parison of what it would have been had they battered and stormed the town , in which case , perhaps the right hon . gent . would have had no objection to their receiving the thanks of parliament . For his part , he conceived that their conduct was highly meritorious for its temper and moderation . At the same time , they had taken care not to hazard the object they had in view . The right hon . gent . appeared also to think , that nothing had been done by the navy , and that if the thanks of the house were voted to the army , at least they ought not to be voted to the navy . Could a single instance be found of a conjunct expedition , in which because one description of force did only all that it could do , the thanks of parliament where withheld from it ? Even when the navy had only landed the troops in Egypt for instance , in which although the navy certainly made excellent arrangements for the disembarkation of the army , yet by the latter the victory was won , for which the thanks of parliament were voted to both . He hoped the house would make no distinction between the services . He hoped the house would separate the present question from the question of the policy of the measure . He hoped the house would not refuse their thanks to the officers engaged in this expedition , because they had executed a painful and heart-breaking duty . ( A cry of hear ! hear ! ) He repeated , that it certainly was a painful and heart-breaking duty . He had never contemplated the subject , either before or since the expedition had taken effect , but