lap . America , as I have said , continued to smuggle your goods into France , for her own interest , and France contrived to buy them for her 's . The people huzzaed their emperor in the Thuilleries every day , but they broke his laws every nigh . This was our condition before the 11th of Nov. England had the trade of the whole world , 941 whilst France had only an empty libel upon the law of nations stuck up on the p—g posts in Paris.—This vigorous state of health , which continued up to the 11th of Nov. his majesty 's ministers unfortunately mistook for plethora or dropsy , and they began stabbing themselves instead of consulting their physician . At that period not a complaint was to be heard throughout England , except such as every war must inevitably produce . I believe , indeed , that out of Doctors ' Commons the existence of the Decree of the 21st of Nov. was scarcely known or heard of . But how is it now , in consequence of your attempt to counteract what never had been in action ? Even already you are beginning to be surrounded by the cries of distress and discontent in every quarter . My lords , the cause is most obvious . France had not the means of giving effect to her Decree , even if her policy would have permitted her to enforce it . She had no ships to turn American navigation out of its course , till , in an evil hour , G. Britain stepped in to help her . Strange as it may appear , my lords , you are employing your shipping to stop your own trade upon the seas ; you are making prisons of your free ports , to frighten away the only remaining neutral from entering them ; and playing the very game of France , by throwing America into her arms against yourselves , when she would soon have been provoked to fight by your side if her commerce with this country had been interrupted . And this , it seems , is retaliation ! —My lords , the blunder of this proceeding , putting the law and justice of it wholly out of the question , so strongly reminds me of a curious instance of retaliation , which was lately resorted to in Ireland , that I can not help mentioning it to your lordships . Nothing is further from my mind than any national reflection : no man indeed admires more than I do the character of the Irish ; they are a noble and a generous people , and most , remarkable for their spirit and genius . It is that vis animœ perhaps which is supposed now and then , amongst the uneducated vulgar , to interfere with that precision which is the characteristic of colder habits.—An Irish banker , my lords remarkable for his zeal as a magistrate in suppressing insurrections , having become obnoxious to a gang of robbers in his neighbourhood , they formed a combination to ruin him ; and the method proposed by these clear-headed people was to burn ail his notes wherever 942 they could find them : for this purpose , they beset the houses of many of his customers , and having committed some thousands of these notes to the flames , assembled to rejoice over the vengeance they had taken upon the banker . The account of their vengeance was easily to be cast up by every body but themselves . The banker of course was just the gainer by every note that was burned . I laughed heartily , my lords , in the summer , when I heard this story ; but , upon telling it again since last Nov. every body looked grave , and scarcely could find out any joke . Your Orders in Council , my lords , had put it in the shade.—How very different , my lords , was the conduct of Mr. Pitt , whose example I should have thought would have been looked up to . A