granting of this honour , but rather the circumstances of difficulty and danger through which it was accomplished . It was in this point of view that he objected to a vote of thanks in the present instance . Had it been proposed only to thank the army , he might , although in some measure objecting to it on the grounds before stated , have been induced to give it no opposition ; but when it was proposed also to thank the navy employed in this expedition , he felt himself compelled to oppose it , because there was no opportunity for the display of naval skill . He could not sufficiently impress upon the house the great importance of not rendering the high and peculiar honour of the thanks of parliament too common : in order to preserve its value it ought to be reserved for great occasions , for brilliant exploits and splended victories , as in the Roman republic triumphs were never granted but for the most splendid achievements . In the present instance , he thought there were not opportunities given for the display of those qualities ; the exercise of which ought to entitle officers to the thanks of parliament ; and therefore , viewing the question as he did , entirely upon public principles , he felt himself painfully and reluctantly compelled to oppose the motion . said , that it was with great regret he felt himself under the necessity of differing from his noble friend . He approved of the manner in which the noble secretary had introduced the motion . Nothing could have been more improper than to have connected it with the political expediency of the attack upon Copenhagen . It would have been highly improper , if the troops employed on any occasion should exercise their judgment as to the propriety of the object . The troops which were sent to Copenhagen went there , under the impression that they 160 were going to combat for the honour and interests of their country . The only question , therefore , which could properly be taken into consideration by the house was , whether they had well performed the duty assigned to them . If that duty was well performed , it would not become the house to refuse their thanks . His lordship was satisfied in his own mind , that every person engaged in that expedition had done his duty , and therefore he would give his cordial support to the motion . although no man more deprecated the deviation of this country from the sanctioned principles of moral and national justice , was still willing to give his vote of approbation for the energy , promptitude , zeal , and humanity , with which the officers who commanded , had executed that sad and melancholy service . contended , that the manner in which the service was executed amply deserved the thanks of parliament . With respect to thanks not being voted to lord Hood , for obtaining possession of Toulon and the French fleet in that harbour , there was in that instance no opportunity for the display of naval or military skill , the town having been delivered up to that noble lord whilst he was blockading the port , by one of the contending factions in that place which had obtained the ascendancy . He could not admit that valour alone was a ground for voting the thanks of parliament ; were that the case , not a week would pass over his head in the situation which he had the honour to hold , but he should have to call for the thanks of parliament for exploits of the greatest bravery . It was , he contended , the eminent display of skill and science , combined with the magnitude and importance of the object , that more peculiarly deserved that high honour . In the attack upon Copenhagen skill and science had eminently been displayed in the dispositions made for the attainment of the desired object . The noble lord ( Holland ) seemed to think it possible , that he