saying , that he should argue the question , as if the necessity had been proved ; and yet he took occasion to reprobate both the justice and policy of the measure , in the most severe and unqualified terms . The only reason which he had assigned for departing from the line of argument which he himself had laid down , was , that he feared he might be considered as 'coquetting ' with the house , 653 if he did not let them know his entire opinion . The house might , perhaps , have excused a little of that sort of coquetting . The noble lords who entertained the same opinion that he did , might also have excused it . They might have applied to the noble and learned lord the well-known lines— Perhaps it was right to dissemble your love , But why should you kick us down stairs ? It appeared to him most undeniable , that a case of necessity was so made out , as fully justified the expedition , and the possessing ourselves of the Danish fleet ; but as hostilities had since broke out between this country and Denmark , in spite of all our efforts to avert it , he did not see on what principle , or from what precedents we could be called upon to restore what we had taken from a neutral , but which was condemned as the property of an enemy after hostilities had broken out . As he therefore thought the expedition just , because it was necessary , and as he thought the ships had been fairly condemned , when the power they were taken from became an enemy , he could not support a resolution which implied that the seizure was unjust , and which would , in a manner , pledge the country to make restitution of that which he did not think we could be justly called upon to restore . argued at considerable length to shew the injustice and impolicy of the expedition to Copenhagen , and the expediency of agreeing to the noble visc . 's motion . He concurred with his noble and learned friend , as to the Old Bailey kind of necessity urged in its defence . And with respect to eventually retaining the fleet in our possession , it was surely impossible that we could think of doing so , after the declaration made to the Danes , in which it was expressly stated , that their fleet was required as ' a deposit ' in our hands . Were We to attempt ultimately to keep them , we should act like a man , who , from the apprehension of being attacked by thieves on the road , should , for his defence , seize a fowling-piece from a neighbour , who was too weak to resist him , and afterwards point the identical weapon against its master 's breast , and go out sporting with it for a whole season . His noble and learned friend had been accused of kicking his majesty 's ministers down stairs in the debate . This he certainly had not done , for the former discussions on this subject had long left them at the 654 bottom . He congratulated himself , that he had at least entered a solemn Protest against the measure adopted by his maj. 's government , and by that means had escaped the accusation of being a partner in their guilt . This country had formerly been the day-star of Europe . To her Europe had looked for an example of steady fidelity and honour , and adherence to the law of nations . If from this proud eminence of reputation , she should be hurled by the criminal conduct of his majesty 's ministers , we should irrecoverably sink into the gulph of ruin and infamy , and no one would say 'God bless us . ' opposed the motion of the noble viscount , and deprecated the conduct of that eighth wonder of the world , the last administration , who having by their weak counsels , and