but what related to the duties to be granted to his majesty . In that committee , however , it was perfectly competent to any member to use all the arguments and inducements , direct and collateral , which were calculated to produce assent to or dissent from the question agitated . Undoubtedly , evidence could not be examined in that committee ; but should evidence be deemed indispensible , the chairman might report progress , and the house , if they thought fit , might go into a larger scope of enquiry . conceived the regulations in the bill to be a complete innovation of the navigation laws . It was a bill not of finance , for the right hon . gent . could not name the amount of the duties to be expected from it ; but it was a bill of regulation and prohibition , which never could originate in a committee of ways and means . It was a financial measure in appearance only ; in reality it was a measure of commercial regulation , and that , too , of the very greatest importance . He had only got the bill to . day , and hoped it would not be pressed forward this night ; but that a committee of trade would be appointed to consider it . wished to know , whether the duties imposed by the bill could , if the bill were passed , be petitioned against by the persons interested , during the present year The answer would show what was the character of the bill . observed , that the bill came before hint only as a revenue bill , and consequently that the duties could not be so petitioned against . The house then divided : — For Mr. Tierney 's motion 55 Against it 118 Majority 63 . [ ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL . ] The house resolved itself into a committee on the Orders in Council Bill . On the first clause of the bill being read , took an opportunity of censuring the incongruity between the bill and the American Treaty bill , that had been recently passed , which he contended were in direct contradiction to each other . replied , that there was no inconsistency in the bills to which the rt . hon . gent . had alluded . The American Treaty bill went merely to continue the provisions of an act that was shortly to expire , and as that was a measure to which America was no party , and contained a clause for its amendment or repeal in the present session , any alteration which th legislature might think fit to make in it could not be a violation of any engagement with America . The bill then before the house would have the effect of repealing only one or two clauses of that bill , whilst the remaining clauses it contained would still continue in force.— After some further conversation the clause was agreed to . On the clause enacting certain duties on Cotton Wool or Yarn , and Jesuits bark , being read , rose to move , that the words 'Jesuits Bark ' be omitted . He did not think it very necessary to examine minutely the details or the bill , believing that it could never be executed , as a war with America would probably be the consequence . But he wished to mark his most decided disapprobation of the principle of the prohibition , as far as it regarded the bark . In the first place , the right hon . gent . was deceived in supposing that there was such a want of bark on the continent . He had said , that bark had risen in France from 10 to 70s . the pound ; —but that which bore the higher price was not the common bark , but the red bark , which was always dearer . There was no reason whatever to suppose that the pressure from want of common bark would be such as to be an inducement to the enemy to apply for peace . The