his duty in this house . 2dly , The small portion of information which had been laid on the table : and , 3dly , The information which ministers had refused . As to the first of these points , his right hon . friend , in whose public conduct he felt a sincere interest , had read an extract of a letter from lord Howick , which called down the rebuke to which he had adverted ; he then read extracts of the letters of Mr. Garlike , and left the house to gather from them , that the intentions of Denmark were hostile . Unless the papers were produced , there never was so foul a quotation as those in both instances . He did not say that his right hon . friend absolutely read from the letters , things that he knew to be contradicted in the next paragraphs ; but he supposed some clerk in his office had put these extracts in his hands , telling him that they might be of use in affording some shadow of ground for the Danish expedition : and his right hon . friend had , not purposely but carelessly , taken them without further examination . But a secretary , of whom he had not so good an opinion as he had of his right hon . friend , might possibly , upon this principle , tell one of his clerks to make out a justification some way ; advising him not to be nice , but to take a scrap here and a scrap there , and patch up a case of some sort . If ministers thought proper to make out a case against any country , they had only to have recourse to this ingenious sort of picking . The right hon . gent . had a model , of this kind of ingenuity hi Swift 's Tale of a Tub , where three brothers endeavoured to find the words shoulder-knots in their fathers will , and gave a complete Specimen of this system of pickings and patches . They 740 first attempted to find the shoulder-knots , 'totidem verbis ; ' but this being found impracticable , the eldest , who was afterwards distinguished by the appellation of lord Peter , suggested the expedient of looking for it 'totidem syllabis ; ' this , too , was found impossible , as they could not make out the first syllable . They then tried to make out their point 'totidem literis ; ' but , as bad luck would have it , they could not find out the letter k. What was to be done in this case Brother Peter got rid of the difficulty by giving it as his opinion , that the word knot ought to be spelt without a k ; the other brothers agreed with him , and thus they made , out their authority for wearing shoulder-knots . So an acute secretary might make out a charge against any country . The right hon . gent . might perhaps have read or heard of an ingenious essay in favour of atheism , taken out of the Epistles of St. Paul . This was another instance of the system of picking scraps from different parts of the same composition . There was also a most indecent and abominable poem , written by Ausonius , which could not be quoted in the house , which even scarcely could be named with propriety , all taken from the chaste muse of Virgil . Perhaps his right hon . friend had read it , 'monstrum borrendum ingens ! but though he believed his right hon . friend must have read it , yet he was sure that he would not attempt a translation for the use of the country gentlemen ; otherwise he might be as severely rebuked by his right hon . friend the chancellor of the exchequer , as he had been by the noble and learned lord in the other house ; and besides have a lecture from the Society for the Suppression of Vice ; with leave to think himself lucky