, though his hon . friend had clearly made out a gross anachronism in attributing the expedition , that set out on the 26th of July , to the effect of a treaty that was not known in this country till the 8th day of the subsequent month . But the right hon . secretary had now confessed that ministers had not in their possession the secret articles , but that they had the substance of those articles . Here he would ask one question , why not state that substance to the house and to the country ? for the argument under which ministers tried last night to entrench themselves , namely , that the very fact of communication would disclose the source of it , could not at all apply now ; for there was no necessity to give this substance to the house with any reference whatever to the source from whence they had derived it ; they could easily state that substance generally , without any mark of designation . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) , had thrown out a doctrine on the topic of public and 94 national morality , from which he entirely dissented , and he was sure , that had that right hon . gent . been a Dane , he would have shed the last drop of his blood sooner than have surrendered the fag end of a cotton rope to England , required in the manner in which the late demand had been made to Denmark . As to peace , he wished that petitions would crowd from , all parts of the empire , and multiply upon the table , unless ministers would satisfy the country of their willingness to enter into a negociation on secure and honourable terms ; which he believed were to be had now as readily as at any other period of the war . But there was one thing had fallen from the right hon . gent . to which he must advert : with regard to the tender , the option , as it was called , that was made to the Danes—that if they gave us their fleet , we would defend them from the French ; how ! we defend them ; who were not able , after seizing their fleet , to keep possession of Zealand for one winter ! The Danes must now see , that had they been mean enough to have acceded to our proposals , we could not have fulfilled our stipulations , and that , therefore , we were determined either to rob or to defraud them . He did think that ministers were bound , as they regarded their own honour , but much more as they regarded the honour of the country , till their time unstained , to give to parliament and to the world , the fullest and the most complete information as to the pretended mystery that led to an attack on a neutral and independent people , unprovoked ( apparently at least ) , and certainly unprecedented in the annals of this country . The right hon . gent . had deprecated this call for papers and information , and thought it injurious to the public service . He could only say , that he believed the great cause of many of the evils with which this country had been afflicted , was owing to the system that had prevailed too generally for the last 15 years , of holding back from the public the papers and documents which had been , upon almost every important occasion , vainly moved for in that house . He should . conclude with repeating his conviction , that ministers had never received , either in substance or in form , the secret information which they alleged they had received , and to which they had attributed that fatal and disgraceful expedition.—The Address was then read and agreed to , and ordered to be presented to his majesty by such members as are of the privy council . Lord Stopford reported to the house , that his majesty