he held dear—by the share which he had taken , in conjunction with his colleagues , in advising the measure—and particularly from the ground on which he had heard it attacked . He had heard it called an abandonment of every principle of morality and justice . He would willingly spill the last drop of his blood , rather than advise the country to abandon those sacred principles ; but he was prepared to shew that they had not been abandoned or violated . He felt a very considerable difficulty taken off from him by the able manner in which the cause , not so much of ministers as of the country , had been already maintained by different noble lords , but particularly by the very eloquent , argumentative , and impressive speech of his noble friend ( marquis Wellesley ) . The noble baron ( lord Hutchinson ) had compleatly mistaken his noble friend , when he supposed him to have contended that it was justifiable to depart from the general principles of morality . He thought that it was the best way to make some observations on those general principles , before he spoke of the facts of this case ; and he believed , that if they clearly understood each other , it would be found , that there would be no great difference with respect to the principles themselves , but that the doubts would be merely upon the facts , and their application to those principles . He should contend , in the first place , that in the expedition to Copenhagen , there had been no violation whatever of the principles of the law of nations . The best writers who had written on the subject of the law of nations , defined it as arising from the law of nature , and it was allowed , that whatever would be justifiable among individuals , if they had no superior tribunal or jurisdiction to appeal to , was justifiable between nation and nation . This law of nations , founded directly on the law of nature , had been in some respects modified by particular treaties or by the habits and usages of mankind in civilized society . The modifications , however , arising from treaties , as from customs , must be governed by the consideration , whether the other parties adhered to those treaties or usages . If they did not adhere to them , the question must be referred back again , not to the law of force , God forbid ! but to 370 the natural law . The first principle which the law of nations inculcated was self-preservation , combined with benevolence and good-will to our fellow-creatures . Self-preservation , which was the strongest of all principles , justified an individual in causing the death of another , and that not only upon general principles , but even by the municipal law . if , then , we were to compare this act with what the law of nature would justify among individuals , we might suppose an individual , who had waged a general war against the human race , who had broken down every thing which was most honoured among mankind , who had subdued whatever was most strong , who had vowed our destruction , and to effect it only wanted those arms which were in the hand of a weak man , who , if he had the disposition , had not the ability to prevent him from seizing them : suppose this powerful individual declaring his intention to get those arms , and taking measures , was there any thing in the law of nature or reason to prevent our depriving this weak man of a weapon , which the powerful man would have wrested from him to use it to our destruction ? If no man could deny that an individual would in such a case have a right to act in that manner , why had not a nation ? The law of nations was nothing different in this respect from what would be the law of nature among individuals ,