in his mistakes ! All that the petitioners desired , was to be heard some way . He had given the right hon . gent . some credit for his mistake in this business ; but he could not even give him that now , since he found that he persevered in his plan , and so shut out petitioners . Was this to be endured , especially with such petitions on the table , where it was stated , that thirty or forty thousand people were deprived of bread ? The present petition was not a party one , nor could such a thing be even alleged , for it was known , that many who signed it were friendly to administration ; Would ministers thus aggravate the distress of the people ? He had given them credit for pitying them ; but if they rejected this petition , he would give them no such credit . Here we were told , not of forty thousand people , as in the other petitions , but of four hundred thousand , who would be deprived of bread by the destruction of the Liverpool trade ; a circumstance that would spread devastation over all the surrounding country . Usage in such a case as this ought to stand by , as the petitioners had been shut out by the neglect of the house . He said , that the same course ought to have been taken here as in the case of the convoy tax , where a committee of trade and navigation had been appointed . He had thought this from the beginning a most important point , and now the difficulty began to be felt . The forms of the house were the perfection of wisdom for the convenience of business , as the common law had been called the perfection of reason . The departure from these had placed the house in this unpleasant predicament . But it was impossible that the house could , with any shadow of justice or prudence , refuse to hear the petitioners in some way orother observed that the bill before the house went to levy certain duties to carry on the war , aid she petition , in opposing the bill , obviously went against levying those du- 892 ties , and could not , therefore , consistently with regard to the usages of parliament , be received . The precedent would prove injurous , by establishing a deviation from so wise and necessary a principle of not admitting petitions against supplies immediately necessary for the service of the state . He lamented as much as any man the pressure attendant upon the war ; but there could be no general good in such cases , without some partial evils ; and the interests and safety of the state would be sacrificed , if we permitted ourselves to be diverted from general purposes , by yielding to complaints of a local nature . Under these considerations he was sorry to be under the necessity of opposing the motion for receiving the petition . considered that the petition , both in form and substance , was admissible , and contended that from the great interest the petitioners had in the bill , they had a right to be heard upon the subject . insisted that the usages of parliament , which it was so necessary to hold sacred in respect to the necessary supplies for the public service , would not admit of the petition being received , and enforced the other arguments adduced by the chancellor of the exchequer . could see no good reason for refusing to receive the petition ; and entered into some general arguments against the tendency of the measure of which the petitioners complained . wished the petition to be received , although it was not signed by any one of the 1461 voters who supported him at the last election ; nor was he requested by any one of those voters to interfere in its behalf . The hon . officer took occasion to inveigh against the want of national spirit on the part of