but he wished the house to bear in mind all that had been done in this case , when he should come to offer his intended propositions to fix the practice of the house . He recommended that the amendment should be offered again in such a form that the house could receive it . moved the amendment in a form different from that in which the papers mentioned in it had been formerly refused . denied that he had made any accusation against lord Howick , by quoting his dispatch , consequently there was no necessity for producing the papers as a vindication , when no charge was made . He had merely made the quotation to shew that it was in lord Howick 's contemplation , that if the French should enter Holstein , Denmark might possibly compromise for the occupation of Zealand by French troops . The present motion stood on different grounds ; and he trusted the house would see reason to produce it , upon the principle on which it was now asked for , without at the same time passing the amendment . His majesty 's ministers rested their defence of the proceedings against Copenhagen , upon the information already produced , upon existing circumstances , and the notoriety of what the enemy had done in similar cases . The whole of our diplomatic correspondence was not to be ripped up : it was enough , if what was material to the case in question was produced.—After some further debate , the house divided—For the Amendment 40 . Against 110—Another division took place on the original motion . For the production of the Papers 140 , Against 9 , Majority 131 . In consequence of the above motion , the following papers were on the 5th of March , presented to the house , by Mr. Secretary Canning : viz . rose , in pursuance of notice , to bring forward his Resolutions respecting the Orders in Council . His lordship took a review of the explanations given by the French government of the Decree , and of the documents shewing the manner in which it was understood by the American government , for the purpose of proving that the latter government never acquiesced in the French decree , considered as affecting neutrals , and thence concluding , that this government had no right to issue Orders affecting the American trade . He contended also , that there was no sufficient evidence of the execution of the French Decree , in making captures on the high seas , according to the terms of it , which could alone be evidence of such an execution of the decree as could be considered a violation of the law of nations . The information laid , on the table was in this point defective , and did not appear to him to afford any sufficient reason for issuing the Orders in Council , which he considered a gross violation of the law 781 of nations , and fraught with great injustice towards Neutral States . His lordship concluded by reading the following Resolutions : — '' 1 . That previous to the 11 th of Nov. last , his majesty 's government was not in possession of any proof , nor supposed ground of belief , that the United States of America had acquiesced in or submitted to , or intended to acquiesce in or submit to , the execution of such parts of the Decree of the 21st of Nov. 1806 , as purported to impose on Neutral Commerce , restraints inconsistent with the law of nations . 2 . That it does not appear , that the said Decree , in so far as it may have been supposed to relate to captures at sea , was in any one instance carried into execution , by the Prize Courts of France , or her Allies , previous to the 11th of Nov. last . 3 . That on the 18th of Oct. last , the ministers of the United States at this court , officially apprized his majesty 's Secretary of State , that their