complete account of those Droits , and also of the application of the money arising from them . The original motion would , in his opinion , effect this ; but he did not think the amendment would , and therefore he thought the original motion should be persisted in . said , that in making the motion , he certainly wished for the fullest discovery as to the Droits , and also the application of the money arising from them : it was matter of very great importance , and which he , as a member of parliament , thought he had a right to demand . From the candid and liberal manner in which the the right hon . the 457 chancellor of the exchequer had expressed himself , in introducing his amendment , he felt extremely inclined to accede to it ; but from the unexpected turn which the debate had taken , and the disclosure of so extravagant and flagrant a misapplication of a certain part of the money arising from the proceeds , his opinion was greatly altered , and he thought his duty required that he should persist in his motion as it had been originally introduced . proceeded to state , that the hon . captain , when in India , was known to persons in the highest offices there to be a British subject ; that he was very much countenanced by them , and in consequence of the services he had rendered the East India Company , by taking the soundings of Prince of Wales 's Island , and other parts in those seas , he had received such recommendations to the Court of Directors , as had procured him some very valuable presents from them . From India he had , however , sailed to China , and . at Canton had taken in a cargo of tea without any licence from the India Company , which rendered the transaction a breach of the law , and as such the cargo was liable to forfeiture ; but it was not a Droit of the Admiralty ; it was not what had fallen to the king as a capture in time of war , but was merely what became vested in his majesty as a forfeiture , in consequence of the cargo being illegal , for want of a licence from the East India Company . With this cargo of tea , the hon . baronet was proceeding to Ostend , in the ship Etrusco , when she was met with and seized by his majesty 's ship the Brilliant ; and the ship and part of the cargo were condemned , for the benefit of the captors ; but this part of the cargo , which was the property of the hon . captain , became vested in the king as a forfeit ; and under all the circumstances of the case , it became a question whether it was a fit forfeiture for the crown to take advantage of . On a mature and deliberate consideration of the case , he was of opinion that it was not ; and therefore he advised the remission of it , which accordingly took place . As he had before stated , this fund was given to the king for his sole use ; and he had out of it made several grants for public and national purposes . He had also granted several sums out of it for the use and benefit of the younger branches of the royal family ; and he thought his majesty had most undoubted right to do this , unless should be expected that he 458 should be the only father of a family in this country who was not at liberty to shew pecuniary favours to his offspring . There might be those who thought otherwise ; but he was not ashamed to say , that he differed entirely with them on that head . He begged pardon for so long a trespass on the time of the house ; but thought it necessary to state these circumstances , as it had been said ,