since the majority of the house must be made to feel and to 315 understand the legal right before they would consent to give their sanction , he , as well as any other might venture to state how far , according to his opinion , that legality might be doubted . He certainly felt how inadequate he was to oppose the right hon . gent . on a question of law , and particularly when supported by all the other high legal authorities , who must necessarily have been consulted on the drawing up of these Orders . But , no respect for any authority should deter him from opposing what he conceived to be contrary to the law of nations and the law of the land . The privy council was limited in respect to the Orders it might issue by the law of nations , as well as the Prize courts and the court of Admiralty ; and there as well as every where else , the exercise of the prerogative was limited by fixed rules . This doctrine was sanctioned by the highest legal opinions . It would be found in the celebrated letter referred to in the duke of Newcastle 's Paper respecting the Prussian ships , and signed by sir Dudley Ryder , and Mr. Murray the then attorney and solicitor general . It was expressly laid down by these great authorities , that the court of privy council was subject to the law of nations as well as the Prize court and the court of Admiralty . There was , besides , the principle , that government was never to interfere in such cases , and that no instructions were given to Judges . It was the opinion of lord Eldon , expressed on an appeal in the last war , that the Orders of Council were nothing but a definition of what was at that time held to be the law of nations . It was therefore now a fair matter of inquiry , how far the provisions of the Orders in Council now before the house were consistent with the law of nations and the law of the land . Whatever extraordinary doctrines might arise out of the circumstances of the times , and whatever extraordinary acts might arise out of those doctrines , it could never be allowed that the privy council should arrogate to itself what was the business of parliament . It was not consistent with the law of nations to seize the ships of neutrals , nor could a mere principle of retaliation upon a third party justify such a seizure . The Order in Council of the 7th Jan. last year , ( p. 126 ) was in retaliation for a Decree of the French government . That decree consisted of two parts , one of which went to prevent the consumption or admission of English goods , and the other to place the British Islands 316 in a state of blockade . This last was indeed a vain boast : it was incapable of execution , and no attempt had been ever made to execute it . He understood it to be a doctrine held by the best writers on jurisprudence , that when a principle was laid down , and not acted upon , that , as to all practical effect , it ought to be considered as null and void . For this maxim he had the highest authority , that of sir William Scott , the Judge of the Admiralty court , who , if he might trust to Robinson 's Reports ( which from their accuracy were no less valuable to the students of law , than to the classical reader , by perpetuating the perspicuous , chaste and elegant style in which the judgments in that court were delivered ) , had laid it down as a part of the law of nations , that a simple declaration of placing a port in a state of blockade , did not constitute a blockade without some fact to support it . He wished to know therefore , whether Buonaparte 's declaration