by any disclosure ; but he was at the same time authorized to say , that his noble relative was of opinion , that no inconvenience would arise from laying the papers before the house.—The hon . gent . concluded with moving for the following papers : 1 . Copy of the Dispatch from lord Howick to Mr. Garlicke , dated London , Dec. 3 , 1806 , an extract from which was read by Mr. Secretary Canning in his place in this house on Wednesday last , and the Answer of Mr. Garlicke thereto : 2 . Copy of the Note delivered by Mr. Rist to lord Howick , relative to the Order in Council of Jan. 7 , 1807 , and the Answer thereto , extracts from which were read by Mr. Secretary Canning in his place in this house on Wednesday last . '' contended , that when in the course of his speech on Wednesday last he was led to consider the disposition of the Danes towards this country , and the means which they had , whether of offence or defence , about the latter end of 1806 , he availed himself of that information of unquestionable authority on these subjects , which had been left by his predecessor in office . The circumstance of the continuity of the government being disturbed , did not detract from the value of that information . It should be recollected what it was that gave occasion for the extracts which he had made . He had contended , that the seizure of Holstein by the French would have a dangerous influence upon Zealand ; first , by the possibility of an actual transfer of French troops to that island ; and , 2dly , because it would have been difficult , if not impossible , for the Danish army to retreat in the face of a victorious French force . But the seizure of Holstein would have also had a moral influence upon the Danes , in disposing them to join that power by which they were overawed . To illustrate this , he had made an extract from a dispatch of his noble predecessor , in which the contingency of this event was foreseen , and in which our envoy was ordered to notify to the Danish government , that if any promise was made to surrender their fleet to the French , his majesty would resent it . This extract was not made , however , by way of recrimination or imputation upon the noble lord ; on the contrary , it was 388 certainly the opinion and advice which he should have suggested in the same circumstances.—There was another subject on which he had quoted lord Howick , with regard to the offer of 25,000 Swedes for the defence of Denmark ; and that was the advice which he himself should have offered . He was at a loss to conceive how that noble lord could feel himself hurt by the extracts which he had made ; and he was equally at a loss to conceive how he could have altered that opinion with regard to the dispositions and power of Denmark to maintain her neutrality , if he ever entertained it.—He had also said , that the mode in which the Danish government had remonstrated with this country on the subject of the Order in Council , which was a measure of partial retaliation for the French decree , discovered any thing else rather than a disposition to cultivate impartiality , and that it appeared in the same light to the late administration . He therefore had no objection to the production of the Note of Mr. Rist , since it would tend to throw light on the nature and propriety of the late Orders in Council . But , in his opinion , no case whatever was made out for the production of the other papers , since he had only quoted them as a confirmation of those suspicions which were so reasonably entertained with regard to the conduct of the Danes . The extracts which he had made from Mr. Garlicke 's