our relations with America , was replete with melancholy reflections . It was to him the source of very deep regret , stronger than he had , in the course of his political life , on any previous event , ever felt . He had still the personal gratification to review the line of conduct which he , and those with whom he had acted , had made it their duty to adopt towards America : conduct , that if persisted in , would have produced between those two countries the strongest bonds of friendship and alliance , without any surrender of the rights or any compromise of the honour and character of Great Britain . He again impressed upon ministers the necessity of an explicit and prompt avowal of the objects and meaning of these documents . In order to understand them , it was , in his opinion , absolutely necessary that a copy of the Declaration , signed by himself , and a noble friend of his ( lord Holland ) as plenipotentiaries of the British government. , on the 21st of Dec. 1806 , and handed by them to the plenipotentiaries of the United States , should be produced for the consideration of that house . These Orders in Council arose from , and were actually founded upon , that Declaration . Indeed , there was another document , the source and origin of all the subsequent regulations ; but he was at present at a loss to know in what way or form such a paper could be introduced before their lordships , he meant the Decree of the French Government , dated the 7th of Nov. 1806 . Previous to his offering any motion for those papers , particularly for the copy of the Declaration of the 21st of Dec. 1806 , he wished to hear from the noble secretary of state , whether he had any objections to their production , and if so , what they were ? assured his noble friend , that it was the wish of his majesty 's 152 government to afford to parliament the fullest information , consistent with their public duties , and to submit the whole of those Orders and regulations to the most ample and accurate discussion . In what way , or by the adoption of what proceeding , in the present stage of that subject , he was not prepared to propose . It had occurred to him , that as those papers were presented in another place , and were likely to be put in such a train of procedure as must in due time be submitted for the consideration of their loodships , the most desirable mode was , to await that period , under the probable hope , that the most beneficial effects would arise from suspending the discussion until brought forward in that shape , when if approved , their passing into law would immediately follow the discussion . However , it was competent for the noble lords on the opposite side to institute any other proceeding more compatible with their view of the case , and calculated to produce that investigation from which neither he nor his colleagues were in any degree inclined to shrink . With respect to the question put to him by his noble friend , he could only say , that the objection he felt to the production of the papers alluded to , arose solely out of considerations of form . The Declaration of the 21st Dec. had been the subject of much observation . It was much spoken of in public , and had experienced a good deal of notoriety , but as it was an appendix to a treaty never laid before that house , it was , in his view , out of the course of all form to produce it in a separate character . Not less so was the French Decree : government had got it in a way which all late administrations had considered official . It was received by them , inserted in a paper which stated itself to be the official register of the