as would have the slightest chance of success in England . In Zealand , however , the case was very different . if the French could push over 10 , 15 , or 20,000 men into Zealand , they would probably be masters of the island ; for although the Danes would fight with great courage at sea , their army had the character of being one of the worst in the North of Europe . The analogy , therefore , of the noble lord completely failed , unless he could make out some resemblance between the resources of Zealand and those of England . The Danish resources alone could not defend Zealand from France , and it was not to be expected that they would have called for a British force to protect them . It would not have been necessary for France to have invaded Holstein : her bare menace would have been sufficient to influence the determination of Denmark . If , then , there was a danger of France possessing itself of the maritime resources of Denmark , this was a danger which ought to have been immediately counteracted , or it would have been too late . if ministers had delayed a fortnight , or perhaps a single week , the object of the expedition might have failed.—As to the third point , the magnitude of the object 374 for which the expedition was ordered , he must consider 16 sail of the line , in so advanced a state of preparation , as a most important object . His majesty 's ministers had received , from time to time , the most distinct information with respect to the state of equipment , and after the capture of Copenhagen it was found that six weeks were sufficient to prepare them for sea , and embark all their stores . He had heard those ships called old hulks ; and it had been stated , that they never could have been brought to sea for the purpose of invading this country . The answer , however , to this was , the fact that they did put to sea in a very tempestuous hour , and did arrive in the ports of England with very little damage , and therefore they might have reached the shores of England equally if they had been in the possession of the enemy . As to their quality , whether they were a little better or a little worse , they would have employed at least an equal number in blockading them , if they had been in the hands of the enemy : or rather , they would have required many more than an equal number , according to the system of continued blockade . When the invasion of this country was talked of , there were two modes usually pointed out—an invasion by ships and by a flotilla ; and it was now generally supposed that a flotilla could not effect its purpose , unless convoyed by a strong fleet of ships of the line . The taking of the Danish fleet added security to the country in two ways . It first prevented them from being applied to the purposes of invasion ; and , 2dly , it prevented the necessity of employing a considerable number of ships to watch them , which could only be had by withdrawing them from other services , and thereby weakening our security somewhere else , either in our colonies or our commerce . A noble lord ( Hutchinson ) , had stated , that our attack on Copenhagen had excited a general feeling of odium and disgust all over Europe . He was sure that the general and prevailing feeling on the continent was the dread of France , although they did not every where dare to express it . He should ask , however , in what part of Europe that was free from the power of France , was this odium and disgust manifested ? Was it in Sweden , where the king still preferred the alliance of England ? Was it in Portugal that this odium was