improper to advise his Swedish majesty to furnish for this purpose a detachment from his army , to make up the deficiency of ours , as the removal of that force would have weakened Sweden too much , in the event of an attack from Russia . It was also proved from the report of admiral Keats , on the probability of the enemy transporting a force from Holstein to Zealand , that it would be impossible to keep up a blockade in the winter months sufficientiy close to prevent that communication . The noble lord then proceeded to show that the designs of the late administration against Portugal were of a nature 308 perfectly similar to the Copenhagen expedition , and had infinitely less of the plea of necessity to justify them . complained of the constant practice of introducing , collaterally , charges against the late administration . He thought , after what had passed the other day , that this practice would have been refrained from . The attack upon Turkey , in a period of peace , had been alluded to , though the secretary of state must have known that the orders given by the last administration were precisely the contrary of attacking the Porte during peace . On this subject , and on the Lisbon expedition , which had been also alluded to , there was nothing which the late administration so much desired as investigation . took a view of the whole of the transactions relative to Russia and Denmark , and then proceeded thus : —In applying , sir , the laws of nations to the conduct of G. Britain towards Denmark , the gentlemen on the opposite side of the house seem desirous of establishing a code of their own , separate from that law of nature , which , according to the best writers , is the very foundation of all the laws of nations . Their sentimental system would embrace all nations but their own . These ingenious disquisitions may be well calculated for the amusement of the schools , but they are not fitted for the events of real life , or a state of ferocious war . Sir , the first law of nature , the foundation of the law of nations , is the preservation of man . It is on the knowledge of his nature , that the science of his duty must be founded . When the feelings point out to him a mighty danger , and his reason suggests the means of avoiding it , he must despise the sophistical trifler , who tells him it is a moral duty he owes to others to wait till the danger break upon his foolish head , lest he should hurt the meditated instrument of his destruction . Upon this general principle of the law of nature and of nations , I maintain the morality , and certainly the necessity of the Expedition against Copenhagen . In applying this general principle to the state of Denmark , we shall find that it derives particular force from her past conduct . It may suit the purpose the Moniteur to represent Denmark as enjoying a moral dignity in the circle of nations , and to insist that G. Britain had a sufficient guarantee in the sincere neutrality of Denmark , and in the cordiality of her 309 attachment to England . I would ask , sir , whether it was a proof of the moral dignity of Denmark to attack the neutral state of Hamburgh , or of her neutrality to shut that port against the commerce of Great Britain , or a token of her attachment to us to originate and support a confederacy , having for its avowed object , the destruction of that maritime law which we conceive indispensable to our existence as an independent nation ? All these circumstances , and those stated with such unanswerable truth , and matchless eloquence , by the right hon . the secretary for foreign affairs , justified his majesty 's ministers in expecting similar demonstrations of the will and the power of Denmark , whenever the