is impossible that any such hope could be entertained , even by the most credulous . But , was this all ? Were ministers satisfied with the aggression committed by the execution of the Orders in Council on America ? No ; insult was added to injury , and the evil was considerably aggravated by the contumelious manner in which it was carried into effect . This system , so destructive to the prosperity of America , is first adopted without any alleged provocation , and of the intention of acting upon it the ministers of this country would not deign to communicate to the American government any previous intimation . Indeed , we have it from their own mouths , that even the very gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) whom it was deemed advisable to send so recently to that country , on a special mission , was , at the time of his departure , totally ignorant , not only of the nature of these Orders in Council , but of the intention of the king 's government to resort to such a course of policy . And , my lords , let us consider the period which was selected for the adoption of this system . It was at a time when , from certain occurrences , our relations with America were disturbed , and when actually a special mission was sent forward , by G. Britain , to enter into such explanations as were most conducive to an amicable arrangement upon that point . Under such circumstances it was that ministers ventured to carry into operation measures which go to deprive a great and growing nation , such undoubtedly as America is , of its great staple trade , namely , the exportation of cotton to the continent of 1272 Europe ; and subject to the taxation of a foreign state , possessed of no right or controul over her , the whole of her commercial and shipping interests . One would have thought that there could not be found in this country , so recently after what has happened in our connection with America , persons determined to revive that principle of American revenue which lost that country for ever to G. Britain.—It was not only to impositions or restrictions upon her trade that these Orders were limited . They took a more extensive range , and were attended with more violent consequences . They devoted to confiscation any American vessel on board of which a French certificate of to growth and origin of the cargoes was found by any of our cruizers . It is necessary on this point to observe , that any belligerent has a right to demand such a certificate from any neutral trading to the ports of that belligerent . Such a right was recognized by the law of nations , and had been exercised heretofore by France , and also acted upon in this country . To the Americans trading to the ports of France , it was necessary , in order to legalize the sale of their cargo in that country . But , the Orders in Council have reduced them to -this , dilemma , that without this certificate of origin , they are liable to confiscation in any port of the continent of Europe , subject to the dominion of France ; and , on the high seas , the very discovery of this document , by a British cruiser , is sure to expose them to unconditional confiscation , in all places under the dominion of the sovereign of this united kingdom.—But , without arguing upon the abstract merits of this part of the subject , the fact was this . That the certificate signed by the French consul in the ports of America was but a sorry security to France against the importation of British produce and manufactures into the continent of Europe , whilst its possession by the American trade gave him they ability of conveying into the very ports-of the enemy , without risk or disturbance , those very articles , against the introduction . of which this very document was substituted