. gent . who had just sat down , he could not refrain from making a very few observations . The hon . gent . had talked as if the prerogative of the crown was something independent in its own nature , and granted entirely for the sake of the reigning prince , without any reference whatever to the community over which he reigns . The hon . gent . also contended , that no abuse of this part of the prerogative had been proved . Mr. Ponsonby admitted that the Committee of Finance had not entered into any details of abuses flowing from the exercise of this prerogative , but he appealed to the understanding and information of every person who heard him , whether any part of the royal prerogative had been more abused than that of granting offices in reversion . The hon . gent . had reprobated the doctrine , that the house of commons was entitled to interfere with the prerogative of the crown , as a doctrine which , if once admitted , would reduce the constitution of the country to a mere shadow and pretence . Parliament had often interfered , and he hoped that parliament would continue to interfere with this prerogative , as often as the occasion called for it , and that it would always take care that the royal prerogative was exercised for the good of the people . Mr. Ponsonby admitted that there was considerable weight in what the chancellor of the exchequer had said , of the propriety of guarding against any thing which might tend to create a serious misunderstanding between the two branches of the legislature . But he reminded the house , that they were the constitutional guardians of the public purse , and that in this capacity it was peculiarly their duty to watch over every thing connected with the public expenditure . The power of granting of 1266 offices in reversion , certainly , therefore , ought to be subject to their controul . Nor did he really think that the danger which the right hon . gent . seemed to apprehend was seriously to be dreaded ; for he was convinced , that if that house acted with spirit and vigour , the house of lords would see the propriety of concurring with them in any measure which might conduce to public economy . He was willing to give the right hon . gent . credit for his assertion , when he said , that he did not mean to thwart the object of the bill ; at the same time , he could not help expressing his opinion , that the suggestions of the right hon . gent . if acted upon , were calculated to produce very bad effects . That clause which the right hon . gent . meant to propose , providing that no office should be granted in reversion without notice thereof being given in the Gazette , could serve no good purpose whatever . For , if it was meant to give parliament an opportunity of interfering , any ministry for the time being could easily prevent this interference by giving this notice at the conclusion of a session of parliament , or in the interval of a prorogation . As to the motion immediately before the house , he certainly did not object to it , though he did not think that it went far enough . If , however , the house did not do all the good that it ought to do , it would to him be some consolation if it did all the good which it could do ; and he hoped that there would be the same unanimity now in agreeing to a bill for a limited time , as had been formerly manifested in passing a bill for an unlimited period . He was happy , also , that the chancellor of the exchequer had announced his intention of proposing certain clauses to be introduced into the bill , were it for no other reason than that these clauses would enable the house and the country to form