or defer that decision till they were competent to judge of it ? If it was asked , why the house was not competent to decide upon it now , he would leave it to every gentleman-to give an answer for himself . He believed , that not one in 20 members had read the papers , and if this was the case , it was a sufficient reply to all that had been said on the opposite side . He allowed that marquis Wellesley was a man of high rank , of considerable talents , and that his conduct had been arraigned e but none of these circumstances was sufficient to counterbalance the material consideration of the incapacity of the tribunal in its present state of information , to pass a decision upon the charges which had been brought against him . The accusations which had been lodged against him were what were incident to the lot of every great man . they were taxes which greatness and distinction had to pay , nor was the . noble marquis so destitute of friends , or so run down in the world , that they bore upon him with any peculiar degree of weight . On the contrary , if his conduct was arraigned it ought to be recollected that it was in the nature of that conduct to beget friends . He denied that there had been any unnecessary delay . It was not fair in calculating this to count the number of parliaments since the subject was first introduced to notice , for the present parliament was not supposed to be acquainted with the proceedings which had been instituted by any preceding parliament . And when 705 the period during which the present discussions had been pending was considered , it certainly did not afford any reason for such a complaint , when it was compared with the time that was occupied with the prosecution either of Mr. Hastings or lord Clive . But even supposing that there had been more delay than was necessary , this was no reason why the house ought to pass a premature and precipitate decision . It might be said , to be sure , that members might have carried the papers to the country with them during the recess , but since parliament met there had been such a press of other business as completely to occupy their time . But even if they were chargeable with remissness , that was no reason why they should now pass a judgment for which they were totally unprepared . In such circumstances , an acquittal would be no acquittal , and condemnation would be no more than condemnation . He had made himself so far master of the subject as to have formed an opinion very unfavourable certainly to many parts of the noble marquis 's administration , but what he wished was , that some farther delay should be granted to those who had not made themselves masters of the subject . He concluded with deprecating a hasty decision upon a question in which the national character was most deeply involved . Were the house , by a vote this evening , to give its sanction to all the flagitious outrages which had been committed in India against the rights of independent princes , in violation of all the principles of justice , honour , and good faith , he was afraid that , in the estimation of the world , this country would stand chargeable with many of those crimes which we had reprobated so much in others , but of which we had in several recent instances , he was afraid , been too successful imitators . said , that if the house was unprepared to decide upon the question now , this want of preparation might be a good reason for adjourning the debate to some future day , but it did not appear to him that it furnished ground for instituting-a new proceeding . In proposing to appoint a select committee one or two objects must be in view , either that this committee should merely form an