. in his capacity as foreign minister , received from our accredited minister at the court of Russia , ld . G. L. Gower . And what was the avowed source of that information communicated by the noble lord , to the right hon . gent. ? No less a-source than lord Hutchinson ; who had at that time but just ceased to be an accredited minister himself . What had been the character of lord H. 's mission ? Had he not the confidence of the Prussian court to such a degree , that he felt himself warranted in advancing on the part of this country , 30,000l . for the immediate service of the Russian army ? And yet they were to be told , that his lordship was to be loooked upon , in discussing the present question , merely in the light of an ordinary English traveller ; if so , he would ask the noble lord why ho thought it expedient to lay such stress upon the communication made to him by lord H. as to forward it with his other dispatches to the foreign minister of this country ? if he did not so forward it on account of the individual , he must have forwarded it from a just consideration of its importance . But this importance was coupled with no necessity of secrecy , or mysterious apprehension of disclosure : and why not , then , give it to the house and 619 to the country ? The question of the propriety or impropriety of ministers rejecting the proffered mediation of Russia might depend upon that information . And yet , in answer to a demand for such information , they were told forsooth , that it was most important to be sure , both in its own nature arid in reference to a great question of continental policy , but that , unfortunately , though it had flowed through the customary channel of accredited agency , it had not sprung from it ; for that lord H. happened not at that time to be accredited , and therefore that this information , however otherwise desirable , must be withheld , rather than the etiquette diplomatique should be violated . But , it seemed , an hon . baronet had done him the favour of imputing the present motion to party motives ; the hon . baronet was rather unfortunate in his selection , for out of the nine there was not one less liable to the imputation , than that alluded to by the hon . baronet ; for , it did happen that on that very question relative to the Russion offer of mediation between this country and France , he and his right hon . friends did not so entirely agree as on the other subjects . The hon . baronet had commented upon his inability to preserve the gravity of his countenance , during a certain part of his speech . He ( Mr. W. ) could not avoid smiling , when the hon . baronet had said that he would vote for the production of those papers which he knew ministers had already acceded to the production of ; and according as ministers assented or resisted , it was not difficult to divine the vote of the hon . baronet . In a word , he asked for information ; he asked for official documents of the last importance , and to the production of which no objection of secrecy or confidence was set up—it was public property , and as such he demanded it . He feared that its intelligence would but serve to confirm what at a future day he should have to bring before the house , that his majesty 's present ministers were guilty of a fatal error in rejecting the proffer of Russian mediation . He wished before he sat down , to ask the noble lord , whether there was not some error , probably of printing , in the dates of some of his dispatches ? There were three , for instance , dated 2nd Sept. thought it was evident