the Orders in Council . This omission he thought the more remarkable , as the treaty concluded in 1801 at Stockholm , between this country and Sweden , did contain certain commercial articles ; and he could not conceive , if his Swedish majesty 's dispositions were such as they had been represented , why some stipulation of the nature of that to which he alluded , had not been introduced into the present treaty . He was of opinion also , that it would have been better , that ministers should have applied to the house of commons from time to time , to enable them to grant such pecuniary aid to the king of Sweden , as circumstances might require , than to ask the house to vote a large sum at once . If an Address had been moved to his majesty , he meant to have moved an amendment to that Address , in the spirit of the sentiments which he had now expressed ; but as he understood , that it was not the intention of the right hon . secretary to adopt this mode of proceeding , he had himself drawn up an Address conformably to these sentiments , which , he should move when the Speaker resumed the chair , for the purpose of recording his opinion . In this Address he expressed his disapprobation of that article in the treaty in which it was stipulated , that the king of Sweden should not conclude a separate treaty with France ; and his surprize at the omission in some stipulations in the treaty on the part of Sweden , to co-operate in giving effect to the Orders of Council ; it also contained an opinion , that it would be better to vote pecuniary 1164 succours from time to time to the king of Sweden as circumstances might arise , than to vote a large subsidy at once . put it to the house , whether it would be liberal and wise to dole out its bounty in small and illiberal pittances as had been proposed by the hon . gent . and whether it was not going far enough to make our assistance gradual , though it was not also arbitrarily bestowed . All that was meant by the article in the treaty by which it was stipulated that Sweden should not conclude a separate peace was , that this should not be done without the consent of the British government . And as to the omission of an express stipulation respecting carrying into effect the Orders in Council , he said that government had not only received the most satisfactory assurances on this head , but that the Swedish minister in this country was to be empowered by his government to arrange the details connected with this business , which could be more conveniently done here than in Sweden . was of opinion , that it would have been better to have given a sum at once to the king of Sweden , proportioned to his claims upon this country , than to give him a monthly subsidy , which , by inducing him to persevere in the contest , might lead eventually to his ruin . He had never had but one opinion respecting the subsidies which this country had granted to the powers of the continent , viz . that it would have been better for us to make a voluntary sacrifice of some advantages , than to have bestowed money in inducing them to enter into , or to persevere in , a contest , the invariable result of which had been to promote the aggrandizement of France . The wisest thing which ministers could do in the present circumstances , was to advise the king of Sweden to make peace with France as soon as possible : for even supposing , that in consequence of this event , that power should be compelled to join the confederacy against us , her co-operation would be feeble and reluctant , and therefore much less formidable to this country , than after France and Russia shall have succeeded in getting