mandate and the alliance of France should promise her protection in them . I rejoice , sir , in the wisdom of those councils which has anticipated and has averted this danger . But I am astonished that any man in this house , or in any other , should doubt the reality of that danger , when he : recollects , that in confirmation of all the other evidence I have stated , the Prince of Portugal has been driven from his dominions , because he would not join in that confederacy with France , Russia , and Denmark . With this impression , sir , of the conduct of ministers , I am thankful to them for the great service they have rendered to the state , and they may be assured that this feeling is general throughout the country . Let them proceed in the course they have already pursued , let them face unappalled the unnatural combination which is gathered around us , relying that the spirit of the people of Eng-will keep pace with the energy of the government . regarded the Copenhagen expedition not only as just and necessary , but as wisely planned , and gloriously executed . was sorry the information on which ministers had acted could not be laid before the house . However , as that was the case , he thought himself bound to acquiesce in the concealment which the government thought necessary . rose to reply . He remarked , that all he had asked for was information , and that all the answer he got to that request , was details respecting expeditions to Alexandria , the Dardanelles , and Lisbon , in order to prove some supposed misconduct in a former administration . The right hon . secretary had read extracts to prove the hostility of Denmark , but to this 310 he objected , on the wholesome principle , sanctioned by courts of justice , which was , that when you propose to read a document in your defence , you must wad the whole of it , for if you were permitted to read extracts only , it was probable that you Would read nothing but what was favourable to yourself , and that you would omit all that was against you.—He complained that the right hon . secretary had accused him of justifying Bnonaparte . All the compliment he paid to France was to compare her conduct with that of the servants of the crown in this expedition . While the right hon . secretary talked so much of the morality of others , he ought to take care of his own . He had said that his majesty was disposed to wait for the operation of the thinking part of the Russian community , rather than , in the first instance , to resort to measures winch might have a result more disagreeable to that monarch . This looked like intimating , that he was , from his discontented subjects , to meet the fate of his father . [ a cry of no ! no ! ] if such Were not the meaning of the right hon . secretary , he hoped that more care would in . future be taken in the words employed . said , he was misinterpreted , and disdained the implication assigned to him . said , he had a paper to move for , which might tend to enlighten and guide the conduct and the discussions of that house , on that most important topic , our relations with America . It was with much anxiety and regret , he continued to look back at those expressions in his majesty 's speech , where it was stated , that the president of the United States had refused to ratify the Treaty which had been sent out from this country . to America . He was inclined to believe there was some inaccuracy in these expressions , which might lead to mischievous misconceptions . Their lordships were well aware , that the president of the United States could not , of his own authority , refuse