repeated that the paper in question was by no means in the interest of government , but was totally unconnected with it . With regard to the information respecting the improvement of the ordinary intercourse between the two countries , the subject had engaged the serious .attention of Government , who had for some time been concerting measures with the Post-master General for the attainment of so desirable an object . He trusted therefore , that the hon . gent . would not press his mot on on that subject . acquiesced in the wish just expressed by the hon . bart . On the other 1258 part of the subject it appeared to him , that although one set of papers could only be sent to one place , it would be easy matter to let the different editors have access to them . He again insisted strongly on the injurious effects which the present system of partiality must necessarily produce , both on the individuals immediately affected , and on the Irish public at large.—The motion was then agreed to , as were also two subsequent motions by the same hon . gent . for an Account of any sums which had been repaid to the Post Master General , and by what authority ; and for an Account of the Expence of King 's Messengers from 1801 to 1808. rose to ask a question he had once before put to the right hon . secretary , and to which , if he understood it well , he had then received an answer in the negative . The question was if no communication had passed between the court of Vienna and this country , from April to Oct. last ? Since he had received the answer to which he alluded , the Declaration had appeared , and it afforded information , that in July certain propositions had been submitted to this country from the court of Vienna ; and that an answer to them had been returned front this country , which he ( Mr. W. ) should suppose must have gone through the hands of the right hon . secretary . He now wished to ask that right hon . gent . if he had any recollection of such intermediate communication ; or , if he was to understand that the assertion in the Austrian Declaration was false ? He had two other questions to put to a noble lord , whom he now saw in the house ( lord G. L. Gower ) ; first , if the expression stated on , a former night , to have been used to him , 'il faut pour le moment menager I'Angleterre , ' had been communicated to ministers at home , in any of his dispatches at the time ? The other , if he believed that such letter or other communication was in existence , that he would favour hint with the date of it , as it was his ( Mr. W. 's ) intention to move for it , that it might be seen who the person was who used that expression ? said he could only repeat , that as to the best of his recollection , no communication on the point alluded to by the hon . gent . had taken place . He did not say , that no communication had passed within the period alluded to ; but certainly nothing like that stated by the hon . member . As to the questions 1259 put to his noble friend , he could only say , that if in his place , he should not feel it his duty to give any farther explanation than that given on a former night , as to the person by whom the expression was used . said , the expression had been communicated by him to some person in this country , he believed , in a private letter . gave notice that he should move for this communication , with the date of which he hoped the noble lord would favour him , on the first open day . rose to move for