he thought it right to state before hand that no force should extort from them , the secret source of their intelligence . If any doubts could be entertained of the designs of Bonaparte , thus far he could tell the hon . gentlemen , that the communications from the Portuguese government related as well to the Danish as to the Portuguese navy . What had happened in Portugal was sufficient to convince every fair thinking man of the truth of the information respecting Denmark , and the wisdom of the steps taken upon that information . In taking those steps , the present ministers had the example of their predecessors before them . It was only necessary to apply to Denmark the principle they had applied to Portugal , to threaten and coerce secret enemies , or at least suspicious neutrals , instead of old and faithful allies . The same cause that prevented parliament from possessing similar information respecting most o the other projects of the late ministers , prevented it from possessing the documents respecting the expedition of earl St. Vincent to Lisbon , namely the failure of the plan . The traces however were to be found in the Foreign Office . The instructions were the same , but the issue was different.—With respect to the late proceedings at Lisbon , it was necessary for the country to know , that the court of Lisbon always made an unreserved communication to his majesty 's representatives , of the full extent of the demands of France , as well as of the extent to which it was disposed to comply with those demands , rather than proceed to the last extremity ; and of the point beyond which it would refuse compliance , let the refusal be accompanied with what risk it might . These communications were accompanied with an assurance , that in no case should the persons of British subjects , or their property , be injured or violated . Under those circumstances his majesty 's government thought it right to allow some latitude for obtaining by negociation , and particularly by chewing the vigorous determination of Great Britain , the forbearance of France . Even though some doubt might have been entertained of the stability of the good faith of Portugal , it seemed better to run all risks ; and the issue had justified the determination . With respect to sending an army to defend Portugal , we had the assurance of a most able officer , that no army Great Britain could send would be adequate to that object , and 65 the presence of such an army was deprecated by the prince Regent , as tending to precipitate his ruin . A secret treaty , signed in Oct. last , bound the Portuguese government not to admit a French garrison into the Portuguese forts , and to protect the persons and properties of English subjects . This treaty was faithfully executed on the part of Portugal . It was a fact , that a French fierce had entered Portugal , and had advanced some way before the fact was made known to the head of the Portuguese government ; and this was at the moment when the known presence of such a force on the frontiers , and a promise that it would forbear to enter , had induced the prince Regent to shut the ports against the English , and to seize the small remains of British property that were to be found . This proceeding called forth some degree of hostile retaliation on our part , which was abandoned as soon as the discovery of the actual invasion of Portugal by the French led the Portuguese government to see that its only chance of safety was in the alliance and under the protection of Great Britain . The advantage of this conduct was felt . in the emigration of the Portuguese government , in perfect friendship and alliance with Great Britain , to the Brazils , and yesterday , more immediately , on the arrival of the dispatches announcing the surrender of Madeira to this country . There was