the prerogative of the crown , and that therefore parliament should have no controul over them . If that were true , why make them a subject of parliamentary discussion ? Why not continue to enforce them , without question or inquiry ? It was unquestionably the prerogative of the crown to make war or peace . No man would dispute it ; yet had it not been the practice of parliament , and was it not in the nature of things , to inquire into the principle and justice of those wars , or the policy of the treaties by which they had been terminated ? Upon old principles it was impossible to reason upon these new doctrines . His chief object in rising , was to express his entire disapprobation of such doctrines , and to entreat ministers to re-consider and revise these measures . They must own that they were exceedingly complicated , and he could not but think that a re-consideration and revision of them was the more necessary , when it appeared , that not only we did not understand our own measures , but that we were still unacquainted with the nature and ex- 339 tent of the French Decree upon which they were founded , and which they were intended to counteract . said , that more pains had been taken to shew , that the Order in Council , issued by the late administration was wrong , than to prove that the Orders since issued by the present ministers were right . He was much deceived , or his majesty 's government would in a month , perhaps in a week , regret the consequences to which these measures would give rise . He must therefore unite in the wish and advice of his right honourable friend , that before it was too late , ministers would consent to reconsider and revise them , and seriously examine how far , under the circumstances that were likely to arise , they should adopt or reject them . At all events , they ought not not be pressed now . The house should pause and reflect how ruinous their effects might prove to our trade ; more especially how they might affect our intercourse with America , almost the only power with which we now had to remain in amity . If they , or any neutrals , could carry on any trade at all , the whole of that trade must be carried on through this country , and under such regulations as we might chuse to impose upon it . Why , then , hazard cutting up our trade altogether ? As to the Order in Council of Jan. 1807 , it never was intended to justify it on the principle of retaliation . It never was conceived in that spirit , or intended to be enforced on that principle . It was , therefore , with infinite surprize , that he had heard it compared with the measures that had since been adopted , and in support of which such monstrous doctrines had been broached and insisted on ; and his surprize was further increased , when he found it asserted , that the said Order even went to a greater extent than the present Orders , and that their spirit and principle were deduced from it . Nothing could be more unfounded , and nothing could he deprecate more than a blind and hasty decision upon such important and critical points . declared , that really he did expect that some case would be made out against America , before such a measure as the present would have been presented to the house for its adoption . As no such case was attempted to be shown , he found it his duty to oppose the motion.—The question was then put and carried.—The house then went into a committee , in which the Chancellor of the Exchequer 340 proposed certain duties on foreign produce exported from England . The resolutions were then agreed to pro forum , and the report ordered to be received on Monday . agreeably to notice ,