has been introduced into the viz . that those who do not choose to pay it are at liberty to burn their goods , on pay 967 ment of expenses . How gracious ! The injury is wholly done to you by France , and yet you consider the destruction of the commodity as an indulgence to the trade of America . A trespass is committed by another man 's horse , upon which you immediately impound mine , that had never trespassed : but God forbid that you should be so unjust as to levy the penalty ; no : I am at liberty to shoot him in the pound , upon paying the pound keeper 's expences.—My lords , my task is now finished , having ( however imperfectly I may have executed it ) established all my propositions by their own intrinsic truth . I have purposely avoided touching upon the impolicy of the Orders , unless where I was forced to shew that no possible evil could have attended the delay of waiting for the execution of the Decree upon America . The momentous and complicated question of their impolicy is in the able hands of my friend , the noble earl at the table , ( the earl of Lauderdale ) who has already given notice of his motion.—I can not , however , my lords , take leave of the subject without endeavouring to awaken the feelings of the house to its vast importance , in a manner which neither my own language or authority could sufficiently accomplish . The words of a reverend lord , long an ornament to the bench opposite , whom I honoured whilst living , and whose memory I shall for ever cherish , rush into my mind at this moment , though they have not passed through it for very many years . Unaccustomed to speak in public , the reverend lord committed to writing what he intended to have delivered in this house upon the awful and interesting subject of America , whilst we were rashly hastening , to our final separation . The whole composition would have done honour to the best ages of Greece or Rome , and the conclusion of it is but too much in point to our present deliberations . 'My lords , ' said the reverend prelate , ' I look upon North America to be the only great nursery of freemen left upon the face of the earth . We have seen the liberties of Poland swept away , in one year , by treachery and usurpation . The free states of Germany are but so many dying sparks , going out one after another , and which must all be soon extinguished under the destructive greatness of their neighbours . ' My lords , they have been all since destroyed by one destructive neighbourhoods . 'Holland is little more than a great trading company , with luxurious man 968 ners , and an exhausted revenue : with little strength , and with less spirit . '—My lords , she has now neither strength nor spirit : her government is a despotism under the dominion of France . Switzerland alone is free and happy within the narrow enclosures of her rocks and values . ' My lords , she is now neither free nor happy . All these changes , since the death of my rev . friend , makes the picture now more impressive : the rest of it remains unaltered . As for the state of this country , my lords , I can only refer myself to your own private thoughts : I am inclined to think and hope the best of public liberty . Were I to describe her , according to my own ideas at this moment , I should say that she has a sickly countenance , but I trust she has a strong constitution . ' And now , my lords , let me entreat you to suffer the conclusion to sink deep into your minds : would to God that you may feel it as I do ! —'But , whatever may