an Account of the number of Licences which have been recommended by the lords of his majesty 's privy council to be granted by his majesty , under his sign manual , to persons applying for the same , for commercial objects , from the commencement of hostilities in May 1803 to the first of Nov. last ; distinguishing the number in each month or year . 2 . That there be laid before this house , an Account of the whole amount of Fees or Gratuities which have been yearly paid and received at the Office of his majesty 's most honourable privy council , or at any other of the public offices , by or on account of persons who have obtained or have applied for Licences permitting them to navigate or trade , from the commencement of hostilities in May 1803 to the 31st of Dec. last , specifying by what persons in the said offices respectively such Fees , or any proportion of them , have been ultimately received , or in what other manner the whole amount of such Fees has been disposed of ; and stating by what regulation , or according to what rate , such Fees are required . '' The house resolved itself into a Committee of Supply , Mr. Wharton in the chair . On the motion of Mr. R. Ward , the following resolutions were agreed to , viz . 1 . `` That the number of 130,000 men should be employed for the sea service of the present year , including 14,000 royal marines . 2 . That a sum not exceeding 3,126,5001. be granted to his majesty for the wages of the above men for 13 months , at the rate 11 . 17s . per man per month . 3 . That a sum not exceeding 3,211,003l . be granted to his majesty for victualling the above men for 13 months , at the rate of 1l . 18s . per man per month . 4 . That a sum not exceeding 5,070,000l . be granted to his majesty , for the wear and tear of the Navy , for 13 months , at the late of 3l . per man per month . 5 . That a sum not exceeding 521,500l . be granted to his majesty for defraying the charges of Ordnance for sea service , for 13 months at the rate of 7s . per man per north . '' In answer to a question from Mr. Tierney , whether any diminution was made in the Navy Estimates , in consideration of the stores brought from Copenhagen , it was stated by Mr. 190 Ward that there was no diminution in the estimates ; by Mr. Huskisson , that the application of the money voted would be matter of subsequent consideration ; and by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that it was certainly intended to reward the captors out of the stores , or the value of them . Viscount Carthcart was introduced by lords Wentworth and Lake . His patent of creation having been read at the table , his lordship took the oaths and his seat . The Lord Chancellor communicated the thanks of the house severally to viscount Carthcart and lord Gambier , each noble lord standing in his place whilst the thanks were delivered . Viscount Cathcart and lord Gambier severally addressed the house , expressing their thanks for the high honour conferred upon them , and speaking in the warmest terms of approbation of the ability , skill , discipline , and valour displayed by the Army and Navy employed in the Expedition to Copenhagen . The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received from admiral the right hon . lord Gambier , the following Letter , in return to the Thanks of the house , signified to him , in obedience to their commands of Thursday last : `` Sir ; I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Letter of the 29th inst . in which you inform me , that you are commanded by the house of commons to communicate