were to be made the basis of any arrangement here . He was not prepared to say , whether the treaty between Russia and the Porte contained any stipulation to which G. Britain was invited to accede . But the treaty was matter of notoriety , to be found in all the books of public papers , and of course might be referred to without difficulty in debate . The copies of the Correspondence between the Secretary of State and Mr. Arbuthnot were in the office , as well as the Official Notes during the transactions in the Dardanelles , and they might be produced if the house should think proper . Copies of the Orders to lord Collingwood , and from him to admi- 490 rals Duckworth and Louis , might also be produced . The Letter of sir Sidney Smith he had not been able to find ; but when it should be found , it might be produced as well as the rest . He had thus far gone over the list for the satisfaction of the hon . gent . who had made the motion . For himself , he saw no ground for instituting an inquiry under present circumstances . But he was persuaded , the house would feel that his majesty 's ministers were called upon to give every information , when the production of all that could be given was called for by the hon . gentlemen who composed the administration under which this transaction had taken place . He had followed literally the order of the motions made by the hon . gent . It was impossible for him to be aware what view the hon . gentlemen opposite took of the motion . They would themselves state how they wished to arrange and modify the production of the documents . He was not aware of any practical benefit that could arise to the country from the investigation proposed ; but , after what had been said on the other side , he did not feel himself at liberty to dissuade the house from going into it . waited for the right hon . secretary to state how far his sense of public duty would allow him to comply with the motions offered . Till he had heard the right hon . secretary 's sentiments on this head , he could not know what further information it would be necessary for him to call for by a supplementary motion . The correspondence with Mr. Arbuthnot was extremely voluminous , much of it not bearing on the question the hon . gent . 's speech referred to . He could not say how much of that correspondence might be necessary to give the house just grounds to form its judgment . When the right hon . gent . should have produced all he intended to give under the motions now made , he should consider what further information it would be , necessary for him to call for . He agreed with the hon . mover , that no opinion ought to be expressed till the house should be in possession of the proper documents . But he thought the hon . gent . differed from his own rule , and expressed upon some points stronger opinions than were warranted the first stage of an enquiry . From the change which had taken place in his majesty 's councils , the late ministers had not the advantage of being in possession of the papers principally relating to the 491 transactions in the Dardanelles , and therefore they could not know what those papers contained material or immaterial to their cause . In the admiralty , from the peculiar manner in which the business was carried on formally by the Board in general , but often confidentially by the first lord alone , who was generally a member of the cabinet , and who often did not think it necessary to communicate to the Board what he did ; a correspondence frequently passed between the First Lord and the commander of an Expedition , which was not communicated to the Board . Having been