of the conduct which ministers had pursued with respect to Denmark . He looked not for any justification of the measure , but the weakness of Denmark and the determination of France to force her out of her neutrality . If he were asked , what evidence existed of such being the intention of the French government , lie should reply , by referring to the con- 302 duct of Buonaparte towards all other countries . In tracing him he could discover nothing but the violation of the neutrality of all nations , and a system of oppression and plunder . The manifest interest of France in engaging Denmark against us , left no room to doubt that she would exert all her power to effect her purpose ; and for his part , he had no doubt of her proving successful , had not our expedition taken from the Danes the instruments with which he had resolved to strike the blow so long meditated . France never missed an opportunity of confederating against this country , whenever an opportunity offered of pushing her views either by force or influence . He could not , then , bring himself to believe , that France would forego the advantage of having the Danish marine to act against us . Under such circumstances , the house must feel that a paramount necessity existed to induce us to attack Denmark , which must inevitably have been leagued to extinguish our liberty and independence . regretted extremely the necessity he was under of withdrawing his support from those with whom he was generally in the habit of voting ; but in obedience to his feelings , and the dictates of his conscience , he was compelled to acknowledge , that , in his Opinion , there was enough before the house to justify the Conduct of ministers in the attack on Copenhagen . He concurred with the preceding speakers , that the weakness of Denmark , and the great power of France , must remove all doubt respecting the speedy submission and co-operation of the former against us . Hard , however , as the measure was , and greatly as he lamented it , yet he deemed it one of precaution and necessity , which he should vote for . was sorry to differ from his hon . friends who had just sat down , as he certainly saw as little reason to vote with ministers on any other grounds as on those which they themselves had brought forward ; particularly as those grounds consisted in garbled extracts of letters , which were neither fair to the writers nor the public . He wished to recal the attention of the house to the real subject of debate , which was not whether ministers were right or wrong in sending the expedition against Copenhagen , but whether they ought to produce letters , which they pretended they possessed , but which he did not believe ever existed . He would not give credit to such extracts produced 303 by a secretary of state , or regard them as authentic documents . Not that he accused them of forgery ; but by the mode of giving a passage here and there , and one letter in three , the text might he as different from the context as light from darkness . With all the art of speaking , which he did not mean to deny to the right hon . secretary , and with which he had , in an able manner , managed the ' cause entrusted to him , and all the art with which he had used the papers unhappily entrusted to him , he had not made out the case of the necessity of an attack on Denmark , or that a single plank had been added to our security . He denied the position with which the right . hon . secretary had set out , namely , that the people of England entertained but one opinion on the subject of this expedition , till an indication of its being wrong was broached in parliament ; but , if