be employed against us , and which constituted our danger . Would it then have been wise , or politic , or safe , to have passed the harbour of Copenhagen , which contained 20 sail of the line , that would instantly become the instruments of the enemy 's vengeance against us , in order to execute a barren bravado against Cronstadt , where we could obtain but three or four rotten hulks . It was true , he admitted , that Russian ships of the line had passed through our fleets , and we had the choice of attacking them ; but , aware of the circumstances by which the emperor had been rendered the friend of France , of the disgusting humiliations to which he had been subjected at the conferences of Tilsit , and hoping that his magnanimous spirit might still be driven to resistance 280 and aggression , his majesty 's ministers had still cherished the hope at the emperor Alexander would retrace , his steps , not for the purpose of a renewal of war with France , . God forbid ! but in order to consult the true interests of empire . In the present circumstances of the world , a war with France would be hopeless ; but it was not hopeless that the spirit and disposition of his people might bring him back to better councils . They had strong grounds to know that the intentions of Russia were hostile , hut , in the most inauspicious moment , they wire not without expectations of altering them . The right hon . gent . had contended that this prospect was not improved by calling upon Russia to sanction the business of Copenhagen ; but it was somewhat strange , that such an opinion should be entertained , by those who held that it was of no consequence whether a mediator was friendly or not . He could assure the right hon . gent . that the note of baron Budberg , which he imputed to some French intelligence respecting the tranactions at Copenhagen , was not produced by any sue h cause . The business at Copenhagen had been known at St. Petersburgh on the 22d July , a week before that note was written ; and if gentlemen reflected , that general Savary dictated to the emperor of Russia in his capital , they might easily account for the asperity of any Note which might have been submitted to his inspection . All accounts agreed in representing , that the mind of the court of Russia was alienated from this country , and ore might easily conceive a reason for that alienation . The expectation of assistance from this country , no matter whether well or ill founded , was the cause , not of the peace of Tilsit , but of the temper in which it was concluded , when the military disasters had rendered that peace necessary . Out of twenty dispatches received from our ambassador with the emperor , there was not one in which he did not say , `` Send assistance , or Russia will fail you ; make a diversion , which will take part of the weight of war off Russia , or she will withdraw from it . '' As to the charge , that the expedition to Copenhagen was the cause of the hostility of Russia , he contended on the authority of our ambassador at Petersburgh , that the fact was not so ; but he could also refer to the authority of another noble person , who had an ample opportunity of knowing the truth of what he here advanced , and he should do this with the 281 more satisfaction because of some rumours he had heard , that that noble person ( lord Hutchinson ) had declared an opinion since his return to this country , that the Expedition to Copenhagen was the cause of the hostility of Russia . The right hon . secretary here read an extract from a dispatch from lord Hutchinson , dated Memel , 20th of July , and stating , that