king of Sweden , was ordered to meet the force that was sent directly from this country , and never , certainly , did a more efficient army appear in any part of the world to assert the cause of this country . Now , as to the opposition this army had to encounter , it was 167 a false notion that Denmark was wholly unprepared to resist on the side of Zealand . It was not the fact , that the whole military force of Denmark was collected in Holstein . From the best inquiry , it had been ascertained , that exclusive of the citizens and peasants who formed irregular corps , there were not less than 35,000 men who had been trained and accustomed to bear arms in the service of the king of Denmark , including regular and militia forces , seamen and marines . The garrison of Copenhagen was 15,000 , that of Cronenburg 4,000 , and the force in the country , attacked and dispersed by sir Arthur Wellesley , was 16,000 , making altogether 35,000 . This force was always open to increase by reinforcements from the other islands . The Belt could not be always sufficiently guarded to prevent such reinforcements from being thrown in , and they had , in fact , been thrown in to some amount . The town of Copenhagen , so far as its extent admitted , was equal to any fortress , and from the nature of the works by which it was surrounded was incapable of surprise . The works towards the sea were , in fact , invulnerable ; and on the land side , the nature of the ditch rendered it extremely difficult and dangerous , if not impossible to approach . These difficulties were not to be estimated at nought , though they ultimately gave way to a bombardment , against which it was , impossible to hold out . With respect to the time in which the service was accomplished , it was of the utmost importance that every expedition should be used ; and when gentlemen considered the difficulty of landing , and bringing up heavy ordnance to the extremity of a line which extended four miles from the landing place , and when it was considered , that the whole of this difficult and arduous and important preparation was completed between the 18th of August and the 2d of Sept. when the town was summoned to surrender , the zeal and diligence with which this part of the service had teen executed would be found deserving of the highest commendation . The disposition on which the British commanders had acted , was evinced in the summons sent when they were ready to commence the bombardment . It was certainly right , that no desultory attacks should be allowed , till the great operations , which could not be resisted , were arranged : except mere engagements of defence , no other actions 168 had taken place before the grand attack . The most favourable conditions were offered , and it was not till the Danes refused to come to any terms , that a single gun was fired . No one lamented more than he did the fatal effects of the attack ; but if the place was to be reduced at all , the mode of effecting that object that had been resorted to was certainly the best . A regular siege would have been attended with more loss on the part of the British , as well as of the Danes . Nothing but the smallness of the loss sustained by the British could be pleaded in diminution of the success obtained by the British . This arose , not from any want of means on the part of the enemy to do injury . The killed and wounded on our part were no more than 300 men . But the small loss sustained was a circumstance to add to , rather than to take from , the merit of our commanders . When the whole character of the transaction , the number of men the enemy