the 7th of Jan. was consistent with its fair and legal construction . With respect to Russia , the noble lord contended , that the conduct of the 1279 late ministers had tended to indispose that power towards this country ; and , with respect to the Orders in Council of Nov. last he maintained their necessity , policy , and expediency , and saw no reason to believe , that any intelligence of them could arrive in , America , so as to operate at the seat of government , in contributing to produce the embargo . observed , that were it not that ministers were eager to catch at any thing which could enable them to avoid the particular subject under consideration , and to distract the attention of their lordships , they would never have wandered so much from the point as to enter upon the discussion of the merits of the conduct of the . late government towards Russia . They having adverted to that , however , he might be allowed to say a few words by way of reply . Assurances of aid , it was said , had been given to Russia , which were not followed up by corresponding efforts . Where did that appear ? Russia might naturally be anxious to obtain , but it was for the government of this country to consider whether it ought to promise or to grant . The whole correspondence was a Series of refusals—refusals justified in every view of sound policy by the then situation of affairs . With respect to the refusal of the loan , his lordship stated , that the late government had seen no hopes of such advantages resulting from a compliance as would counterbalance the additional pressure on the people which it would occasion , if granted in the manner solicited . It was required that it should be raised at 5 per cent . and that it should be guaranteed by parliament . Was there any man who could say that this was a requisite which ought to have been complied with ? With regard to the point of co-operation , he said , that whoever considered the state of the contending parties at the time , coolly and dispassionately , must be convinced , that it would have been madness to have sent an army to the continent . It was not money that Russia wanted , nor the comparatively feeble aid which we could have sent her . The resources of that great empire had not before been well organized : France had from the other corner of Europe , met Russia , with equal or superior numbers on her own `` frontiers ; France had for 17 , years been engaged in war , and there was a difference , therefore , in the experience of the officers and the soldiers . These were the causes of failure on the part of 1280 the Russians , who had most unjustly been charged , by the present ministers , with having unnecessarily put an end to a contest which , if continued , could only have been attended with additional disasters . The facts of the case had been rendered more notorious than he could have expected them to have been . At one time the contest assumed something like a doubtful appearance ; but when examined into , these appearances were found to be completely fallacious . The illustrious officer ( lord Hutchinson ) on whose opinion , in this case , the late government had been disposed to place a great deal of reliance , had at first suggested that some co-operation might be of use . But when he had visited the scene of action , he then immediately saw that the idea of military aid from us would be of no advantage , and had accordingly said , `` for God 's sake , do n't send a man : they can be of no use here , and most probably not one of them can ever get back again . `` —In answer to his noble friend , the ministers had