against G. Britain , without her consent . But remove the principle for which I am now arguing , and what becomes of this boasted privilege ? For if we take upon ourselves to alter the public law to suit our own convenience , without the consent of other nations , what is to prevent other nations , standing upon our own example , from returning back the new principle upon us , and from maintaining that free bottoms shall make free goods ? The able and convincing argument of the author was , therefore , only triumphant upon the principle I am maintaining , it was not the triumph of a day . He tells us , in his preface , that he republished his work after an interval of forty-three years , without altering a sentence of it . I can not give to this excellent performance the favourite phrase of a legacy to ministers , because the author is still living . I borrowed the book from my noble friend and countryman who sits near me at the table , ( the earl of Lauderdale ) whose title to it I take for granted was by purchase ; but another noble person will come to its doctrines and reputation ( though I hope not soon ) by the higher title of descent , and will the rather preserve this volume , as it will soon be a 956 curious fragment upon the former law of the civilized world . I read , my lords , from the work of the aged and learned earl of Liverpool—there can be no irregularity in naming him , as it is not as a peer , or as connected with the debate , but as an eminent author on the subject which engages us—The noble author , speaking of the neutrals who were setting up the principles of the armed neutrality , says—'they pay also no attention to respected authorities of all ancient writers on the same subject , such as Grotius , Puffendorff , Bynkershock , Vattel , and many others , because they find that the decisions of those writers are uniformly unfavourable to their pretensions : they pay as little attention to the principles which have immemorially governed all courts of maritime jurisdiction through a succession of ages , and which have been handed down in a series of records , or authentic documents published during the course of many centuries ; in short they appear determined to establish a new code of maritime jurisprudence , better adapted to their own views , and present interests . ' And in the body of the work , near its conclusion , your lordships will find this admirable passage—'Upon the whole , therefore , I will now beg permission to conclude , that the naval power of England hath been conducted , during the present war , with no less justice than spirit ; that the faith of our sovereign is as spotless as his courage ; and that the honour of our country is unblemished . The basis of just complaint , therefore , being thus removed , those idle clamours , which have been founded upon it , by no means merit our attention . To charge England with ambition must appear so absurd , to all who understand the nature of her government , that at the bar of reason it ought rather be treated as a calumny than accusation : possessed of every blessing which civil government can produce , she is open to no temptation with which ambition might seduce her . Pursuits of that kind might possibly operate to the destruction of her constitution , and her system of happiness might be subverted by the augmentation of her power . It must always be the interest of England to protect the just rights of commerce , and to support those principles which promote the labour of mankind , since she herself can only be great from the virtuous industry of her people . To obtain the largest extent for the exertion of her industry , 957 and for the operation of her commercial capital