, and on the other hand their having been made , is no proof of their being true . Sir , ministers by the manner in which 810 they have publicly expressed themselves in their declarations , and also in this house , would have you conceive that the offer of mediation resulted from the treaty of Tilsit alone , when in point of fact the first offer of mediation was made in this note of gen. Budberg , before the treaty of Tilsit had been executed , and not only before the treaty had been executed , but so many days before that event , and so short a time after the signature of the armistice , as to make it impossible that all those plans which are attributed to Russia and France , of a concert for the purpose of annoying England , could have beep entered into . When this offer was first made it was unclogged with the offensive limitation of time , upon which so much stress has been laid The offer is conceived in these remarkable words : `` The Emperor my master offers his mediation to his Britannic Majesty , to make his peace with France ; having a certainty that it will be accepted by the latter power . '' [ p 113 . ] What could be more strikingly amicable on the part of Russia than I such an offer at such a moment , and conceived in such terms ? When the fate of his own empire was at stake ; after so complete a defeat , after having evinced his fidelity by rejecting all counsel which had been given him by the most experienced officers of his army , previous to the battle of Friedland ; to enter into negotiations with the enemy ; deaf to their representations , that his army was not in a situation to fight new battles ; listening only to the call of honour , and alive only to the sentiments of fidelity to his ally ! when his hopes were blasted , when he was reduced to the necessity of making a peace , which nothing but necessity could have extorted from him ! in the hour of his anguish he thought upon England , and his first consideration was how he should be able to serve her by negociation , having ineffectually tried his strength to the utmost in the contests of the field . His first conversation with Buonaparte appears to have been directed to the welfare of England , and in the very first moments after the arrival of the king 's ambassador , he makes him an offer of mediation . Not accompanied , as has been falsely stated , with the expression of his belief , that France would accept that after of mediation also ; but having obtained a certain knowledge of the acquiescence of the French emperor.—What ought to have been the conduct of my Lord Granville Leveson at that moment ? Do I presume to say that he ought at once 811 and without consulting his court , to have accepted the offer of mediation ? That , certainly would not have been prudent on his part . But I think he might have so conducted himself , and might have given such an answer , as would have paved the way , either to the acceptance of the mediation afterwards ; or to the possibility of opening a direct communication with France , if the situation of Russia after her signing the treaty , should have been found such as to render the acceptance of her offer of mediation inexpedient.—The next paper which we find is a note from Mr. Alopeus , [ p . 113 . ] the accredited minister from the court of St. Petersburg , to Mr. Secretary Canning , dated London , the 1st of Aug. 1807 , in which Mr. Alopeus offers the mediation of Russia , in a formal manner ; and upon the ground of the thirteeenth article of the treaty of Tilsit . Here again I beg to remark , that the offer of Mr. Alopeus