had nothing to do with the subject of this motion . Before the house proceeded any further in it , it was proper that it should know what grounds could be made out for an inquiry . The captured property came to the king in a 451 double capacity . That which was seized before the declaration of war , and the issuing of letters of marque and reprisals , belonged to him jure corona . That which was captured afterwards was his as lord high admiral , whose rights accrued to the crown when the office was put into commission . But it was the custom to give up what part belonged to him in this capacity , or , after the issuing of reprisals , to the captors . Another species of property was that which was captured in port , or by such as were not licensed captors . This was properly the Droits of Admiralty , and belonging to the king in virtue of the office of high admiral . In 1795 , when the French made an irruption into Holland , encouragement was held out to the inhabitants to remove to a neutral country , and if they did this , the property detained here on that occasion was to be restored to them . But as they had not done this , it was condemned to the crown as taken before reprisals . The Spanish property seized before reprisals in 1796 ; was also condemned as the Droits of the Admiralty . On the breaking out of the war in May , 1803 , hostilities were not commenced against Holland till the 16th of June following ; Dutch property , however , was detained in the mean time , and afterwards condemned as prize to the crown . Spanish , Prussian , and Danish property was condemned under similar circumstances , the captors having no claim ; and in case of a convention to restore it at the end of the war , the crown would be bound to do so . But no convention of that sort existed , and consequently the property remained at the disposal of the crown . Then how was it applied ? A moiety , or perhaps two-thirds was granted as a reward to the captors— a circumstance that must be pleasing to the hon . baronet ( Pole ) who was so anxious for the interests of the naval service . Another part had been applied to the relief of the public exigencies of the state , to the extent of two millions—one having been granted seine time ago , and another lately . Part had been applied to the relief of those who had suffered from the breaking out of the war . The Spanish government had sequestrated property belonging to this country , which , by a stipulation in the treaty of Amiens , they had engaged to restore . This was not done , and some of the captured property belonging to the crown , was applied to the relief of the sufferers . Another part had been granted to captors who had not 452 been allowed to act under the ordinary discretionary powers ; and another to those who had suffered from the insolvency of captors . These had been the different modes in which this property had been disposed of . But he did not by any means wish to keep out of view , that a very small part of it had , out of his majesty 's grace and liberality , been conferred on the younger branches of his family . Was he the only father in the kingdom who was not to be allowed to make grants out of funds , appertaining to him by law , to his own children ? If any thought so , he was not ashamed to say that he differed from them . The house would dispose of the motion as it pleased , but no instance of misapplication had been stated ; no grounds of inquiry had been laid . The house was competent , certainly , to go into such an