second reading of the bill , proposed by the right rev . prelate , or upon any new question to be brought forward on the expiration of the 40 days ? thought it highly proper that the fullest time should be given to the persons standing in the unfortunate predicament which the act of the last session went to relieve . expressed his inclination rather to support a farther suspension for 40 days , than that the persons seeking relief should be surprised by any premature hurrying of the present bill.—The bill was then read a first time . laid upon the table the various Orders in Council with respect to the new commercial regulations , which , during the recess , his majesty 's ministers had judged it proper to advise his majesty to put in 150 force . [ Copies of the said Orders will be found at p. 126 ] declared himself in no ordinary degree anxious to learn from his majesty 's ministers , their intentions with respect to the very serious and unprecedented importance of these Orders . He wished first to ascertain , whether it was their intention to make any motion , or institute any proceeding , tending to explain to that house , and to the public , the meaning and object of the measures determined by these Orders to be pursued ? He felt solicitous to obtain this preliminary information , before he made a motion for some other documents , in his opinion , necessarily connected with the full explanation of these Orders in Council . It was impossible for him , or any man , when they contemplated the nature of the innovation made by these documents on the political and commercial interests of this country , and of the whole world , not to wish to hear from their framers the fullest , most perspicuous , and most speedy explanation of their meaning , import , object , and presumed effect . In seeking that explanation , any wish to embarrass his majesty 's government was most foreign from his mind . He had given this subject a great deal of attention , he had bestowed much time on it , and called to his assistance persons experienced in the knowledge of that department to which these Orders referred , yet he professed to God , that he was still totally unable to ascertain their nature or drift , much less to divine the remotest possibility of interest or advantage likely to accrue to this country from their adoption . Notwithstanding the unintelligible mariner in which these Orders appeared to him , he was still unable to suppress great and powerful feelings of alarm . He shuddered at the state of policy upon which this country was proceeding to act . Neither could he hide from his contemplation the danger of that precipice , to the verge of which it was so lamentably and so rapidly advancing . What was the ultimate object of the new commercial code , seemingly established by the joint consent of the governments of France and Great Britain ? It was mutual destruction . It resembled the efforts of a set of persons , whose chief object was to starve each other , and who , to obtain their respective gratification , were all pursuing the means of insuring the inevitable starvation of themselves . Such conduct could only be compared to the insanity or 151 maniacs , who cutting each other with knives across the veins , disregarded the positive injury that each individually received , and were only satisfied in consummating the destruction of them all . This was a dreadful state of things , and required on the part of their lordships , the utmost circumspection , before they gave their concurrence to the measures which tended to promote it . For his part , although the encouragement came from the most dignified and exalted source , he could not so far , in compliance with it , look upon the dangers of the country , either unappalled or undismayed . The news of that day , as connected with