with one exception , have not the remotest personal interest in the transaction ; yet if they had , if they themselves were implicated in the question , it would make no difference in me , except in increasing my regrets : for there is , there can be but one plain line of duty for a member of the British parliament to pursue , namely , to consider the honour and character of the country , ( and of consequence its interests ) as paramount to every personal feeling and every private wish.—One word , sir , before I sit down , on the subject of reparation to the party injured . I wish this point had come under the consideration of the noble lord , and a motion had been directed to this object . Reparation to the injured is a proof of the sincerity of our repentance of the act . I think the committee now sitting , and to which I have alluded , is the proper tribunal to which reference in this case might be made ; but I dictate not to the noble lord . Sir , I shall detain you and the house no longer ; I am thankful for its indulgence , and of which I am conscious I have taken an unreasonable advantage . said , that it was with the greatest reluctance that he ventured to obtrude himself upon the time of the house , upon a question of such importance , as that now under its considera- 1112 tion ; but , having been principally concerned in the execution of those measures , upon which the noble lord 's resolutions were grounded , and having been personally alluded to by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Lushington ) who spoke last but one previous to the adjournment of this debate , he trusted that he should be excused if he troubled the house with a very few words . During the several discussions which had taken place upon this subject , previous to the last session of parliament , he had not the honour of being a member of the house , and he therefore had no opportunity of expressing his sentiments , even upon those parts of them which related personally to him . It was for that reason , as well as from what fell from the hon . gent . opposite to him , ( Mr. Lushington ) before this debate was adjourned , that he was anxious to avail himself of this occasion to state that , although , during his employment in Oude , he acted for the most part under instructions from the supreme government , yet that nothing could be further from his disposition than to shrink from any responsibility which might be supposed to attach to him for the share he had had in these transactions . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Lushington ) expressed his surprize that one of his first acts , immediately after the territorial cession , should have been the establishment , in the ceded provinces , of a monopoly of salt , and he asked him where he had learnt that branch of political economy ? Now , the hon . gent . was mistaken as to the period when that monopoly was introduced into the ceded provinces , for it was not introduced till nearly a year and a half subsequent to the cession , when the territorial settlement had taken place , and when the company 's civil and judicial system had been completely extended over those provinces ; and , if the hon . gent . would take the trouble to enquire , he would find that a monopoly of salt , forms one of the company 's principal sources of revenue in the province of Bengal . He could not see , therefore , why the establishment of such a monopoly , under proper regulations , in the ceded provinces of Oude , should not be proportionably productive as a source of revenue , and as little oppressive on the inhabitants , as long experience had proved it to