express approbation of the expedition to Copenhagen , because no grounds had been laid before the house to justify it . It had been said yesterday , that the eyes of Europe were upon the British parliament , and it would be unfortunate , therefore , if its first act , by coming to a blind decision upon this question , should be such as to disgrace it . There was not time , he contended , between the Treaty of Tilsit , and the sailing of admiral Gambier , for ministers to have received intelligence of the engagements entered into at that treaty . The armaments and stores collected at Copenhagen , therefore , were not provided in consequence of such engagements . Ministers ought to produce to the house the information upon which they had acted ; for if they had received it from any of our ministers at the Northern courts , those gentlemen were now in safety . He regretted that his majesty 's speech had not held out any prospect of peace ; and he thought it inconsistent that ministers should adhere to forms which obstructed peace , whilst they rejected all forms in their attack upon a neutral nation . said , he did not think it fair to attack ministers as to the expedition to Copenhagen . If the same conduct had been adopted towards the fleet of Spain , upon a former occasion , this country would not have had to fight the battle of Trafalgar , where the gallant Nelson had lost his life . He could not blame ministers for having taken the precaution which they had done , but , in his opinion , they had hardly done enough in not taking advantage of their knowledge of the Tilsit negotiations . Call him the Crown Prince , or the half-a-crown Prince , or what you would , it was certainly most absurd to say , that he and his confederates should be believed in every assertion they were pleased to make , and that not one word coming from our own government should be credited . He believed that the right 84 hon . the chancellor of the exchequer was really a man of honour and integrity , and that no man could , with justice , venture to dispute it . He was certainly convinced , that what he had set forth was the real fact , and that if he were to give up his original source of information , some person or persons world be sacrificed . He gave him full credit for his conduct upon this Occasion , and he should conclude by saying to him , as some gentlemen , on the opposite side , would never cease to urge objections against the measures of the existing government , 'never mind them , pursue your duty , and leave them where you find them . ' wished , that the speech and the sentiments of ministers had breathed more the spirit of peace . He would neither despond nor encourage despondency ; but we ought to look at the situation of the country . The doctrine of our independance on commerce was safe and good , so far as it shewed that we had , besides commerce , an object worth defending , and the means of defence ; but dangerous and to be reprobated in that house , if it taught indifference concerning the sources whence experience proved us to have derived much of our wealth and naval power . But , even the converts to these new theories ought to look with satisfaction towards peace , inasmuch as it would enable us to transfer to our rivals whatever portion we pleased of the evil of our foreign commerce.—Was it doubted , whether British commerce was suffering ? The industrious inhabitants , of Yorkshire would in part answer the question . It had been observed , on very sufficient authority ( Mr. Milnes ) , that their Petition did not originate in party spirit . Surely , it was on that account entitled to the more consideration by ministers ; it was indeed