, but that government likewise participated in it . It had been said , that any farther delay would be extremely hard towards lord Wellesley . He admitted that it was hard upon lord Wellesley . But was there not a third party who likewise merited some consideration ? Would it not be hard on the East India Company to be defrauded of their possessions , in consequnce of his mal-administration ? or would it not be hard upon the country if , in consequence of his measures , its Indian dominions should be severed from it for ever ? What he wished was , that this question should be examined as all other Indian questions had been examined . For if the noble marquis had , during his administration , furnished more materials for discussion than any other governor , it would scarcely be maintained that , on that account , a decision should be more speedily adopted . He thought that one of two expedients should be recurred- to , either that the house ought to follow the same course that had been pursued in 1772 and 1782 , and that a committee ought in the first place to be appointed to make a compleat revision of the affairs of India , or that if lord Wellesley 's conduct was to be discussed separately , that the evidence before them should be previously arranged by a select committee , so as to render it intelligible ; which it was not in its present form . Were parliament to come to a decision upon the conduct of that noble person by this night 's vote , he asserted it they would commit an act of injustice to the noble marquis , : and that it would be wanting in its duty both to and to the country ; and proposing some farther delay , he fully expected the support of those gentle- 702 men who had not made themselves masters of the papers , Who ; he was convinced , formed a large majority of the house . called the attention of the house to the present state of the proceedings . Three parliaments age , a charge had been brought against marquis Wellesley , by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) who was no longer a member of that house ; all the evidence necessary for supporting the charge , had been moved for and granted ; an inquiry had been challenged by the friends of the noble marquis , the charge originally brought forward had been abandoned , but upon the papers that had been produced , other accusations had been founded by a noble lord , and this night had been fixed for the house to pronounce upon the justice or injustice of these accusations . Nothing had been said of any deficiency of evidence , or of any confusion of papers , till about ten days ago He contended , that the delay now proposed , was neither more nor less than an attempt to arrest the course of justice , in as far as lord Wellesley was concerned , for the purpose of entering into a detailed examination of the affairs of India , and to blend two subjects which were totally different and distinct . The Dispatch which had been read , ought to have no more weight with the house , than the opinion 24 printers , and it Would have been only fair in the hon . gent . when he read it to the house , to have read also the Answer to it , which was made by the Board of Controul , whose opinion he thought was as valuable upon such a question as that of the Court of Directors . Upon the general merits of lord Wellesley 's admintstration , he should be ready to meet either the hon . gent . or any other person , When they came to be discussed . At present , that question , was not before the house , and after the delay which had already taken place , he thought the house could not consent to