no other effect except to cause discontent . He disapproved , generally , of the want of discrimination on the part of ministers , in bestowing titles upon persons who had not sufficient fortune to support their rank , and who must then become either pensioners of the crown , or burdens upon the people . There were more pensions of this sort given to persons of the most distinguished rank than the country were aware of . As to a public Monument , he did not believe there was any case since the death of lord Howe , where that honour was conferred on any military officers , except those who died or received wounds in the field of battle . He begged leave , however , to assure the military men who were the personal friends of lord Lake , that in any observations he made , he was only actuated by public motives , and by no means wished to derogate from the character or services of that gallant officer , or 797 to take away any thing from the fame and glory which he had acquired . agreed with the hon . member who spoke last , that titles ought not to be bestowed without great consideration , both of the services of the individual and of his means to support the dignity and independence of the peerage . He thought the peerage was often very improperly given to military men , whose services were by no means of the first order . This , however , was not the case with respect to the gallant officer , whose merits and whose claims were now under consideration . He should think the house would act in a niggardly manner , if they were to refuse what was now proposed for the family of lord Lake . said , that although he did not pretend to be a perfect judge of the military merits of lord Lake , yet every body had agreed that the merits of the noble lord were conspicuous , and that if they were not of the first class , they at least approximated very much to the first class . Instead of wishing that services of this nature should be rewarded by the crown , without the intervention of parliament , he should wish the rewards of merit and public service to flow more immediately from the people . He wished the patronage of the crown was retrenched ; and he thought the ministers would have come down to the house with much more grace , if , when they made an application for this grant , they had pointed out a corresponding retrenchment . bore testimony to the professional merit and important services of lord Lake . He thought , that upon constitutional grounds , it would be dangerous and improper that poverty and the peerage should be associated together . expressed a fear , that it would be considered , that the house sheaved too great a readiness to dispose of the public money . He agreed implicitly with the hon . baronet , that the house should anxiously watch over the expenditure of the public money ; but he did not think the people would thank him for his anxiety in watching over the public expenditure , so far as to refuse a well-merited reward to a gallant officer . The first question which he thought ought to be considered was , whether he had deserved the peerage or not ; and secondly , whether the grant proposed was a proper one . He would not however allow , that whenever a peerage was granted on account of military 798 services , a pension should be voted by that house . He should now take the opportunity to lay in his claim to protest against this doctrine on a future day , if it should be proposed in favour of other new-made peers ; but as for lord Lake , it must be allowed that it was almost impossible for any British officer to be placed in a higher or more responsible situation than he was ; and then