had been given of what had fallen 1357 from him in a debate of a former evening , both by the hon . gent . who had just sat down , and in the public prints . He was most anxious to convince the house that he never had , in his official situation , done any thing to countenance the imputation of his having assented to any proposition , which had for its object to attack , either directly or indirectly , those principles of maritime law upon which this country had always acted , and upon which , he trusted , that it would ever continue to act . With this impression , he felt himself extremely obliged to the hon . gent . for having brought forward the motion which he had on this evening submitted to the house ; and in that motion he should most heartily concur , as far as it related to the production of the Declaration which accompanied the treaty of 1805 . He hoped also , that his right honourable friend the secretary of state would agree to this part of the motion , not only in justice to him , but in justice also to the character of an illustrious statesman , now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) . It would be but an act of justice to the memory of that great man , who had spent his life in upholding the character and maintaining the rights of the country , to shew that in his latter days he did not desert that cause which it had been the great object of his life to support . With this view , he trusted that his right hon . friend would consent , not only to the production of the Declaration , but that the whole correspondence relative to this Declaration would be produced ; from which it would appear , how little foundation there was for the accusation which had been brought against him , of having left any question relative to the maritime rights of the country open either to cavil or to discussion . His lordship did not wish now to enter into a discussion of all the questions connected with the treaty of 1805 , and if this was the wish of the hon . gent . he thought that he had not dealt fairly with the house in not giving a notice to that effect . With the other part of the hon . gent 's motion , he could not concur , because the communication to which he referred was contained in a private letter ; and even supposing that the house were to agree to an address for the production of this paper , he really did not know what answer the crown could make to it ; because the crown had as little power to compel the production of a private letter which was in the hands of the secretary of state , 1358 as it had over any private letter which might be in the hands of any other individual in the country . If the hon . gent . was of opinion that he had been deficient in his duty in transmitting such a communication in the shape of a private letter , it would be better at once to move a vote of censure upon him for having done so . He begged the house , however , to recollect , that he had mentioned neither letter nor dispatch in the former debate . He had simply mentioned the circumstance of a certain expression having been used by a person high in authority in Russia , leaving the house to give what credit they might think fit to this assertion , and to deduce whatever inference from it they might be of opinion that it warranted . Neither did it follow , that , because he had communicated this expression to his government at home , he had mentioned the name of the person who used it . It so happened in the present instance , that his right hon . friend was in possession of the name