by licences . adverted to the . awkward situation in Which the house would be placed by the mode of proceeding proposed by minister . Though their object professedly was to starve the continent , yet they were in a hurry to give freedom to the trade to it . They had long slept over tins measure without assembling parliament to carry it into effect , and yet now they grudged the delay of a few days . was anxious to promote any proceeding , which would afford an opportunity of being more fully informed on this measure ; which seemed to be founded on French principles , and would be attended with the greatest mischief to all civilized nations . condemned the proposed mode of proceeding , on account of its palpable absurdity . It was exactly this : that the house should decide first , and hear the objections afterwards . It resembled a police bill , which provided that a party might be whipped , and then allowed him the right to appeal to the session . The noble lord said that the spirit of the bill precluded petitioning against it . But it had no spirit , it was all letter ; two grains of wheat .in two bushels of chaff ; two grains of finance , in two bushels of trade . The trade was the spirit , the finance was only incidental ; and yet the noble lord talked petitioning being contrary to its spirit , and objected to the delay of a few days ! said , that there were two parties in this question . There were not only the petitioners but the public who were deeply interested in the bill . The petition appeared to him to be brought forward for no other purpose than to create delay . The hon . member very successfully replied to the last speaker . Lord H. Petty , Mr. Adam , and Mr . Pole Carew supported the amendment . The latter , however , professed himself a decided friend to the bill , but thought it due to the petitioners , now that they had put themselves in the proper form , to hear what they had to say . The question being loudly called for , a division took place : Ayes 66 : Noes 99 : Majority against the Amendment 33.—The petition was then ordered to be taken into consideration on Thursday . [ ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL ] The question that the bill be read a third time , 1066 was then put , and an amendment moved , that it be read a third time Monday se'might . Sir W. Scott rose , began to speak on the merits of the measure ; but was called to order by Mr. W. Smith , who said that this was only a question of time ; and in this he was supported by the Speaker.—After some the house divided , upon deferring the third reading of the bill till Monday se'nnight . Ayes 59 Noes 122 Majority —63 The question being , then put , that the bill be now read a third time , entered into a learned discussion upon the law of nations , which being in its nature conventional , was no longer binding than when the rules of this convention were adverted to by all parties concerned . When they were departed from by one party , the other was left to the guidance of natural justice ; and by the laws of natural justice , retaliation was authorised as an essential part of self-defence . The right of retaliation the learned judge shewed to be limited only by the extent of the annoyance which called forth the exercise of it . If an enemy restricted himself to the ordinary mode of warfare , then it was incumbent upon the other belligerent to carry on hostility under the same restrictions ; but if he resorted to unusual modes of warfare , then it was competent for his adversary to pursue hint even to neutral ground . The right was unquestionable ; the only question was , the