by the transaction now under discussion , a principle had been established , which would be acted on in 428 future , that in proportion to the balances in the hands of the bank , must be the advances made by the bank to the public . As to the rate of allowance for managing the debt , the bank had repeatedly declared , that they were not disposed to admit the truth of the report of the Committee of Finance on this subject . He had been an humble assistant at the conferences between his right hon . friend and the directors of the bank , and he was convinced that if a less sum had been offered for the management , the bank would have said , 'take the conduct of the debt upon yourselves . ' The inconvenience of the expence arising from such a change in the management would have been infinite . It was a mistake that the ten millions of public balances were left in the hands of the bank to remunerate them for the management of the debt . They were left there for security ; they would still be left there , were the management of the debt removed to another quarter . The only balances remaining in the hands of the bank consequent on their management of the national debt , were the unclaimed dividends . expressed himself tolerably satisfied with the bargain , that had in this instance been made for the public . He agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , that the rate of allowance for management might have been reduced farther , had it not been for the acts of parliament that stood in the way . But taking these into consideration , he believed the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had reduced it nearly as much as the law allowed him . With regard to the 3 millions , he thought , that the public would derive a greater advantage from them than from the allowance of the interest recommended by some . The inconvenience to the bank would not be much . They would merely lose the interest of 3 millions of exchequer bills . All this , he said , did not diminish the duty of parliament to look with jealousy to the amount of bank notes in circulation . It might happen too , that the commissioners of the sinking fund might find it convenient to become subscribers to the loans ; and the balance in the bank would , by this means , be diminished . He wished it , therefore , to be clearly understood , that the commissioners might be at liberty to become subscribers to the loan if convenient , without its being considered as any infringement of this agreement . in answer , stated , that express care had been taken to provide that government should not be precluded from resorting to any means for reducing the balances . observed , that though the issues of the bank might be enlarged by the restriction , their capital was still limited , and unless they had so much capital that they did not know what to do with it , they must be losers by lending these 3 millions . said , that on two branches of this transaction he hardly thought it necessary to trouble the house with any observations at all . On the subject of the unclaimed dividends he felt much inclined to concur in the view of the right hon . gent . opposite . The bank directors in the course of the conferences on this subject naturally resorted to the definition of an unclaimed dividend , which had been allowed by certain acts of parliament : yet the natural definition he should take to be , a dividend that was not claimed in the quarter when due , without reference to the next quarter . Of these dividends all that could be taken , ought undoubtedly to be applied to the public service , and 100,000l . left in the bank , was an ample sum to