of the arrangement ; but the serious part of the evil was , that they presented an insurmountable obstacle to reform in that department . The office of storekeeper of the port of Dublin had been originally granted for three lives , and was now held for two lives ( tile two Beresfords ) , to which was annexed a salary of 2135l . which might be spared to the public , after paying a deputy for performing all the duties of the office . And here also , the loss was not confined to the salary paid ; but the existence of the office itself rendered it impossible to reform the present system of storages , from which the public was a material sufferer . Accordingly , he had proposed to grant a compensation to the holder and expectant of the office , provided that they would give up their titles to it , to relieve the public from a loss to which it was at present subjected , of more than six times the amount of the salary . It would , he said , be quite endless to go through the list , and therefore he should merely mention a few more by way of specimen . The office of craner and wharfinger of the port of Dublin , all the duties of which were performed by a deputy for 300l . was held by two brothers of a noble marquis , with the reversion to lord H S. Conway , with a salary of nearly . 1000l . a year . The office of comptroller of the port of Cork was held by sir J. Lees , with the reversion to his two sons , with a salary of 800l . a year , after paying a deputy for discharging the duty . The right hon . baronet asserted , that if the house of lords wished to know upon what grounds the bill was recommended by the house , it would be sufficient to send up the list which he now held in his hand . The office of taster of wines , which had been dropped for two centuries , was renewed in favour of the right hon . J. Beresford , with a salary of 1000l . a year . If he were to go into the law department , there he could find places , not merely of 8 or 900l , but of 9 , 10 or 12,000l . a year . He 1338 should merely mention one circumstance connected with this department , to shew to what extent abuses had been carried . About four years ago , when an act of parliament was passed to transfer in future such causes as it had been usual to try in the court of exchequer in Ireland , to the court of king 's bench or common pleas , a commission was at the same time appointed to inquire into the amount of fees which had been paid to the officers of the exchequer court , and a compensation was granted to them upon the average amount of these fees for three years , out of the consolidated fund ; and this commission had been actually employed for three weeks in considering whether a compensation ought not to be made to the rat-catcher to the board of ordnance ! In short , he would take upon himself to prove , that compensation had been given in many instances by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , whom he did not now see in his place , and who never failed to make his escape when any part of his conduct in Ireland was likely to be touched upon , merely to procure the assent of the individuals who received it to the union between the two countries . He should now mention one instance out of many which he could adduce . About a year before the union took place , he applied to a noble lord to accept the office of chairman of the Irish house of peers ; and upon that noble lord 's pleading his ill state of health