without any attempt at indirect means , lord Grenville wrote a letter , most judiciously expressed , to the minister of foreign affairs at Paris in the first instance . It is not necessary now to go into an investigation of the merits of those negociations : they were discussed at the time , and my opinions upon them are the same as they were then : but with regard to the conduct of lord Grenville , in the different overtures , no doubt was entertained then , nor can it now , that it was wise , politic , honourable , and consistent with his own dignity , as well as with that of the country ; it was such a line of conduct as ought to be pursued at this moment.—The question then occurs , what difficulties would arise in such a negociation ? the course of events has very much smoothed them . The war you say is purely defensive ; the question of peace then is purely a question of terms . But would France accede to our offer of negociation ? I have no doubt she would , and eagerly too . It is quite unnecessary 847 for my present purpose , to enter into any argument upon the question of terms : that is a different consideration , and for the present is wholly out of my contemplation . All I want to ascertain is , whether peace be possible or not , by which I always understand an honourable peace ; and if I can ascertain that fact even in the negative , I shall have produced great advantage to the country . A conviction of the want of moderation in the French emperor , and of the impossibility of obtaining peace , would unite all hearts , and all hands , in the defence of the country . Every privation would be submitted to : the honour of the country and its salvation would be paramount to every feeling of individual distress . I should no longer be apprehensive of the power of France . She would have created against herself an invincible barrier ; and we , secure in the justice of our own cause , should be invincible against all her efforts . Is it from any enthusiastic feeling that I am making this assertion ? is it the result of a sanguine mind , or introduced merely for the purpose of supporting my own argument ? no , Sir , I rely upon historical example . What produced the salvation of Holland in the seventeenth century , but the injustice , the cruelty , and the inordinate ambition of Louis the XIVth ? Let us look at that period of history , and we shall find that the liberties of mankind were thought , by those who then lived , to be in danger as imminent as we deem them to be in at present . At the head of a vast military force , commanded by the greatest generals , and guided by the counsels of the wisest statesmen of the age , actuated by an ambition as immoderate , and cursed with a heart as unfeeling as ever was attributed to any conqueror upon the face of the earth , Louis the XIVth , in conjunction with the prostitute administration of Charles II . attacked the liberties of Holland . There appeared to be no salvation for the country . He had but to approach , and to overrun it with his armies . Such was the state of despondency and dejection into which the inhabitants of the Low Countries were sunk ; such were the distresses which the people felt , that a deputation was sent to the French king to request that he would name the terms upon which he would grant them peace ; and they were ready to accept terms of greater humiliation than had ever before been imposed upon any independent power . But the arrogance of Louis the XIVth knew no 848 bounds ; he exacted from them more than human nature could endure . From that moment there was a