a more compleat 482 case of non-acquiescence in the Decree could be made out than the American government had to lay before the world . The late administration had requested information from the government of America of its intentions in consequence of the French Decree ; but before an answer had been returned to this demand , the measures in question were adopted , in which a gross and flagrant violation of public faith had been committed.—The noble lord next considered the Orders in Council as a violation of the municipal law of the country . He contended that they were violations of eight or ten positive statutes of the realm ; of the Navigation Act ; of the act for regulating the commerce of the Isle of Man ; of the act for regulating the commerce of Guernsey and Jersey ; and of the act for regulating the commerce of hostile ( not of neutral ) ports . If the lords of the privy council , at any future time , thought the laws not so good as they could make them , they had nothing to do but to follow the example set them in the present instance , and alter and suspend them at pleasure . The old arguments which were used in favour of the dispensing power , of raising ship-money , & c , were , like the present , justified upon the plea of necessity . He had always thought , however , that our ancestors had set these question , and all of a similar nature , to rest at the time of the Revolution , when it was stipulated in the Bill of Rights that in every emergency which might render an alteration necessary in the established laws of the country , that alteration should be made by the king , lords , and commons in parliament assembled . In all cases in which this constitutional principle had been departed from , there had been three points required to be proved , 1 . The existence of an urgent necessity ; 2 . The impossibility of assembling parliament in time to provide for it ; and , 3 . That the remedy did not overstep the demands of the necessity . In the present case , since the French Decree , there had been two sessions of parliament , and since the Orders in Council were published , parliament had been twice prorogued.—The noble lord next pointed out the unintelligibleness of the Orders . He would take upon himself to prove that in four clauses of the same paragraph they contained four direct contradictions . After much study , however , he believed that he had at last found out what they meant to express , and he was not a little proud of the solution of such a 483 problem , particularly as an eminent civilian ( Mr. Robinson , ) had declined altogether to interpret them , and they had been misunderstood by the most eminent writer upon political economy now in the country ; and by Mr. Baring , in the pamphlet which he had published upon the subject , and upon which his lordship bestowed the most unqualified praise . The noble lord proceeded to shew their extreme impolicy . They went to effect a radical and fundamental change in the whole commercial relations of the country , both with belligerent and neutral powers . They tended to subject this country to a loss in the same proportion that they distressed the enemy , and in the same proportion that we gained from them , they afforded relief to the enemy . This principle of forcing trade into our markets , would have disgraced the darkest ages of monopoly . The impediments which it was intended to throw in the way of the importation of cotton into France , would have the effects of stimulating that government to encourage its cultivation in quarters where it did not grow , of producing a redundance of the article in the foreign market , of lowering its price , and consequently of diminishing the cultivation.—He then shewed that the orders defeated