. I will only observe , that upon the appointment of each of those ministers , lord Granville Levison still requested a communication of the secret articles of Tilsit ; that count Soltikoff said , that he would take the emperor 's orders respecting the communication of those articles , that having taken those orders , he told lord Granville Levison that the emperor had refused them , adding these remarkable words ; `` that the emperor did not refuse them on account of their containing any stipulations prejudicial to England , but having once determined that they should not be made public , he saw no reason for receding from his determination . '' [ p . 207 . ] The subject of the 825 Commercial Treaty was again touched upon , and again put aside . The same demand was renewed by lord Granville Levison to count Romanzow , and again refused . it is only necessary to observe that count Romanzow made use of terms expressive of the emperor 's friendship towards his Britannic majesty ; and of his anxious desire for the re-establishment of peace . The last of these communications is dated the 19th of Sept. [ p . 209 . ] But although the mediation had not advanced during this interval , the discussion respecting it had not ended . Demands were still made with which Russia would not comply , but her non-compliance did not induce us entirely to break off upon the subject of the mediation ; and it was not till the 29th of Oct. more than five weeks after the date of the letter I have just mentioned , giving an account of the conference between count Romanzow and lord Granville Levison , that his lordship delivered an official Note to the court of St. Petersburgh to bring the matter of mediation to a point . [ p . 211 . ] It does not appear that any answer was given to that official note . On the 8th of Nov. the Declaration of the emperor of Russia on the attack of the English upon Copenhagen was made public ; and a Note was delivered to lord Granville Levison which put an end to all communication between G. Britain and Russia , and placed them in a situation of hostility with regard to each other . [ p . 216 . ] —Sir , I have thus gone through the papers which have been submitted to us upon the Russian offer of mediation , and the investigation furnishes me with this conclusion ; that there were three modes in which the king 's servants might have proceeded with regard to that mediation . The first was to have accepted it in the only way in which it could with propriety be accepted ; with promptitude , frankness and confidence . I do not say that ministers are censurable for not having done this . The responsibility they would have taken upon themselves , was undoubtedly great : the issue might have been fortunate . No blame , however , attaches to those who declined such a decided line of conduct . The second course which might have been taken , was to have told Russia immediately , that in the circumstances of the case , England could not accept her mediation : but to have done this , accompanied with all the expressions of tenderness , conciliation , and confidence towards Russia , which could have been 826 devised . At the same time , adding that although the mediation of Russia was declined for the reasons stated , a direct communication with France would be accepted , if offered on the part of that power ; and even avowing frankly to Russia , not only that such was the disposition of the English government , but that if England felt that her overtures would be received in a manner becoming her honour and dignity , and upon the footing of equality , she would not be indisposed to make such overtures . I am of opinion , that if such overtures had been made at that moment , it