uncontradicted , and incapable of contradiction , that the French Decree was not executed on America , and that she never acquiesced , as it regarded her , even under its principle or publication ; we are brought back again to the law of nations : we must be hound by its ordinary principles , and governed by their universal application . The circumstances upon which the new conjuncture has been assumed having been removed , there can be no other standard , by which the justice of our conduct to other nations can be measured.—I shall now therefore , my lords , bring before you and very shortly ( for the subject lies in the narrowest compass ) the rights of neutrals , as they have been settled by the highest authorities , and especially by those of our own country in the best times ; and , as the subject 950 is now narrowed to the right of imposing this constructive blockade , I will shew you by the best and most modern decision , pronounced even in the midst of the war with revolutionary France , that it is inadmissable and illegal . In the case of the Juffrow Maria ; Schroeder , master , reported by Dr. Robinson in his first vol . p. 154 , which was the case of a vessel taken for coming from Havre as a blockaded port , sir W. Scot gave judgment in these words : It is perfectly clear that a blockade had taken place some months before , and that the notification was communicated to the claimants of government , not only that a blockade would be imposed , but of a most rigorous kind . A blockade may be more or less rigorous , either for the single purpose of watching the military operations of the enemy , and preventing the egress of their fleet , as at Cadiz ; or on a more extended scale , to cut off all access of neutrals to that interdicted place , which is strictly and properly a blockade : for the other is in truth no blockade at all , as far as neutrals are concerned : it is an undoubted right of belligerents to impose such a blockade , though a severe right , and as such not to be extended by construction . It may operate as a grievance upon neutrals , but it is one to which , by the established law of nations , they are bound to submit . Being , however , a right of a severe nature , it is not to be aggravated by mere construction , and I can not shut my eyes to a facts that presses upon the court ; that the blockade has not been duly carried into , effect . What is a blockade but to prevent access by actual force . If the ships stationed on the spot , to keep up the blockade , will not use their force for that purpose , it is impossible for a court of justice to say there is a blockade actually existing at the time so as to bind this neutral vessel . A contrary principle would spread beyond the individual case . The property of innocent persons would be ensnared , and the honour of our own country is involved in the decision . ' The language of sir W. Scott , upon this occasion , is remarkable . He says , 'it is impossible for a court of justice to say that a blockade was actually existing . ' Yet why impossible my lords , if the judge were obliged to receive implicitly the arbitrary mandates of the privy council ? The proposition , however , that the prize courts are bound to proceed according to 951 the law of nations , undisturbed by any ordinances repugnant to them , is much too important to be rested here : I will therefore proceed to establish it by the highest judicial authorities of our own counrry , sanctioned by the most solemn declarations from his majesty himself in council , in his transactions with other states