conditions specifically declared in it , instead of vesting in the crown an arbitrary discretion to dispense with the prohibition by licences , a power destructive of the equality of British commerce , and dangerous to the freedom of the British constitution . ( Signed , ) Erskine , Cholmondeley , Upper Ossory , Bedford , Ponsonby , ( earl of Besborough ) , Albemarle , Ponsonby , ( of Immokilly ) , EsSex , Carrington , Grenville , Rosslyn , Lauderdale , Clifton , ( earl of Darnley . ) '' moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the Assessed Taxes bill . begged to call the attention of the house to this bill , which was about to pass without that degree of notice which its importance required . This bill went to repeal all the existing Assessed Taxes , and to grant others in lieu thereof , and as the constitutional mode of proceeding had not been taken with respect to it , and no parliamentary ground had been laid for the imposition of new taxes , however unusual it was to take such a course , he should oppose the further progress of the bill , unless some satisfactory ground should be shewn in support of the measure . The forms of the house were the constitutional barriers against innovations , such as this measure ; and he should therefore oppose the measure , unless a constitutional ground should be laid for its adoption . not understanding what the hon . gent . meant by constitutional ground , begged to state to the house the grounds upon which his right hon . friend had brought forward this measure . The house would be aware that it was due to the public creditor , when an addition was made to the public debt , to make a provision for the interest and charges accruing from such an addition . It would be recollected that a sum of four millions of Exchequer bills had been funded in the course of the present session , the charge for interest and sinking fund upon which amounted to 252,000l . The sum to be raised by the bill before the house was something more than 100,000l . as part of the ways and means for defraying the charge alluded to ; as the Assessed Taxes were to be collected from the 5th of April it was desirable , however , small as the addition might be , to bring forward the proposition in time , so that the house might be aware of the extent of it . As he was on his legs he took occasion to state , that there was a clause in the bill for reducing the allowance of poundage to the collectors one fourth , by which there would be a saving to the public of fifteen thousand pounds . was not satisfied with the explanation of the hon . gent . who had not communicated any thing but what the house knew before . Parliament was a great council of finance to the government , 1328 and ought to be constitutionably consulted upon all subjects of new taxes . It was from a conviction , that so far as related to the 252,000l . the annual charge upon the funded exchequer bills , no new taxes were necessary , as he could shew , and on that account he should oppose the further progress of the bill . was not sensible of any unconstitutional circumstance connected with this measure . If the hon . gent . believed that he could point out a mode of providing for the payment of the interest of the addition to the public debt , without new taxes , that was a sufficient reason for his taking the course he adopted , or preferring his own suggestion . But the house must expect that the hon. * gent . should state his proposition before it would interfere with the progress of the measure . It was desirable , if the bill was to pass in the present session , that it should be passed with