as indicating a disposition in this house , not to give erect to that wise and salutary recommendation . ( Signed ) , Essex , Jersey , Vassall Holland , King , Cowper , Ponsonby of Imokilly , Lauderdale Grey , Albemarle , Ponsonby , Stafford , Carrington . `` — '' Dissentient for the 1st , 2d , and 4th reasons : Spencer , Clifton ( Earl of Darnley ) . '' moved , that there be laid before the house an Account of the sums expended for the establishment of government Expresses between the ports of Holyhead and Dublin , from the 1st of Jan. 1801 , to the 1st of Jan. 1803 . The hon . gent . said it was too general for expresses to pass between the two countries , for no other purpose than to give a favourite government newspaper a priority of intelligence over their less dependant competitors , The paper he particularly alluded to was an evening paper , which had been very active in its disapprobation of the late changes in his majesty 's ministers . But the same paper was now the warmest advocate in support of the measures of the men it had not long since opposed . though he did not object to the motion , could not think the object of so much importance as it appeared to the hon . gent . it appeared to him to have no other object than to ascertain what newspapers in Ireland had or had not prior intelligence the London news , and to prevent papers From having thirty or forty hours prior intelligence . The paper alluded to had some ground of preference , as it was the only daily evening paper in Dublin , and had an extensive circulation . contended , that the unjustifiable partiality of government , in procuring for that paper prior intelligence by extraordinary expresses , was what had increased the circulation of that paper , and injured that of others , to such a serious degree , that one paper had already suffered a loss in circulation of no less than 5000 copies weekly . said , that the expresses cost government 201. a day , whether they went or not , and that therefore the dispatching them could not be productive of any additional expence.—The motion wag then agreed to . 1089 CONDUCT OF MARQUIS WELLESLEY—RESUMED DEBATE ON THE OUDE CHARGE . ] The house resumed the adjourned debate on the conduct of the Marquis Wellesley relative to the Affairs of Oude ( see p. 993 ) . The first Resolutions being read , spoke as follows : — Mr. Speaker ; considering this question as intimately connected in its policy with that which it will be my duty shortly to submit to the house , ( the Carnatic Question ) —viewing it as one great link of the same chain of Eastern policy , ( if policy it cart be called ) that distinguished the administration of lord Wellesley , I can not content myself with giving a silent vote on the motions of the noble lord . Before , however , I enter upon the question itself , I must submit to the house a few observations on the very extraordinary objections to the motion , which were advanced by an hon . gent . on the floor , ( Mr. Bankes ) who concluded the debate at its adjournment . The objection of the hon . gent . to our proceedings , was founded on the incompetency of this tribunal to take cognizance of the subject . I think the hon . gent . stated , 'that its functions were of a legislative , not of a judicial nature . ' Without entering into a minute investigation of the powers and constitution of parliament , the history of which would fully demonstrate the extent of its judicial , as well as legislative functions , for the purpose of instituting criminal proceedings—I would ask that hon . gent . if , on reflection , he can entertain a doubt of the right , and even of the expediency of parliament