subject , but by the legislative power . According to the true principles of the constitution , nothing but the parliament could levy money of the people , and yet , what was the mmediate effect of this system of granting licences with a discretionary power ? Nothing less than that of establishing an impost , a system of taxation on the subject , in contradiction of the very spirit of the constitution , and in open violation of the law of the land . By this system the entire foreign trade was thrown into the hands of the executive , and thus the foreign trade was exclusively submitted to the controul of the licences of the executive , which licences were not authorized by act of parliament . He understood that the yearly amount of fees received at the Privy Council Office for these licences was very considerable . By what rule , or at what rate they were imposed , he knew not . He was not even aware of any approximation to their amounts ; but it was sufficient for the house to know , that almost the whole of the foreign trade was carried on by these licenses , and that in them fees originated which were unauthorized by parliament , and which amounted to a direct impost and taxation on foreign commerce . The hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` That an humble address he presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before the house a List of all the Licences granted by his majesty 's privy council to private persons , in a manner that would have been illegal , unless under the authority of said Licence , from the month of May 1803 , to the 1st day of November last inclusive , distinguishing the number in each month and year . '' said that there could be but one wish on the part of his majesty 's ministers , with respect to the principle of the motion now before the house . The hon . gent . had prefaced his motion with a speech that 187 did him great credit , and shewed at once his candour and perspicuity ; in the same spirit of candour he would suggest to that hon . gent . an amendment in the wording of the motion now before the house . The motion went to require a list of the Licences , & c. and there was annexed the distinction of legality , and illegality , a distinction that , perhaps , it would not he so easy to ascertain as might at first he imagined . As to the first objection , it would be scarcely possible to supply a list of all the Licences granted within the five years , specifying each , and severally distinguishing them . begged pardon for interrupting the right hon . gent . but he thought he could save the house and the right hon . gent . much unnecessary trouble , by stating that the wording of the present motion , as far as related to the list of licences , specifying each , was a mistake to be attributed to his inadvertency ; as his intention was to have moved rather for the number of licences so granted , which would as fully answer the ultimate object of his motion . It was then agreed upon , that the papers to be laid before the house should be an account of the number of licences so granted , & c. could not avoid pressing upon the consideration of the hon . gent . the propriety of another alteration in the wording of his motion . The distinction that was attempted to be laid down as to what orders were legal or illegal , would be necessarily productive of delay , if not difficulty . Perhaps it was not going too far to say , that all such orders were in a manner illegal ; but yet , if such were not allowed , and to a certain extent , it would