consideration of the circumstances out of which it arose . It is evident then , that the Decree of the French government , of the 21st of Nov. 1806 , is the foundation of the present proceeding . That decree purported to declare the British isles in a state of blockade , and to prohibit all commerce whatever , even with neutral nations , in the manufactures of this country . The effect of that decree was to exclude us from all foreign powers whatever ; and to prevent them not only from carrying on their accustomed trade with this country , but even to exclude the possibility of one neutral nation trading with safety to another . An American vessel trading from one neutral port to another , was subject to be seized by that Decree of the French government.—Sir , it has been said , that we have misconstrued this Decree , and that it does not in effect blockade this country . In regard to its prohibiting the carriage of Our produce or manufactures , there can be no doubt ; but it has been alleged that there could have been some other mode of avoiding its consequences . In my opinion , I do not see any great difference whether the threatened blockade was included in it or not ; for if foreign ships had only been allowed to come to this country with their foreign produce , and not enabled to take away our goods in return , that surely amounted very nearly to a similar blockading declaration . I can not but he surprised that any person can read this French Decree , and doubt its construction . The very Preamble of it recites what has been done by this country ; but it must be admitted that 667 these imputations are groundless and false . It states that this country had blockaded various ports against neutrals , and argues the necessity of retaliation , and of declaring the British isles in a state of blockade . The fact , however , is falsely assumed , that this country ever declared any port in a state of blockade , without previously investing that port . I shall do the late government of this country the justice to say that when they blockaded any of the enemy 's ports , they anxiously inquired whether those ports had been in the first place regularly invested . The French government , in their decree , avowed their intention of retaliation , without previously investing our ports , and therefore all the consequences of that blockade must be presumed to follow that declaration . It goes on through six articles , and then states , that any vessel coming from the British ports with British goods , shall not be admitted into any port of that country , meaning France itself . Now there does seem something of an inconsistency between this article , and the first one in that Decree ; the one , in a certain degree , doing away the effect of the other . It might , indeed , be doubted whether this was not done on purpose that no vessel should be admitted direct from our ports to those of France , till they touched at some intermediate one . It surely , at least , would bear such a construction : but still the previous part of it justified us in a contrary conclusion . That Decree of the French government avowed itself to mean a retaliation for an imaginary offence ; and what , then , became the duty of this country , and other countries , in consequence of this outrageous measure ? It surely became their duty to render such a mode of unaccustomed warfare to be retaliated and retorted upon the enemy . It was our duty to do this with as much forbearance as possible against other countries . Although it be a just principle in the law of nations that other countries must naturally suffer , in a certain degree , by the measures adopted , by belligerent powers ; yet it is surely the duty