; and hence he had urged how ruinous to our commerce the operation of the Orders in Council must prove , especially if carried to their utmost extent against the trade of the United States . It would be found , that between the account now in his hand , and a similar one presented last year , there was a difference of between three and four millions , but of this falling off he was not disposed to complain ; but at the same time , he must advise their lordships to prepare their minds for a very different statement next year , should the measure of the Orders in Council be unfortunately persisted in to their present extent . The noble lord further observed that , in order more precisely to ascertain the difference between the two years in the different branches of our manufactures , he should now move , `` That there be laid before the house an account of the amount of the value of the Exports for the last three months , ending the 5th of Jan . 1808 . '' would not object to the motion of the noble lord ; but he could not help remarking the difference of tone which the noble lord assumed on the same subject this year , from what he had assumed in the preceding year . Last year his observations were accompanied with a warm panegyric on the late administration . This year there was no panegyric on his majesty 's present ministers . said it was too much for 1044 the noble earl to expect a panegyric on the present occasion , unless he should praise ministers for the diminution in the exports of the country to the amount of nearly four millions . He had indeed adverted to that falling off ; but he had said , he did not complain of it . To panegyrise ministers must surely have savoured of irony . advised ministers not to provoke comparisons between their own conduct and that of their predecessors . In the conduct of the latter there was every thing good , in that of the former nothing but mischief.—The question was then put and agreed to . On the order of the day being read for the house resolving itself into a committee on this bill , to oppose the measure altogether . Nothing had occurred to his mind since the question was last agitated to induce him to depart from the opinion he had then expressed ; he should , therefore , still persist in considering the bill as an infringement of the prerogative of the crown ; and , in the manner in which it was brought before their lordships , he might also fairly contend that it was an encroachment on the privileges of their lordships ' house . He could not but express his apprehension of what might be the consequences of their lordships ' acquiescing in the measure . He would , however , refer them to the measures that were witnessed in this country in the year 1641 , and to the consequences with which they had been attended . They afforded so strong a lesson to him on the present occasion , that he must give his decided negative to the bill going into a committee , as he completely despaired that it would be possible , by any amendment , to free it from the objections to which he thought it liable . He should therefore move , that the order be discharged . was at a loss how the bill could be viewed in the light in which the noble lord seemed to consider it . It was not in the contemplation of the bill to infringe the prerogative of the crown . Its object merely was to suspend the granting of places in reversion for a time to be limited ; such at least he understood would be one of the amendments proposed in the committee ? and on the ground of that intended amendment it was that he should vote that the bill be committed . That suspension of the exercise of