noble marquis had disdained to regulate his policy in the government of India by that system which the East India directors had recommended ; regardless of the voice of the British legislature , of two acts of parliament forbidding the extension of territory , he had , confident in his own talents , and in gratification of his own ambitious views , abrogated the solemn provisions of ratified treaties , and committed , by his disregard of the recorded injunctions of parliament , the good faith of the British character , and the security of our possessions in India . It had been said that such a system of action was executed for the public good , that it was not only calculated to produce benefit to Great Britain , but to 1039 the very people and government against whom the aggression was committed . Against this interference he should ever contend , that it was the universal plea of tyrants , the ready defence of oppression , and it was that palliation which heretofore had been given by all the promoters of conquest and subjugation in India . Such a defence was similar to that assumed by Buonaparte ; it was only to be compared with the French degree of 1792 , which this and every other moral country reprobated , because it was founded on that reprehensible principle , that a foreign power was justified in interfering with the domestic arrangements of a state , under the professed pretext of correcting the errors of its domestic policy , and of advancing the general happiness of the people . Was it in England that such a plea could be tolerated ? Was it in this country that such a pretext of interference with the rights and independence of a recognised government could receive sanction and support from its legislature ? But , what was the first mode of relief ? it was a monopoly of salt , from which the hon . gent . who spoke last said a revenue of 125,000l . was derived . Such an impost , as creating a monopoly , was in every view injurious ; but , as affecting a necessary of life , was unjust and tyrannical . The hon . gent . opposite had reviewed the whole history of India , from the first establishment of the British power in that quarter of the world , and had laid considerable stress on the probable dangers which threatened the Indian interest of this country in the years 1790 and 1791 . In what way did they apply to the merits of the present question ? For any explanation or defence to be extracted from such a reference , he might as well have talked of the probable dangers with which this country was menanced by the Spanish power , in the reign of queen Elizabeth . The fact still remained undenied and indisputable , that the marquis Wellesley had violated ; the recorded and positive determination of parliament , and therefore he trusted that the house of commons , in defence of their own resolutions , in support of the law of the land , in vindication of the national character , would visit with its censure any man , from the lowest servant in the service of the East India Company , to the proud and mighty governor who travelled with his troop of horse , who should dare to act in disobedience to the promulgated enactments of the legislature and to the 1040 total disregard of existing treaties . There was no proof of that evident necessity , which could alone warrant the interference with the nabob of Oude . There was no backwardness in the payment of his instalments on the part of that prince . But it was evident , that from the very moment that marquis Wellesley arrived in India , when he was scarce warm in his office , before any complaint was or could be made against the nabob , he , the marquis , had , in his first dispatch to colonel Scott , the resident at Lucknow , expressed his determination of possessing