house upon the subject , in its present circumstances , should go forth to the country ; and he was the more anxious on tins ground , because a very general misunderstanding had arisen without doors , both upon the measure itself , and the late proceeding thereupon . That misunderstanding had been most industriously excited ; he would not say with what view , nor from what motives , but certainly it had been most actively disseminated . For himself , he was free to declare what , in his humble opinion , should be the main object of that house in its further proceedings on this measure ; so to arrange and model the bill , that they might not send up to the other house the same bill which that other house had already rejected ; and if they could so qualify the bill as to ensure the concurrence of the other house , without vitally affecting its principle , he did think that the house in that case would have accomplished its object . But if any bill which had been rejected by the other house should be again sent up to them , gentlemen must feel , that the lords would , in that case , jealously assert their own privileges , and consult their honour and dignity as one of the houses of parliament , in rejecting at once any attempt to force upon them a measure they had already negatived . He , for his part , should chearfully accede to the proposition of his hon . friend ; but at the same time , if it would be so inconvenient to the right hon . gent . now to go into a committee , he should not resist any arrangement for mutual accommodation . thought it necessary to apprize the house , that no order being dropped was revived of course , unless a general understanding in any particular case dispensed with the general usage : it was otherwise competent for any hon . member to object to any motion grounded on such order . Mr. Bankes said , that he should be governed by the opinion of the chair , and therefore should now merely move , that the house do to-morrow resolve itself into a committee on the said bill . before the question was put , wished to know from the right hon . gent . opposite , if it was his intention to propose in the committee any amendments , of a nature so important as to affect materially the principle and constitution of the bill ? He wished , in short to know the 1318 object of the right hon . gent . 's amendments . replied , that in any amendments he might feel it his duty to offer , his sole object would be , to prevail upon that house to let the bill so go out of it as to ensure , as far as could be done , the concurrence of the lords ; to make the bill now before the house substantively different from that which had been already rejected by the upper house . He knew not that it would be necessary for him to suggest any amendment to the committee ; nor was he at all anxious to engraft any amendment on the bill , but in the way and for the purpose he had already stated . really felt for the embarrassment under which the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer laboured . Having given notice of two precise amendments , he thought that in courtesy to the house , and in justice to his own consistency , the right hon . gent . ought to explain his intentions more specifically . could only repeat what he had already distinctly stated on the subject , with respect to the principle by which his conduct would be regulated . The manner in which it would be proposed to fill up the blanks in the committee , must unquestionably influence his determination . He thanked the hon . gent . for his kind sympathy , in what he was