was afforded by the passage of an hostile force , from one extremity of the province to the other , that force was not joined by a single individual of those 'suffering millions , ' as they had been so pathetically , but so unfoundedly , termed . But the noble lord accused his noble friend , not only of sending into Oude a force larger than what was necessary , but of charging the vizier for it force larger than was actually sent . If this were true , which he denied , the noble marquis had nothing to do with it . He had desired the proper officer to make-out the account in the manner most favourable to the nabob , If any mistake had taken place , which was not very likely , and which he completely disbelieved , was the commander in chief in India to be chargeable with the error of a clerk in the accountant-general 's office ? The noble lord had so mingled in his Resolutions that which was true , with that which was not quite true , that he felt the impossibility of proposing any amendment to them . On all , therefore , but the last , he should move the previous question : to the last he must give his most direct negative . It charged his noble friend with ambition and the love of power . True , he was ambitious , but it was that his country should be great ; true , he did love power , but it was the power of contributing by every honourable means to her prosperity and happiness . Traduced as his noble friend 's character had been , he was desirous of meeting the personal imputations that had been east upon him , and should conclude with moving the following Resolution : — '' That it appears to this house , that the marquis Wellesley in carrying into execution the late arrangements in Oude , was actuated by an ardent zeal for the public service , and by the desire of providing more effectually for the prosperity , the defence , and the safety of the British territories in India . '' rose and spoke as follows : —Sir ; It is with great diffidence I venture to offer myself to your notice , and to trespass on the attention of the house ; but having passed the greater portion of my life in India , having been there during the early part of the administration of the noble marquis whose conduct is the subject of investigation ; having held an official , and I may say confidential , situation , which gave me opportunities of knowing something of the motives and principles which governed 1025 the conduct of the noble lord during that period . And having attentively perused the voluminous papers laid before parliament , I can not reconcile to my feelings to give a silent vote in this question . A question which , important as it is to the character of the noble lord , is of infinitely greater importance to the public—for , in my humble opinion , if the Resolutions moved by the noble lord shall receive the sanction of this house , it will lead to the subversion of every existing treaty with the native princes of India , and shake the foundation of the British power in the East.—In discussing the justice and the policy of the measures pursued by marquis Wellesley in Oude ; it is necessary to consider , what was the nature of our connection with that state , at the time when these measures were adopted ; and I think there is abundant proof in the Papers before us , that Oude was not an independent principality ; but that it was altogether dependant on the British government , and in fact identified with it.—I am supported in this opinion by high authorities : lord Cornwallis , in a letter to the court of directors dated 16th Nov. 1786 , observes 'the real interests of the vizier we look upon as inseparable from our own . ' (