amounting to 95,000 cavalry , 30,000 infantry and 400 guns , we shall find there was a force of no less than 230,000 men and 870 guns , which , in my opinion , would have been brought into the field against us if that formidable confederacy bad not been defeated , by the foresight , the promptitude , and the vigour of the measures pursued by the noble lord.—This force is independant of Zemaun Shaw 's army , which menaced 1033 Oude , and of the army of the Nizam . Besides these dangers with which we were threatened at the time the noble lord took charge of the Indian government , he found an empty treasury and our credit so low , that the company 's per cent . paper was at a discount of more than 20 per cent . I would beg to call the attention of the house to the situation in which we should at this moment stand , threatened as India is by the ruler of France , if the measures of the noble lord not been carried into effect ? I would ask , what our prospects would be if a large French force , reaching the north-western frontier of India , were to be there joined by 40,000 well disciplined native troops , under French officers , and 200 pieces of Artillery , with every necessary equipment for an army , and with the resources of a country , yielding an annual revenue of above on million sterling ? —If Oude , our frontier , was in the disordered and distracted state in which it was found by the noble lord , with its army as described by Sir James Craig , totally undisciplined , 'mutinous , licentious , unarmed , and disaffected to their prince and his government . ' I think we might tremble for the safety of India . But if , in addition to this , there was a force of 15,000 men and 60 guns , under French officers at Hydrabad , threatening the northern Circars and to cut off all communication by land between Madras and Bengal ? —If Tippoo Sultan was at the head of an army sufficiently powerful to meet us as he did , single handed in the field ? If Scindiah , the rajah of Berar , and Holkar , were combined against us ? And if French inffuence pervaded every court in India ? I think there is no man that hears me so sanguine as to believe that , under these circumstances , we could retain our dominion in the East.—Fortunately , these dangers have been averted by the noble lord . He augmented the British force in Oude to guard against the attack that was menaced by Zemaun Shah , and directed the whole of his attention to overcome our foreign enemies . The French force at Hydrabad , and the French influence at that court , were completely annihilated . This able measure was followed up by the conclusion of a treaty with the Nizam , by which our subsidiary force was considerably augmented , and British influence was established . In the short space of two months , from the time the army under general Harris crossed our frontier , Tippoo Sultan , in the vain attempt to defend his capital , lost his life ; and his dominions 1034 surrendered to the British power.—The Peishwa , driven by Scindiah and Holkar from his capital , and obliged to take refuge at Bombay , was restored to his authority , and a subsidiary treaty was concluded with him , similar to that with the Nizam.—Cuttac , the only maritime territory of the Marhattas on the coast of Coromandel , ever considered of the utmost importance , as connecting our possessions in Bengal with those of Madras , and as shutting out the French from all communication with the Mahrattas , on that side of India ; was acquired.—Acquisitions , nearly as important , were made on the coast of Malabar , excluding the French in that quarter.—In less than three months , lord Lake ( a