at his credulity , he did not venture to hope that they themselves would ; let it however be so taken , and told to the country , that in the confidence and enthusiasm of youthful feeling he had trusted that the honourable gentlemen could , when in power , have been honest , and that they themselves had said that he was deceived ; —let it be said or him , that he was willing to believe it possible that they were not base ; and let it be added , that with a full knowledge of their own hearts , they laughed at his simplicity . He was at a loss to find on what grounds the opposition of this night rested ; the victorious speeches of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) on former occasions , the able and decisive speech of the noble lord ( lord Gower ) on this , the evidence of the papers on the table , the testimony of , France and Denmark themselves , all seemed to over-whelm the opposite , side with a weight of argument which he knew not how they could evade . Against the hon . gentlemen was a train of facts and reasoning such as human affairs seldom admitted of , for them , there were , what ? —their own assertions and the Moniteur . They disbelieved our ambassadors , they disbelieved our ministers , they disbelieved the speech of their sovereign—but they , forsooth , put their 1230 trust in the Moniteur ; and why are they so credulous abroad and so incredulous at home ; to throw a scandal , on their country , to stain its honour , ruin its character , and debase the ancient glory and integrity of Britain ; and this is their political morality.—They themselves had pursued similar measures , they themselves had in some degree deserved well of their country , but now they despise their own fame , they throw away their own reputation , they abjure their own merit , for the petty advantage of saying to their successors , `` You imitated us , and deserve to be cashiered fur so doing . '' He would retort on himself a right hon . gent . 's ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) own phrase , and say , `` For shame ! for shame ! why are you so shabby in your iniquity ? '' And this reminded him of the charge that had been made against his side of the house , of having first broached the detestable doctrines of the new morality . He denied it ! he abhorred them ! He appealed to the house whether it was not the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) who would have had us break faith to keep Zealand , —and who first used the expression alluded to . Who was it that represented ill faith and treachery as less odious if attended with benefit ? who first asserted the abominable doctrine that vice , by becoming bold , might become honourable ? who were the aristocrats in iniquity , that supposed it became pardonable as soon as it was splendid ? Surely neither he nor his friends had ever received these position from the other side of the house without the abhorrence they deserved.—For his part his political morality was of a different school—he loved this country—respected this house , and revered his king above France , its tribunates , or emperors . He believed the evidence of English ministers , and the English sovereign , in preference to the Moniteur . He despised the practice of railing at the emperor of France ; but he must say that , his morality taught him to receive with suspicion the evidence of that person , and of those here who repeated his testimony ; and Particularly in a case in which the honour of his country was assailed . The honourable member concluded by recapitulating ; the fullest evidence , he said , had been adduced in support of the necessity of our proceedings at Copenhagen ; the Only