, and much less a partial and garbled extract from such dispatch , when he had , in his opinion , been most improperly called to order by a noble earl . He had been merely giving an account of his public conduct , in perfect consistency with his duty , and , as he conceived , within the rules of order by which discussions in that house were regulated . He was happy , however , to hear from so high an authority as the noble lord upon the woolsack , an admission of the impropriety and indecency of reading extracts from dispatches , which he asserted to be the pro- 445 petty of his majesty , and he hoped that the animadversions of the noble lord upon this novel and dangerous practice , would operate as a useful lesson to those by whom it had been introduced . With all due deference , however , to the opinion of learned and noble lord , he submitted it to the house , whether , after so foul a use ( for foul he must call it ) as had been made of the letters of his noble friend , was not to be permitted to state the facts as they really stood in his own vindication , and whether , after his conduct and character had been arraigned , he was not to be suffered to wipe off the aspersions which had been cast upon him by declaring the truth , and the whole truth of the case . He must suppose , however , from what had just fallen from the noble lord upon the woolsack , that had an attempt been made to do a thing so irregular , and fraught with so much danger , as to read , in his hearing , extracts from any public and official communications unauthorized and uncalled upon , he would immediately have interrupted the person by whom the attempt was made . He would not allude to any thing that had passed in another place , but it was rather surprising , that the noble lord upon the woolsack , with these rigorous sentiments respecting duty and order , did not on this very evening admonish the noble secretary of state of his irregularity , in reading a part of a public dispatch , to which their lordships ' attention had been called in the course of his speech . At any rate , after the reproof which had now been administered , he hoped that the noble secretary would kiss the rod with meekness , and receive the chastisement with humble submission . said , that it certainly was highly irregular to refer to any thing which had passed in another place , and he conceived it to be very improper for any noble lord , who had been employed in a public capacity , to disclose the secrets of his mission ; particularly without any previous communication with those to whom his dispatches were addressed . He knew of no charge or imputation that had been brought against the noble lord , and therefore he considered such a disclosure , in the present instance , to say the least of it , altogether unnecessary . insisted that his noble friend had said nothing which was not necessary for his own vindication from a charge which was brought against him in the Morning Post , and which was there 446 imputed to his majesty 's secretary of state for foreign affairs . reminded the noble lord , that if the Morning Post contained any thing improper , there was an authority in another place quite competent to set it to rights . continued : As soon as he found that the Russians were not likely to advance , he was decidedly of opinion , that we ought not to send a single man to the continent . He gave every degree of credit to the bravery of the Russian troops , but the French had every kind of advantage over them ; and in no mission on which he might be sent would he ever deceive the country