pleased to term his embarrassment . He was , however , conscious of no embarrassment ; but on the contrary , believed , that the embarrassment was on the part of the hon . gent . and his friends , who were apprehensive that the measure , about which they professed to be so anxious , should go to the house of lords with less obstruction than they anticipated . declared it was his most anxious wish that the bill should go to the lords in such a shape , as to give it a chance of being passed by their lordships . It was on that account that he was glad to find the hon . mover intended to limit the operation of it to two years . He could not at all comprehend the right hon . gent . trusted that his conduct in the whole of this transaction would be free from any suspicion that he would admit of a dishonourable compromise on the subject . He repeated his former statements , that he had never in the most remote degree abandoned the original principles in which he submitted this bill to the house ; he hoped that the house would never abandon them ; 1319 but he had considered himself obliged to give up for a time a part of those principles , in order to do as much as he could , since he could not do all that he wished . disclaimed all intention of imputing to the hon . gent . any improper motives . thought the house had not been fairly treated by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer . He had formerly stated two specific amendments which it was his intention to propose ; amendments which would certainly render the bill nugatory , but which had nothing on earth to do with the limitation of time in the operation of the bill ; and now the right hon . gent . said , that he should be regulated by the filling up of the blanks in the committee , when in fact there was but one blank in the bill , and that blank related solely to the limitation of time . This bill had attracted great attention throughout the country . It was a bill of considerable public moment , and that had been much increased by the manner in which it had been opposed in the other house . As the house of commons could have no security that the bill , however modified , would be agreed to by the house of lords , he thought it most important that they should at least preserve their consistency , even at the hazard of giving offence to their lordships ; it had always been his intention , therefore , and he now formally notified it , when the bill had passed through the committee , to move that the limitation of time should be left out altogether . For the purpose of allowing the bill to be committed to-morrow , he would cheerfully postpone his motion for papers respecting Russia to Friday.—The bill was then ordered to be committed to-morrow . moved for leave to bring in a bill for the better care and maintenance of Pauper and Criminal Lunatics . The hon . gent expatiated with much feeling on the misery to which these unfortunate beings were at present exposed . It appeared by the returns on the table , that there were at the present moment , above 1800 pauper and criminal lunatics , confined in places where they were precluded from all possible chance of recovery . When it was known , that of the lunatics in Bedlam , St. Luke 's , & c. about half were annually restored to a sane state of mind , the consideration that so many unhappy wretches as the criminal and pauper lunatics should be doomed to irremediable misery was a 1320 most melancholy one . He meant to propose in the bill , that they should be properly taken care of by the respective parishes to which they belonged . The propriety of extending the