either way , for the purpose of avoiding controversy upon that point to-night ; and in the view of my argument , it is unimportant which of these statements be true ; but this is certain , that for the events , which I have just mentioned , the present ministers are not responsible . No , their responsibility arises from far different causes . Denmark in the course of the last summer has been attacked , insulted and calumniated : but she has been left with her strength unimpaired , and from a neutral forced into the situation of an enemy.—Russia , from an ally , is now in arms against you . America is on the eve of war , and the opportunity of obtaining a decision in our favor , when decision had become necessary , absolutely and entirely lost . In the place of that political wisdom which is expert at seizing those moments which folly overlooks and indiscretion neglects , the whole mind of the administration is employed in absurd custom-house regulations , which 806 never can be executed , but will only remain a monument of their political weakness . For the situation of Denmark , Russia and America towards us the ministers are responsible.—Sir , the war has been described by them , in the same speech from the throne , as a war purely defensive . There can exist no reason , therefore , against its termination , arising out of any expectations of positive advantage which can be formed from its continuance , —it must be a question purely of terms . Our means of defence , in the strict sense of the term , are great , although not perhaps adequate to the greatness of our external possessions . Our means of defence , by the way of offence upon the enemy , are little or none . For , I would ask , where is it possible to make any impression upon France ? Where can you come in contact with her ? By what means or in what direction can you use your armies for the purpose of making her desirous of peace ? For my own part I see no possibility of making any effective attack upon the French empire , for I put entirely out of my consideration the preposterous contest of commercial privation , which the ministers have undertaken , and which it is too probable that parliament is about to sanction . What hope can there be that a great commercial nation like this should be able to carry on such a warfare with a country , which , from nature and situation , is almost , if not altogether , independent of commerce ? The suspension of our commerce can not be borne beyond a certain period : the annihilation of the commerce of France would be comparatively unimportant to her , and would leave her with her physical strength unimpaired . If then the war be purely defensive , and if the termination of it depends only upon the terms to be obtained from the enemy , it becomes us , in the first place , to consider whether opportunities of entering into negotiation for the purpose of ascertaining what terms might have been obtained , have not been lost ; and I think I shall be able to skew to the house , that there have been moments in the course of the last few months , which , if wisely improved , might at least have been used for the purpose of putting the sincerity of the enemy to the test , and even if he had been found insincere , it would have been of the utmost importance in my opinion , to have placed his insincerity beyond all question or controversy.—I do not imagine that the house will suppose itself to be precluded , from the 807 consideration of the papers now upon the table , by any part of their address to the king at the beginning of the session : because the papers were not then before us , and certainly they must have been put