's commands signified to me by his principal 591 secretary of state for foreign affairs , under date of the 6th Jan. last , to communicate to you the instructions which have in consequence of your representation been sent to commodore Hood and to the judges of the vice admiralty courts in the West Indies.—I have accordingly the honour to transmit to you , sir , the inclosed copy of a letter from sir Evan Nepean , secretary to the board of admiralty , to Mr. Hammond , his majesty 's under secretary of state for foreign affairs , specifying the nature of the instructions which have been given.—His majesty 's government doubt not that the promptitude which has been manifested in redressing the grievance complained of by the government of the United States , will be considered by the latter as an additional evidence of his majesty 's constant and sincere desire to remove any ground of misunderstanding that could have a tendency to interrupt the harmony which so happily subsists between his government and that of the United States . I have & c. ANT . MERRY ( Letter referred to in second Inclosure of No . 1. and in the preceding Letter . ) To George Hammond esq . Dated Admiralty Office , 5th Jan. 1804 . Sir ; Having communicated to the lords of the admiralty lord Hawkesbury 's letter of the 23d ultimo , inclosing the copy of a dispatch which his lordship had received from Mr. Thornton his majesty 's chargé d'affaires in America , on the subject of the blockade of the islands of Martinique and Guadaloupe , together with the report of the advocate general thereupon ; I have their lordships commands to acquaint you , for his lordship 's information , that they have sent orders to commodore Hood not to consider any blockade of those islands as existing , unless in respect of particular ports which may be actually invested , and then not to capture vessels bound to such ports unless they shall previously have been warned not to enter them , and that they have also sent the necessary directions on the subject to the judges of the vice admiralty courts in the West Indies and America . I am & c. rose , pursuant to notice , to move for certain Papers , which there was a necessity for having before the house , previous to the discussion which he intended to introduce on Monday se'nnight . All these papers were so obviously necessary to come to a right understanding on the subject of the propriety or impropriety of the conduct of ministers , relative to the proffered Mediation of Russia , and Austria , and he was so much at a loss to conceive any inconvenience that could result from their production , that unless he had received intimation that some of the motions would not be acceded to , he would not have thought that , in the present instance , there was any occasion whatever for his entering upon the question at all . But , as the matter stood , he should be wanting in his duty to the house and to the public , if he did not say something in support of the argument so ably maintained the other night , that publicity was the essence of the British constitution ; and that parliament had a right to call for , and demand , all information which it was consistent with the public safety to give . Publicity might indeed be emphatically termed the essence of the British constitution , and to withhold important information was therefore a violation of its most essential principle . —Having said this much generally , he would now advert to the particular object which he had in view , in the motions which he was now about to submit to 602 the house . Ministers , after the various transactions in which they had been engaged last summer , had laid upon the table notes , dispatches , and extracts of dispatches , explanatory of their conduct . These he considered deficient , and his