the fractional payments to the next integer below them in the inferior classes , would be to reduce that sum to about 107,600l . in the year . For instance , the amount of Assessed Taxes for a house having more than six windows , and not worth more than 5l . rent , was at present 6s . 7d . and would , according to the rate of addition proposed by him , be raised to 6s . 8¼d ; but , according to the scale of reduction he had in contemplation , it would be lowered to 6s . 6d . the sixpence being the immediate integer below the fractional sum . In the higher classes , on the contrary , the payment would be carried to the integer above the fraction . There would be a consequent decrease upon the lower classes , but the slight addition on the higher classes would compensate for that , and make the augmentation upon the whole 107,600l . He therefore moved , `` That it is the opinion of the Committee , that the present duties on Game Licences and the Assessed Taxes do cease and determine , in order that other duties be granted in lieu thereof . '' thought the regulations proposed by the right hon . gent . for transferring the duties on Licences for shooting game , from the Stamps to the Assessed Taxes very good , but suggested , that there should be duplicates of the receipts given for the amount of the duty , in order that the person who paid the duty might have something to shew in proof of his having paid it . expressed his regret there was no clause in any of 1304 the Assessed Taxes bill which subjected assessors guilty of making surcharges wantonly , to the payment of costs , if the surcharges should not be confirmed . He was convinced that power ought to be given for subjecting persons of that description to the payment of costs . also complained of the wanton manner in which surcharges were often made , and wished that some mode of prevention might be found consistent with the bona fide collection of the revenue . said , there were other objects worth the right hon . gent . 's attention , before imposing new taxes ; he meant measures of reform . He would go along with him certainly in preventing frauds and evasions . But he thought it would be better if the right hon . gent . had come down with a paper in his hand of the defaulters of former years . could not conceive in what possible shape an account of this kind could be brought before the house , or of what use it would be to the revenue . If it could be made out , it would of course be granted like other accounts , relating to the public money , on a motion for that purpose . was not then prepared to specify the heads , but would inquire into the subject with a view to a specific motion.—The Resolutions were then agreed to . The house resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , for the further consideration of the Petitions against the Orders in Council . Mr. Brougham was then called to the bar , and addressed the house in a very able and eloquent speech of three hours length in support of the prayer of the Petitioners.—After the learned counsel had finished , he withdrew , and a conversation arose on the expediency of hearing further evidence.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Marriott , Mr. Stephens , and sir C. Price , contended , that if the house were then to take any step on the evidence that had already been adduced , it would be in complete ignorance of the subject . It was therefore proposed by them to examine witnesses , who might fill up the chasm left by those who had been examined . Mr. Tierney , Mr. Whitbread , Dr. Laurence , Mr. Ponsonby , and Mr. A. Baring , expressed their satisfaction