the erasure of the clause objected to , and the adoption of an amendment moved by Mr. Horner , for confining the protection from the disabilities imposed by the 22d of the king , so far as the contracts under this bill might subject thereto the governor , & c. of the bank of England.—The bill was then passed . rose , for the purpose of calling the atten- 466 tion of their lordships to a subject , perhaps of as much importance as any that ever came before them . It must , he said , have occurred to every noble lord , that the issuing of these Orders in Council had set up a new and unprecedented system of warfare , which , from the immense magnitude and importance of the subject , required the most mature deliberation . In calling their lordships ' attention to this subject , he wished them to bear in mind five points . He must suppose , in the first place , that ministers previous to issuing these Orders , had satisfied themselves with respect to their legality , both as relating to the law of nations and to the statute law ; he must also suppose , secondly , that they were satisfied that there was a justifiable ground for issuing these Orders ; thirdly , that they were also satisfied that it was expedient to apply that ground ; fourthly , that the manner and time of issuing them were precisely those which Were proper : the fifth point was of a more trifling nature , but upon which their lordships , perhaps , might have a great deal of trouble ; he meant the intelligibility of the Orders . Before , however , going into a discussion on these points , he thought it necessary to state the circumstances connected with the subject . On the 21st of Nov. 1806 , the French Decree of Blockade was issued at Berlin . It was soon found , that however boasting the terms of this decree were , it was not intended to be executed . The American minister at Paris , general Armstrong , having made an application to the minister of marine , in the absence of the minister for foreign affairs , received for answer , on the 26th of Dec. that it was not intended to be applied to American vessels , nor to interfere With the Treaty of 1800 between France and the United States . On the 31st of Dec. the Treaty was signed between this country and the United States , previous to which , however , his noble friend ( lord Holland ) arid himself , received his majesty 's commands to sign a declaration relative to the French decree , which was delivered to the American plenipotentiaries , and which was perfectly well known . Then came the Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. 1807 . It had been said , that this Order contained expressions which recognised the principle assumed in the orders of the 11th Nov. ; he contended , on the contrary , that the principle of the former order was merely the rule of 1756 , according to which the 467 enemy was not to be allowed in time of war the benefit of trade which had no existence in time of peace ; thus , the object of that Order was to prevent neutrals from carrying on a trade between the ports of the enemy , including under the term enemy , those countries under his influence . This was the principle of that Order , and no abstract expressions in it ought to be taken for the purpose of making it appear to have any other object which it had not . On the 17th of Feb. a message was sent by the President of the United States to the Congress , stating the satisfactory explanation , with respect to American vessels , Which had been given of the French decree by the French government . In July a bill passed their lordships house for continuing the effect of the provisions of the former