in friendship it ended in cruelty and injustice . The noble marquis seemed to have carried a sample of French fraternization to India . The treaty was really a sort of Gallican hug , in which the noble marquis had squeezed the nabob to death . One might as well call a robbery committed by a footpad on a traveller on Hounslow-Heath , a treaty ! If the tyrant who had desolated Europe should ever reach our East India possessions , and find the hearts of the people alienated from us , and our name connected with injustice and oppression , he called upon the house to reflect what an advantage he would have over us . When Trajan put a sword into the hands of the prefect of the Pretorian Bands , he made use of these words , 'As long as I govern well , use it in my 1296 support , if I govern ill , use it against me . ' So it was with the people of India ; if we governed them with justice and moderation we may expect their support , but if we oppress and tyrannize over them we must expect revolt and resistance . The hon . gent . denied that the treaty had ever been approved of by the court of directors , for it was one of their grounds of complaint that the treaty had never been submitted to the court . All that he individually ever did was to put his name to a letter , in which pleasure was expressed that the treaty had given satisfaction ; but at that time he was quite ignorant of the circumstances under which it was concluded . Sir , I am not accustomed to address this house , or to speak in public , and therefore I should do it with great embarrassment at any time , but particularly now , when many gentlemen are calling for the question , and seem to wish to put an end to the debate . I shall , therefore , contract the little I intended to say on this occasion , and yield as soon and as much as I can , to the impatience of the house . Even that little is exposed to so many discouragements , that I should probably have confined myself to voting on the question , if my long residence in India had not furnished me with information , which I hope will be thought to deserve some attention.—I am not surprised that the hon . President of the Board of Controul should have shewn a vigorous disinclination to any further discussion of the subject . I have no doubt that , if the whole of the transactions in Oude were to be buried in oblivion , it would afford peculiar satisfaction to the friends of the noble marquis . Sir , we must look to the exhausted state of the treasury in Calcutta for the secret spring and first movement of his lordship in Oude . Beggary begot necessity , and necessity created the measure of quartering a great part of the Bengal army on the country , or providing for it at the expence of the nabob . Want of money , and no other , was the true cause of this and every other injustice done to the nabob . All manner of pretences have been set up in defence of these measures , except the true one . Distress drove you into these courses , and who was the author of the distress ? who , but the noble marquis himself ? Extravagance produces violence , and then you defend the violence by the extravagance . When political necessity 1297 was pleaded , I did expect that reasons of an over-ruling nature , some imminent danger , some instant cause of apprehension , admitting of no debate , would have been stated to palliate at least , if not to justify the atrocious cruelty , the injustice , and the indignities more galling than injustice , with which the nabob of Oude , as well as many other Indian princes , have been