into a discussion of the question , because it was connected with a variety of others which required a detailed examination . The question before the house was the propriety of the treaty by which the Nabob of Oude was dethroned and stript of his , territory . But this was not a solitary instance of this species of policy . He had concluded many treaties of the same kind , and each was referred to in his instructions to his agents as a model for the other . They could not , therefore , decide upon one treaty without also tak- 700 ing into consideration the model upon ; which it was formed . The justification of some of them was the perfidy of the prince who was dethroned ; but would it be contended , that all the princes who had fallen the victims of his policy were equally perfidious ? And if a general view was taken of the whole policy of his administration , what light , he would ask , was there to guide the house in forming its decision The hon . gent . quoted the opinion of the court of directors , as it was expressed in a printed dispatch that had been published , in which that court , while it expressed a high consideration for the talents of marq . Wellesley , condemned in the most pointed terms , the general tenor of his administration , as contrary to the existing laws , as an open defiance of the authority of the directors , and as an attempt , on his part , to convert the government of India into a simple despotism . In the same dispatch the profusion of his expenditure was censured , and the whole of his conduct to foreign powers reprobated , as a departure from those principles of moderation by which they were desirous that the governor-general should be actuated.—Here called the hon . gent . to order , upon the ground that at the opening of a proceeding , instead of arguing upon matters of fact , he was bringing forward the opinions of those who were to be considered in the light of accusers . on the other side , contended , that his hon . friend was completely in order , because in stating his objections to the proceeding , it was certainly competent for him to mention the grounds of those objections , and his reasons for thinking that a different course should bet adopted . that it was irregular to refer to opinions which were not before the house . then decided , that if this parliament had refused the document which the hon . member was quoting , it would never consent to receive that indirectly . which it had directly refused . But if the , paper had not been refused by this parliament , he was of opinion that the honk gent , was perfectly in order when he made use of it in the course of his argument . proceeded to read another part of the dispatch , in which the system adopted by the marquis Wellesley , for extending the territory and increasing the revenues of the company , was reprobated 701 as unjust , illegal , and impolitic . He contended , that it would be extremely rash for the house , in the face of an opinion so decidedly pronounced by those who were the best judges of the subject , and with an unanimity almost unparalleled ( this dispatch having been signed by 23 out of 24 Directors ) to come to a decision with their present inadequate means of information , directly the reverse of this opinion , which would be the effect of a resolution of acquittal , passed in favour of marquis Wellesley . It ought to be considered , too , that the very circumstance of the marquis Cornwallis having been sent out to supersede marquis Wellesley , then in the prime of life , in the government of India , was a proof that a disapprobation of his conduct was not confined to the court of directors