the hon . member , was there between this article and articles of necessary sustenance ? stated the price of bark at Amsterdam , at different periods since Nov. in order to sheen , that the price would not he enhanced by this measure , the price in Nov. having been 10s . per pound , and at the latest account , 25s . for the very best quality . said a few words against , the clause : he saw no insuperable obstacle to the restoration of peace , but the obstinacy of ministers . justified the principle of the clause , because , though innocent persons might suffer by its operation , there was no mode of warfare in which that was not the case . if the hon . gent . could devise any mode of carrying on war , by which the injuries would be made to fall not on the innocent but on the guilty , they would bestow a benefit on mankind . He was at a loss to distinguish the privation under this measure , from the privation of necessary support from the civil inhabitants of a besieged town . We were justified in retorting his measures upon the enemy , and on this ground we should be justified in the complete prohibition of the exportation of bark . The measure was not intended to promote the greatest possible degree of affliction amongst our enemies ; God forbid ! the object was to endeavour to bring the system acted upon by the enemy to an end . The statement of the 729 hon . gent . that France had sufficient bark for two years consumption , depreciated the whole of the other part of his argument . Even on the sheaving of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Lushington ) opposite , the price of bark had , risen considerably on the continent , and the statement respecting the plentiful supply of sugar on the continent was so improbable in itself , that it could not be credited without the strongest evidence . A war of this kind was detestable , he admitted , but unfortunately it was the only means left for procuring a solid peace . The guilt rested with the enemy . observed , that if the committee agreed to the proposition of endeavouring to prevent bark from reaching the continent , instead of throwing the odium of a want of humanity on the character of Buonaparte , we might most probably find that there would be too just ground for founding a reflection on the character of our own country . The emissaries of Buonaparte might go to the hospitals , and say , here is an English act of parliament ; you see what it is that prevents you from obtaining a remedy for your complaints . ' He put it to the honourable feelings of gentlemen on the opposite side , whether the enemy would not at least have an opening here against us ? , [ Here some significant gestures were made use of by some of the gentlemen on the treasury bench . ] He was not surprised that the editor of a celebrated Manifesto , or that the bombarders of Copenhagen , should express some disapprobation at the mention of this circumstance . For his own part , he recollected when it . was generally supposed , and by some , he believed , it was hoped for , that the French army were likely to be destroyed by a dysentery ; and if he , who was rather favourable to the old morality , were to be asked what he would do , if in such a case he was in possession of such medicine as would be likely to relieve them , he would answer , he would . give it to them ; he would do so not only from 'natives of humanity , but he was also convinced it would be beneficial , in a political point of view . Some gentlemen took up and laid down . the cloak of morality so frequently , changing as it suited