advanced out of the vote of credit of last year , he therefore concluded with moving a Resolution , that 1,100,000l . be granted to his majesty , to enable his majesty to fulfil the engagements contracted with the king of Sweden . rose for the purpose , not of objecting to a subsidy to the king of Sweden , but of declaring his sentiments respecting the actual situation of that monarch . Much as he admired the fidelity of his Swedish majesty , he did not think it superior to that which had been displayed by Austria ; and if the king of Sweden was reduced to the same situation in which both Austria and Russia had been reduced , by the pressure of the war , he did not think it would be any impeachment of the honour and character of that prince , if he were to conclude a peace as they had done . He was of opinion , that the wisest policy which the king of Sweden could pursue in the present circumstances , would be to conclude a peace with France . And it was highly important for the government of this country to consider , that by offering him an inducement to persevere in the war , it might be contributing to bring him into a situation in which be might be obliged to accept of terms of peace much more disadvantageous than those he might now obtain . He reprobated in strong terms that article of the treaty which stipulated that the king of Sweden should not conclude a peace , or even a truce , with his enemies , without the concurrence of this country . Either this article was meant to be observed , in which case it might be attended with ruinous consequences to that monarch ; or it meant nothing at all ; and in this view he thought it highly blameable to bring such engagements into disrepute , by making them merely for the purpose of being broken . If it was binding upon one party , it was binding also upon the other ; and would the right hon . secretary contend , that if a favourable opportunity occurred for this country 's negotiating a peace with France , and the advisers of the king of Sweden should object to our availing ourselves of it , the British government ought to consider such an interference as an insurmountable obstacle in the way of negotiation ? A similar engagement was contracted in the course of the last war with the king of Sardinia , by which we had bound ourselves not to conclude a peace with France , but upon the express condition , that he was to be reinstated in the whole of his dominions . This engagement was violated by the treaty of Amiens , and thus had brought disgrace upon the country . He did not mean to say , that we had acted wrong in concluding the peace of Amiens , but he insisted that we 1163 had acted extremely wrong in contracting an engagement which we were then obliged to . violate . Upon that article of the treaty , which stipulated , that an auxiliary force shall be sent to the king of Sweden , he observed , that a rumour had gone abroad , that a large force was to be sent by government to the Baltic , and now it was reported that this expedition was countermanded . He did not pretend to know the intention of the king 's ministers upon this subject ; but the particular mention made in the treaty , of the king of Sweden keeping his flotilla in readiness to act , shewed that there had been some idea of co-operation on the part of this country ; a measure from which no good could possibly result either to him or to us . The hon . gent . next adverted to what he considered as a great omission in the treaty , namely , that it contained no stipulation on the part of the king of Sweden to co-operate in giving effect to