to be made with a view to the animadversion of the house . rose , pursuant to notice , to move that the minutes of the committee appointed to try the merits of the Petition against the election and return for the county of Sussex , should be laid before the house . As the motion was one rather unusual in its nature , he thought himself called on to state the grounds on which it was made . A motion was made , before the committee was appointed , for an exchange of the lists of objectionable votes on both sides , which motion was negatived . The consequence was , that when the committee met , and proceeded to investigate the merits of the petition of Mr. Sergison , they were obliged to decline entering at all into an examination of its merits , because they considered themselves as precluded , by the resolution of the house , from examining the validity of those 1307 votes which would have been questioned by the petitioner . Nothing was more distant from his mind than to call in question , either the decision of the committee , or any part of their proceedings ; but he thought it extremely important , that the standing order of the house , upon which the decision was founded , should be altered , not merely by a resolution of the house , but by act of parliament . And , as a specific ground on which he should afterwards move for leave to bring in a bill for this purpose , he now moved , That the minutes of the proceedings of that committee should be laid upon the table of the house . was of opinion , that before the house acquiesced in the motion which had been now submitted to them , they should be put in possession of facts different from those with which the hon . gent . had prefaced his motion . It was not usual for the house to agree to such a motion , except upon some resolution of the election committee , or upon some report made by this committee to shew its propriety or necessity . With respect to the decision of that committee , he was certainly as averse from questioning its propriety as the hon . gent . ; and if he were to deliver an opinion upon the subject , he would say that they had acted right in paying attention to the resolution of the house . Whether the standing order ought to be altered was another question , and one which might be discussed , whether the minutes of the committee were or were not before the house ; because , if a doubt existed , either respecting its propriety or interpretation , the proposed alteration might take place , as well upon the existing doubt as upon the proceedings of a committee , in their application to the individual case . He was of opinion , that the proceedings now moved for were not only unnecessary , but that their production would be attended with considerable inconvenience : because the debate which might afterwards take place upon them , would then involve the propriety of the decision of the committee , which , agreeably to the spirit of the Grenville act , ought in no case to be called in question . said , that as he had been a member of the committee on the Sussex election , he should shortly state to the the house the circumstances under which that committee decided upon the merits of the petition ; and this statement he prefaced with a declaration , that nothing was fur- 1308 ther from his intention than to find fault with the decision of that committee . He might take upon himself , however , to state , that in consequence of the standing order of the house , the majority of that committee had found themselves placed in a very unpleasant situation . The progress of the business was this ; a resolution was passed by the house at the commencement of every session