and vindicate their own cause by the massacre of his troops . The experiment in all these cases , has been made , and the predictions of those absurd and foolish prophets who foretold these and similar events have been , completely falsified . The union of the great powers of the continent to defeat him is no longer practicable . I repeat that I am not the apologist of France , 854 I am the advocate of England . I want to shew to England , that it is expedient on every account to make peace , and possible to maintain it ; and , that those who would still induce them to believe , that there is any prospect of obtaining better terms than we can now have , at any future period , grounded upon any of the common-place topics , which have been dwelt upon during so many years , have no foundation for their assertions.—We are told that if peace were made with France , she would immediately turn the whole or chief of her attention to the restoration of her navy . Undoubtedly she would do so , and France has always done so , during any peace that has taken place between the two nations : and she has always so far succeeded , as very much to improve the number and condition of her ships . The consequence has only been upon the renewal of war , to give fresh triumphs to G. Britain , and such I am confident would again be the case . But there is this difference : the French emperor is at this moment , and has been for a considerable time , as fully employed in the construction of ships , as he could be in time of the profoundest peace ; but what he wants , and what France will always want , is sailors . From the relative situation of the two countries , it is utterly impossible that as long as the commercial greatness of this country exists , the French navy can ever become , by many degrees of comparison , equal to that of G. Britain . By the continuation of the war , you risque the eventual loss , or at least the serious diminution of your commerce , the foundation of your naval greatness . By peace your commerce will be restored , enlarged ; and your naval greatness will be proportionably augmented . It is therefore in my opinion a most chimerical apprehension , that during any interval of peace , such a navy could be created by France , as would be at all formidable to the marine of G. Britain.—Lastly , it has been said , that the French emperor has sworn the destruction of this country , and will therefore never allow you to be at peace . I would ask when , where , and how , was this tremendous oath taken ? not when he was created chief consul of France , for at the moment of his elevation he eagerly applied for peace . Not when he was created emperor , for then he repeated in earnest and dignified language , his request for peace . Not in the course of the last summer , when victorious over Russia , when he again attempt- 855 ed to open a negociation for peace . Not even in the beginning of the present year ; when he perhaps for the last time , made advances for the same salutary purpose . The recognition of the consular power , was at the time of his first pacific overture of the utmost importance to him ; the recognition of the imperial dignity , he would also I think , have purchased at a great price ; but you have forced him to appear personally in every part of Europe , and that title which he vainly attempted to obtain from your friendship , or at least from your discretion , he has asserted and established at the point of his sword . Still , however , it would be highly conducive to his interest , to