forces , in fact , against us , that is , we should have their men fighting against us , and that , too , when they must evidently be animated with a spirit of enthusiasm , which nothing but our aggression could have given birth to . But then , said the noble lord , there is no set of ministers that would not have done the same . Had we not the authority of the noble lord by his side ( lord H. Petty ) , that he would do no such thing ? Had the house not had the declaration of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Windham ) , who was absent , of his detestation of the measure under all its circumstances ? Had they not heard that the most complete disavowal of the principles that were here acted upon , was pronounced by a noble relation of his who was now in the other house of parliament ? Did not every man who heard him know that such conduct was disclaimed by lord Grenville , lord Holland , and every other member of the late administration ? And yet . the noble lord could gravely state to this assembly , that he believed such would have been the conduct of any administration ! vindicated the conduct and consistency of his noble friend , and asserted , that though , from the communications received from him , he had not any sanguine expectation that hostility with Russia could he avoided , it had been his and his colleagues wish to avail themselves of every opportunity that might offer of restoring a perfect good understanding between the two countries . The 1233 eventual hostility with Russia was to have been apprehended ; they yet had a hope , that , in the interval , some circumstance might occur , which , if improved , might preserve the relations between the two nations Undisturbed . This was precisely consonant to the views held out , and the communications made by his noble friend . But , whilst they felt a hope that war might be avoided , it was their duty not to have neglected any measure of security against the combination of Russia , which was the most probable alternative . The hon . gent . who had just sat down , had again insisted on an argument , which all who had preceded him appeared to have abandoned viz . that the expedition to Copenhagen had produced the war with Russia . If the , papers on the table did not prove that not to have been the case , if the Russian Declaration since published , if the conduct of Russia towards Sweden , did not disprove it , he could refer to the authority of a person of the first rank in Russia , to prove the contrary to have been the case . Count Romanzow , in his interview with the English merchants at St. Petersburgh stated as one of the instances of our barbarous conduct to Russia , that we had detained a frigate laden with specie , to which they replied , that it had happened after a declaration of war ; Aye , said count Romanzow , but did we not suffer the Astræwa frigate laden with specie to depart after we had determined to go to war with G. Britain ? The Astræ had sailed from Memel on the 27th of July , months before any declaration of war , and weeks before any intelligence could have been received of She expedition to Copenhagen . This circumstance shewed that that expedition was not the cause of the war . As to the indignation expressed by the hon. , gent . because his noble friend had stated , that any administration would have acted in the same manner under the same circumstances , he had but to observe , that as his noble friend thought differently of the measure from the hon . gent . it was not surprising that he should have said that those ministers , who had undertaken the expedition Lisbon , would