converse of the proposition , as due to the hitherto proud character of G. Britain , and with such an impression he alone came forward , unbiassed by any party hostility to his majesty 's servants , to perform the duty he owed to himself and his country.—The motion being loudly called for , the house divided , when there appeared— Contents 31 , Proxies 20—51 . Non-contents , 61 , 44—105 . Majority against the resolution .. —.54 . rose to present a Petition upon a subject which he should recommend to the serious attention of the house , and of his majesty 's ministers . The subject was not new to that house , for in the year 1800 he had taken a considerable share , with a worthy and hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) whom he did not then see in his place , in the inquiries which had been made into the management of the Coldbath-fields Prison , and which brought the abuses in the government of that prison under the consideration of parliament . They had , on that occasion , established the case so clearly , that the distinguished person now no more , ( Mr. Pitt , ) who was then at the head of his majesty 's government , was obliged to give way , and consent to a full investigation of the whole transaction . Accordingly a commission was issued under his majesty 's sign manual , appointing commissioners , most of them members of that house , to prosecute the inquiry ; and a report was made , which entered very much into the detail of the subject . But unquestionably the defect or error of that report was not , that it exaggerated the abuses complained of in the interior administration of the government of the prison . He found , however , that the means recommended in the report , for the redress of the abuses complained of , had not been carried into effect , nay , had been abandoned , and he very much feared , that the abuses had increased in consequence . The allegations contained in the petition , he had not felt it necessary to enquire into , previous to his presenting it to the house , because he had received the Petition from such a respectable quarter , and upon such high authority , that he could not entertain any just doubts of the correctness of the statements it contained , The Petitions was signed by Mr. Stevens , foreman , and by the other members of the grand jury of the county of Middlesex , as well as by Mr. Phillips , one of the sheriffs , a gentleman , who , infinitely to his credit , applied himself , with the most laudable zeal , to the execution of all the duties of his arduous office . He could assure the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that this matter was not brought before parliament by him with any party views , nor had the petitioners any such object in their contemplation . On the contrary , it had been his practice , on every occasion when he had a petition to present , praying for a 663 redress of grievances , to submit the subject to the consideration of his majesty 's ministers , whenever the redress could be effectually administered by them , rather than bring the matter forward publicly in parliament . This course had been followed in the present instance . A communication had been made to his majesty 's government by the foreman of the grand jury , in an interview which he had with one of his majesty 's ministers . As no steps had since been taken in consequence of such communication , he had thought it his duty to present the petition to parliament . But , he should , for the present , content himself with moving , that the petition do lie on the table , leaving the whole credit of the business to his majesty 's ministers , if they should think proper