Dec. 1806 . When that document was before the house , an opportunity would arise of justifying the Orders in Council issued by his majesty 's late government , and which his majesty had been advised to represent as inadequate to their purpose in the speech with which , in his majesty 's name , the commissioners had opened the present session of parliament . He concluded with moving for the production of that documemt . did not see the necessity of producing this paper . It was already before the world , and every advantage might be derived from it in argument which the noble lord could wish for . His objection to the production of it was chiefly an objection of form ; for he was at a loss to see with what propriety a paper so intimately connected with the Treaty itself could be produced , while it was not thought proper or necessary to produce the Treaty itself . was surprized to see the noble secretary stop short so suddenly in his career of concession ; and his surprize was still greater at the reasons assigned for it . The noble secretary refused to produce the instrument moved for by his noble friend ; and why ? because it had had a close connection with the Treaty , which it was not thought proper at present to produce . Yet , but a moment ago , he made no objection to the production of a paper moved for by another noble friend of his ; which paper , however , had a much closer connection with the Treaty than that to which he now objected . However public the paper might be , it was for the 314 dignity of that house , and for the convenience of discussion , to have it laid on their lordship 's table by an order of their own.—The question was then put and negatived . wished to know from the right hon . secretary for foreign affairs , whether he had any objection to lay before the house copies of the Letters from which he had read extracts in a late debate . He was desirous to know particularly whether there was any objection to the production of the Letter from lord Howick to Mr. Garlicke , and the letter from Mr. Rist , on the subject of the Orders in Council , with lord Howick 's answer . It was due in fairness to that noble lord , as this last had been much dwelt upon , to place it before the house in a full and unreserved form . wished the hon . gent . either to make a motion , or give notice of one ; he should then know what answer to give . It was usual either to make a communication on these subjects in private conversation , or to give a previous notice publicly.—Mr . W. then gave notice for Monday ; he did not want any private conversation . moved , that the house do resolve itself into a committee of ways and means , and that the Orders in Council , presented to the house on the 26th of Jan. ( see p . 126 . ) be referred to the said committee . had hoped , that before this motion should be brought forward , some explanatory papers would have been produced , and some explanatory statements made , to remove the doubts which existed as to the legality of the Orders themselves . Certainly , if there were doubts as to the legality , those doubts ought to be removed , before the sanction of parliament was asked for the Orders . His arguments in the present stage , would be directed solely to the legality ; for the policy of the Orders could be more conveniently canvassed in the committee . He certainly felt great difficulty in entering into an argument on this head . Unlearned as he was in the law , like the majority of the members of that house , he was perhaps unfit to form an opinion on the strict legal right . But