he did , he was mistaken ; because these transactions had been known at St. Petersburg either on , or shortly after , the 20th of August . If that were so , he would ask his right hon . friend whether , under such circumstances , he would not think it proper to take advantage of such a disposition , in order , if possible , to preserve the relations of amity and alliance which had previously subsisted between the two countries ? The note demanding an explanation of the attack upon Copenhagen , had been communicated under the influence of a power which had since acquired and exerted an ascendancy in the Russian councils . Though the dispatches communicating this note had been received with the other , they did not seem to his majesty 's ministers sufficient to alter the view which they had of turning to advantage , if possible , the friendly disposition which had appeared on the part of Russia . If this had been the use which his right hon . friend made of the papers produced at the desire of his own friend , what credit would he have given to the dispatches if they had been voluntarily 747 laid upon the table by his majesty 's ministers ? Would he not have said , that ministers had produced them in order to make out their own case ? But he should not then enter into the general question , until it should be regularly brought before the house , by the motion of the learned gent . on Wednesday . If his right hon . friend was prepared to contend that the question ought to be answered because it was put ; or that , according to the daily practice of that house , it ought to be answered without any reference whatever to any particular course to be grounded upon it ; he was of opinion that it would require somewhat more than the ingenuity of his right hon . friend to establish that point . If he understood his right hon . friend right , he had adverted to certain misconstructions which had been put upon what had fallen from him on a former occasion , as if he had made statements from documents in order to misrepresent the general tenor of their contents . Upon this particular point he should observe , that if other reasons did not interfere with the production of these documents , he could , for his part , have no objection to producing them ; and on this occasion he trusted he should meet with the indulgence of the house , in adding a few words upon a subject so immediately personal to himself . If he were to look to himself alone , he should have no difficulty in producing the papers , which would take away all misconstructions upon the subject , and leave the learned gent . when he came to bring forward his motion , to discuss it upon the mere naked principle . His right hon . friend had mis-stated the view in which he had used one of those papers which he had read . He had stated , that he ( Mr. C. ) from lord Howick 's dispatch , had imputed that the Danish court was in collusion with France , but this was a mistake ; he had only stated that , from all the circumstances of Denmark 's having retreated as the French advanced towards Holstein , there was reason to apprehend , if they got possession of Holstein , Denmark might dread their proceeding to do the same by Zealand , and that might be a means of drawing the Danish fleet into the hands of France ; and he thought the noble lord had good cause for fearing that might be the case . His right hon . friend , in one part of his speech , admitted , and in the wording of his motion , had more strongly confirmed the admission , that it must be left to his majesty 's 748 ministers to say what particular papers ought