in not farther extending the calamities of war : and the right hon . gent . who spoke last , had told the house that he would rather have seen the Danish fleet in the hands of Buonaparte than moored in an English port . These were a few of the novelties with which the house Were to be compensated for the other stale topics that the hon . 296 gentlemen had urged in the course of their speeches . They had not , however , produced the effect of altering his opinion in the smallest degree . Much had been said upon the abstract principles of right and wrong ; but those principles , it ought to be considered , were eternal acid immutable , nor could any information render an act just which was essentially unjust . It had been contended , that the measure now before the house , was wrong upon the face of it . But he would ask , if there was not something wrong on the face of a motion which required a disclosure of information confidentially communicated ? He was as great . an advocate for the correct political morality of this country as any man ; but if a thing was wrong in itself ; no disclosure could make it right , however injurious that disclosure might be to the public service . The approbation of the hon . gentlemen would , at all events , be extremely difficult to be obtained ; and certainly the risk of doing injury to the public interests should not be hazarded , in order to procure so precarious a benefit . Unanimity , however desirable , would be dearly purchased by public mischief . The present ministers had exalted themselves and the country ; the late ministers had sunk themselves and the country . Was this a reason why the present ministers should be deprived of the confidence of parliament ? He maintained , that no law of nature could be violated by the measures taken by us to ensure our own safety . It was the most flagitious of all descriptions of morality , that would allow the opportunity of self-preservation to pass by unimproved . He could not countenance the feelings that would spare Denmark to the destruction of Britain . He advised the hon . gentlemen , instead of bringing forward motions of this description , at once to propose a resolution that ministers had lost the confidence of parliament . In this opinion , he believed , they would find but a small proportion , either in the house or out of the house , to join them . They might , indeed , on the present question , find a few adherents from amongst some gentlemen who were generally supposed to think for themselves , or to have entrusted their opinions to a certain viscount , no longer a member of that house . [ Here the hon . member was called to order . ] But he had the satisfaction of thinking , that there would be a great majority against them , equally independent with those to whom he had now alluded . reminded the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that it would have been more regular in him to have waited till the members , to whom he had just , alluded , had stated their sentiments upon the present question , and given him an opportunity of replying to what they advanced . Upon the speech of the right hon . secretary he had to observe , that he had endeavoured to draw the attention of the house from the question now before them , and to bring them back to one on which they had already come to a decision . The house , in its address to the king , had concurred in congratulating his majesty upon the success of the expedition , and this concurrence was obtained in an irregular way , and , as it were , by surprise . The question now before the house was altogether different , nor was he to be led