again divided . Contents , 48 ; Non-contents , 109 . The house then resolved itself into a committee on the bill . A long and desultory conversation ensued , in the course of which , attacked the late administration for their Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. and asserted that it was the foundation of the late Orders . said , that this charge repeatedly made reminded him of Swift 's Tale of a Tub . We produce , said lord Erskine , a piece of bread , we eat it in their presence , we bring the baker who baked it ; every body round agree it to be bread , but the noble lords answer that it is not bread , but the fattest mutton that ever came out of Leadenhall Market , and the only proof they give of the proposition is , that if any man ventured to assert the contrary , they hoped that God might eternally damn him . Lord Erskine said , that these Were the words of the rev . Dean Swift , and not his , and therefore the bishops must pardon the profaneness . He said , he had no doubt , that if it were convenient to establish that his lordship 's black coat was any green colour , it might easily be accomplished . As many as are of that opinion , say Aye'—would give it in a moment any colour in the rainbow . 1246 —His lordship here adverted to the Bark bill . He said , that Mr. Burke in one of his immortal orations , had also given immortality to the benevolent Howard ; — speaking of that great man in his career of humanity , he had said , `` He has visited all Europe ; not to collate manuscripts or to collect medals , but to dive into the depth of dungeons ; to plunge into the infection of hospitals ; to survey the mansions of grief , misery and despair ; to pity the forsaken , to remember the forgotten , and to collect and collate the distresses of all men in all countries . It was a circumnavigation of charity '' It was fit , said lord Erskine that this circumnavigator of charity should have received his being in that country which had been the instrument of providence in her circumnavigation of the earth ; not like the first discoverer , carrying cruelty and death in her train ; but collecting mankind together under the dominion of laws and liberty . But what was the proposed circumnavigation of ministers ? They at this moment , like Howard , were to visit all Europe ; like him they were to plunge into the infection of hospitals ; but not like him , to remember the forsaken and forgotten , but to pluck the balm of health , or rather of life , out of the mouths of the miserable . They were to rob them—not of one medicine , which , as he had said formerly , might be substituted for another ; but which he would repeat again , even as often as they repeated the Order of the 7th of Jan. that would subject Great Britain to the final everlasting curse— '' I was sick and ye visited me not . '' moved that the chairman should report progress , but this was resisted . The preamble after a good deal of controversy was agreed to . It was ordered that the house should resume , and the chairman ask leave to sit again . The house accordingly resumed , and after receiving the report of the chairman of the committee , adjourned at four o'clock on Thursday morning . rose pursuant to notice , to move for the Correspondence which had passed between his majesty 's ministers and Mr. Garlike , respecting the hostile designs of the court of Denmark against this country , which it had been asserted , were made evident by that correspondence . It was desirable indeed that satisfactory evidence should be laid before the house , in proof of the expediency