sufficient for a foreign minister , in corresponding with the secretary of state , merely to begin his 617 dispatch with 'dear sir , ' or 'dear Canning , ' entirely to defeat all inquiry . He contended , that there was no analogy whatever between the case in question , and the double diplomacy of Louis XIV . because the communication to which it referred was transmitted by the accredited agent of government ; and he put the right hon . gent . in mind , that it was only now called for in consequence of the system of misrepresentation , which he bad been the first to introduce into debate by reading partial extracts from documents , for the purpose of giving more effect to a brilliant speech . contended that all precedents were against the production of papers relating to confidential conversations with sovereigns . He commended the resistance made by the secretary of state in the present instance . It was only by a reserve of this kind that the dispositions of sovereigns and their ministers , to hold confidential communications with us , could be preserved . He was ready to vote for the production of all papers necessary to the justification of the late ministers , from the charges preferred against them throughout the country . But he would not consent to the production of any papers , not in themselves proper to be produced and called for , only from mere party motives . He professed a great personal esteem for the noble lord , who was particularly interested in the production of the paper principally alluded to , and he therefore lamented the more , that the noble lord had disclosed as much as he had done . hoped , notwithstanding the general cry of question , that the house would permit him to make one or two observations , in reply to what had fallen from the other side . The right hon . secretary , with his usual ingenuity , had contrived to favour the house with two speeches upon the same subject ; but had , whether from design or inadvertency , wholly departed in his second speech from the line of argument adopted in his first ; at one time a paper called for was objected to as unofficial ; and at another , the substance of that paper was refused , because the source of the intelligence was not at that time duly accredited . The right hon . gent . set out with requiring to be understood as speaking to the general principle , and then proceeded to state the particular case of Mr. Adair . This was certainly a very curious way of speaking to a general principle , without any reference 618 to individuals . The right hon . gent . had talked a good deal on the contusion that would arise in the public business , from the consequences of a double diplomacy ; and had taken great pains to impress upon the house the meaning of cross-dispatches , by the pantomimical gesture of crossing his fingers— ( a laugh ) . He was resolved , it appeared , to tale his stand by the accredited , and the accredited only . He would not look at lord Hutchinson , but the general principle ; and in the same breath , the right honourable secretary , spoke of English travellers passing through any continental court , & c. How was he to understand the right honourable secretary ? Did he mean to say , that lord H. was merely in an ordinary character ? Was his lordship to be considered merely as one of the heedless , gay , young travellers that occasionally sojourn at a continental court ; whose intelligence must have been as unimportant as his observations were superficial ? It was not a trifling familiar communication of court scandal from any of the buffoons or parasites that flutter about the person of the minister , the mistress , or the crowned head , that was demanded . What he asked for was the information which the right hon . gent