be assisted . Neither , my lords , do I forget or desire to affect in any manner the war prerogative of the king : it is created by the perils and exigencies of war , for the public safety , and by its perils and exigencies is therefore limited.—The king may lay on a general embargo , and may do various other acts growing out of sudden emergencies ; but in all these cases , the emergency is the avowed cause , and the act done is as temporary as the occasion . The king can not change , by his prerogative of war , either the law of nations or the law of the land , by general and unlimited regulations , even putting the statutes out of the question , which I am about to bring before you . In the year 1709 queen Anne 's ministers would not advise her maj. to suspend the laws under which corn was exportable , though famine was in a manner staring us in the face : she assembled her parliament , and told them that she had done all she could in the mean time , by issusing proclamations against forestalling . The example was followed by lord Hardwick , in 1756 , and has been considered to be the rule ever since . I therefore admit the king 's war prerogative , in the utmost extent to which it has ever been considered to be legal or constitutional since the æra of the revolution.—The statutes , my lords , which I shall now bring before you , begin with Magna Charta . I shall state them with the exception of two , which I have added , as they have been brought together in a most excellent Treatise upon the Orders in Council , written by a gentleman who is frequently an ornament of your bar.— [ Lord Lauderdale , at the table , said something to lord Erskine . ] I speak only from report ; I know nothing more.—My lords , the rights of merchant strangers , in amity 962 with the crown , to a free and open trade with England , is expressly settled by the 30th chapter of Magna Charta . The words are—'Omnes mercatores nisi publice antea prohibiti fuerint habeant salvum et securum conductum exire de Anglia et venire in Angliam et morari et ire per Angliam tam per terrain quam per aquam ad emend ' et vendend ' sine omnibus tollis malis per antiquas et rectas consuetudines preterquam in tempore guerre . '—I understand that these last words have been attempted to be construed to confine the privileges of the statute to a time of universal peace ; but all the antecedent words , as well as those which immediately follow , are utterly repugnant to such a construction : the antecedent words declare that they shall have safe conduct , which is only applicable when from the kingdom being at war with some nations and at peace with others , the safe conduct becomes necessary for strangers whose countries are at peace ; and the words immediately following are absolutely decisive : because instead of going on after the words preterquam in tempore guerre , ' to provide another rule for a state of war as opposed to a general state of peace , the words are— '' et si sint de terra contra nos guerina ; '' i. e. if the merchant strangers to whom privileges are before given , if their nations are at peace , shall happen to be at war , then another rule is directed ; which manifestly shews that the statute provided different rules for merchant strangers in amity , and for those whose nations were at war when the kingdom was at peace with some countries and at war with others . But 14th Edward iii . stat . 2. ch . 2. puts this matter wholly at rest ; for the words of that act are , `` that all merchant strangers , except those which be of our enmity , may without let , come into England with their merchandize .