that no opportunity ought to be omitted of negociation , were it merely for the purpose of informing , the people , who knew but little of the political interests of the country , of what we were fighting for . He advised ministers , however , in any negociation , to take a high ground , and that of the most perfect equality . At present , he sincerely deprecated all petitioning on the part of the people , because it could do no good , and would only tend to embarrass government and embolden the enemy . expressed a wish , that he could agree with the right hon . gent . on all the topics of his speech , as much as he did on that with which he concluded . He deprecated as much as the right hon . gent . all petitions for peace , and for the same reason , because they could do no good , and might be productive of much mischief . 91 Peace no doubt was in itself desirable , and it was not to be supposed that any government could be insensible to the motives of those who were most desirous of it , even though they were expressed much less strongly than in the petitions that might come before the house . He was prepared , however , even to go farther than the right hon . gent . and to declare his opinion , that honour in any peace which should now be concluded , might be considered as totally out of the question . Safety now was all that we need look for , and this was all that he would ask : `` Now give kind dullness , memory and rhyme , We 'll put off genius till another time . '' Could peace be made on terms that would put the country into any reasonable state of safety , he for one was willing `` to put off honour till another time . '' He was sorry that on the other topics which the right hon . gent . had introduced into his Speech , he was under the necessity of widely differing with him . He had laid down certain doctrines of generality which he was persuaded were very different indeed from the practice of the right hon . gentleman , and which , from the industry and eagerness with which they were diffused , formed , in his opinion , one of the most alarming features of the present times . It really seemed as if we had arrived at a new epoch of the world , and as if we were about to adopt a system directly the reverse of that which had been hitherto acted upon . The right hon . gent . appeared to treat anciently received principles with as little ceremony as any revolutionary French Committee had ever done , and to take leave of them with telling us , that all these old-fashioned doctrines are changed and exploded . He would still , however , venture to profess an attachment to the old maxim , of honesty being the best policy ; a maxim which was just as true when applied to the conduct of nations as of individuals . Nor did he think it sufficient merely to profess it ; it was equally essential to act upon it . But an open and public renunciation of this principle was an alarming symptom indeed , and infinitely more fatal to the cause of public morals than many practical deviations from it . It was a state of most hopeless depravity , when people began to adapt their theory to their practice . He advised ministers to stop short in this new career ; for he assured them , that they could cut but a poor figure when compared with the enemy , who , from long practice , had ac- 92 quired such a proficiency as to make it in vain for us to attempt now to contend with him . Whatever hopes the hon . gentlemen might entertain of themselves in that respect , he was