dishonourable compromise . His apprehensions arose from the consequences of inadequate preparation . But we might have supplied the defect . We might have protected them ; but this we never offered— [ Coughing. ] . He wished , indeed , that the history of the conduct of ministers could be drowned for ever , and blotted out of the memory of mankind , by such noise as this . Assistance , indeed , we offered them—but we first insisted upon plundering them , and leaving them in a state perfectly defenceless . Ministers had talked of employing the System pursued by France , and of inspiring dread . But if justice and generosity were at an end— [ Coughing ] He begged pardon for using unparliamentary language , for justice and generosity did not seem to be well understood by the majority—but if justice and generosity were at an end , we began our system of injustice and dread , too late , as very little could then be made of it . He mentioned several minute circumstances to prove the sincerity of Denmark towards this country , but what put it beyond dispute , was the number of Danish vessels in our ports , the greater part of which might have got away if the Danish consul had not assured the masters that there was no reason to apprehend any hostility with this country . The Danes had , then , every disposition to defend themselves ; we could have assisted them if their means had been deficient , and there was not ; therefore , even a pretence of necessity for this expedition . said that he had been anxious to obtain the attention of the Speaker at an earlier period of the debate , because he was conscious that , having no claim on the attention of the house from ability to do justice to the question , he was little able to encounter that impatience which naturally prevailed at so late an hour.—He was , however , glad that the hon . and learned gentleman , ( Dr. Laurence ) had preceded him , for by laying down the laws of nations with his superior authority and talent , he had spared the house from hearing those principles more feebly urged by him , and left him only the duty of deducing , from what had been so ably stated , some principles which should guide the house in their decision on that night.—He .could now venture with more safety to argue , that other nation 1223 had some distinct rights , interests , and independence—That it we were swayed by a preference of British interests , so might Spain , Russia , or Denmark assert a preference for Spanish , Russian , or Danish interests , without offence or injustice to us ; and on such a fair and liberal view of the case alone could the house form a just decision . In the opinion he had formed , he trusted no party sentiment mixed itself ; for base , indeed , must that mind be which , when ministers had involved the country in war with the last nation which could be added to the formidable combination armed against us , and we fought for our existence , could suffer party motives to influence it on such a question.—Anxious , as he originally was , to express his opinion , that had been increased by the attempt made , on that night , to identify the house with the executive power , and to silence their right of examination and controul , because a majority had , on some former occasion , given some indirect sanction to the conduct of ministers : —first , such a doctrine Was wholly unconstitutional ; and secondly , additional information had been laid before the house since such expression of opinion . But it was not merely by a decision of the majority in that house , nor by any partial view of English passions or English interests , that we should be enabled to act with dignity or justice in a case between this country