the late expedition , had not the smallest scruple in disclosing all the secrets of ' government for the last seven years . differed from those gentlemen who seemed inclined to confine the question to the narrow grounds of any private information which ministers might have obtained , respecting the views of Denmark . Much stress had been laid by the gentlemen opposite , on the circumstance of ministers not having complied with the wish expressed for the production of the whole of the information which led theta to undertake the late expe- 299 dition against Copenhagen ; but whatever might be the opinion of certain gentlemen as to the propriety of having more documents before the house on this subject , he certainly thought enough was known to justify the conduct of ministers . From the relative situation of France and Denmark , it must be evident to any person who looked at the question without prejudice , that Denmark could not resist the power and influence of Buonaparte , even if she were seriously disposed to preserve her neutrality ; but he did not admit that Denmark was at the time firm in her resolution to oppose France , rather than depart from the line of policy which she had observed . Her disposition to hostility was manifested , according to his information more than once or twice against us . In the very streets of Copenhagen , a short time before our attack , an Englishman could not walk without the risk of being insulted , and told , that the policy of England had always been to shed the blood of others , in furtherance of her own interest exclusively . Combining this evidence of the public mind , obviously under French influence , with the conduct of Russia , what doubt could be entertained of an intention to form a hostile confederacy against the naval power and the independence of this country ? Under such circumstances , and in the present degraded state of Europe , who that felt for the welfare and glory of the empire , but must acknowledge that ministers aught to have been impeached if they had suffered the enemy to plan and mature an hostile combination , which they had the means of dissipating . Surely it ill became those whose supineness had proved nearly ruinous to us ; who had done nothing for the common cause , except sending a miserable subsidy to Prussia ; —it ill became such men to be the accusers of the present administration . It ill became those , who , by their spiritless inactivity , had given rise to the fatal necessity , to carp at a measure , which was absolutely necessary to repair the mischiefs resulting from their misconduct . How could the house reconcile the conduct of those champions of morality and justice , and their professions of respect for the law of nations , with their attack on Alexandria ? But they could not bear the contrast , and therefore they naturally attempted to question and vilify the brilliancy of an achievement which reflected disgrace on their own feeble expeditions . 300 It had been stated in the course of the debate , that both expeditions had been undertaken on the same ground ; but if so , which he did not admit , certainly there was a wide difference as to the result , and , therefore the present ministers gained by the comparison . On the whole , he was firmly of opinion , that administration was entitled to the support and gratitude of the country . said , that after the very brilliant and unanswered speech of the right hon . the secretary of state , and the insufficiency of the reply from the other side , it would not be necessary for him to trouble the house at any great length on the subject then under discussion . He should set out with stating , that he conceived it improper to disclose the information which ministers had received on the subject , because their honour was pledged to preserve secrecy . In another point of