the violators of their own decrees . Now , upon the ground of retaliation we are perfectly justified . It has been said , that our Orders have been a violation of the law of Nations ; but need I revert to any other authority upon this subject than that of the late government themselves ? I confess that I can not see any difference in the principle , although there may be some in the degree , between these Orders and that of the 7th of Jan. ; they were founded upon the principle of retaliation . This principle was completely set forth by a noble lord ( Howick ) in a note to Mr. Ris , [ p.402 , ] in which he strongly re- 674 presents the injustice of the French Decree of Nov. 1806 , and justifies the conduct of his majesty in issuing the Order in Council , of 7th Jan. which Order was founded upon the just principle of retaliation . This principle seems to have been asserted by France herself . I do not feel it , notwithstanding these authorities , necessary to plead the justification of these Orders , by the precedent of that issued by his majesty 's late governments—No ; think , and I am sure , this house will feel , that they are perfectly justifiable ; and , I will add , founded on the law of nations . In 1798 , Russia feeling at that period the aggressions and overweening tyranny of France , did issue an Order of a much stronger stamp than those issued by G. Britain , and so much complained of ; that Order authorised the seizure of all ships proceeding to France . I do contend , that the question of the conformity of these Orders to the law of nations , can not be viewed in the abstract . It may be asked , will you repel injustice with injustice ? No . —But , I would ask , is it to be endured , that one belligerent shall be suffered to act towards another in a manner the most unjust , and the most contrary to the laws of nations , and that the other belligerent shall be bound to observe the accustomed usages and conduct towards her ? I do contend that France has acted towards this country in open violation of every law of nations ; and I do maintain that this country is justified in retaliating upon her . If it be said that the law of nations ought not to be observed , I do from my heart protest against such a principle . I do think that nothing but the most urgent necessity can warrant its nonobservance . If , however , your enemy will not be bound by it , I do think that you have no other resort but that of going back to first principles , and looking to self-preservation.—Much has been said of the infringement of neutral rights , but I have heard very little said of neutral duties . In the operation of these Orders in Council , it never was in the contemplation of the framers of them to oppose neutral rights . If America suffer , it is what is unavoidable where her interest is so connected as in the present war between this country and France . These measures against America were alone intended to annoy France , not to injure or infringe upon the rights of neutrals . Every concession , that was compatible with the defence of the country , I do maintain was 675 made in favour of neutrals . America was , as before , admitted to go to the colonies and bring back their produce for her own consumption . I can not consider it a hardship to require or a neutral whom you admit to go to an enemy 's colony , to be subject to certain restrictions for such admission . If you have a right to interdict it , you have a right to point out such regulations as you think fit . It has been said that the