been maintained for strict adherence to justice , and that it might be always said with truth— Semper honos nomenque tuum laudesque manebant . Though the name may remain to us , and great power too , yet we may have lost our reputation , our honour , and our glory . These may be gone ; and we may become by such councils a reproach and a bye-word to the nations . ' Buonaparte might say to the nations of Europe , `` I have been loudly and incessantly accused . But who did this ? It is England , the preacher up of public law , and public morals and social order ? '' See what morality has done ! Foreign nations might answer , `` Is that indeed England , who valued herself upon her character ? Why , `` old Cato is as great a rogue as you . '' He wanted to hear from some of the learned doctors and sages of the law on the other side of the house—our wise men who had studied long and deeply , and had preached , and enforced the general duties of law and public morals ; —he wanted to hear from them , whether all that had been hitherto received and acknowledged was to be considered as foolishness . He should like to know what they thought of the new doctrines of their associates . Were they prepared , like Prospero in the play , to break their wands , to throw off their wigs and gowns , and to bury their books ? or were they prepared to follow the example of the lady , so much talked of a few years ago , who threw away her camphor bag , and exclaimed , `` Adieu , virtue ! welcome 295 pleasure ! '' He wanted to hear them deliver their opinions in this house on a subject of such great and paramount importance.—The , right hon . gent . then proceeded in his argument to strew that no honourable acquittal could be given to ministers for the seizure of the Danish fleet , without fuller information , and that it was not a want of information , but something worse , that he chiefly complained of . He condemned severely the conduct of the right hon . seer . of state in withholding that sort of information which the house ought to have , and which was absolutely necessary . He never knew the house so contumaciously treated . Ministers put criminal intentions into their bill , but they could not and would not stand to that charge , neither could they charge collusion . He again condemned the expedition to Copenhagen , as a war of plunder , and declared , that the only way left for him , in his individual capacity to act , towards wiping out the stain inflicted on the country , was to avow publicly his sincere and pointed condemnation , and to express his heartfelt regret , at the measure that night under consideration . said , that after the discussion which took place on the subject on a former occasion , he had waited with some degree of curiosity to hear what line of argument would be adopted by the hon . gentlemen opposite on the present evening . He was not a little mortified , however , to find that they had advanced scarcely any thing new ; that they were still attempting to assert the interests of every country in preference to those of England , and to give credit to the assurances of Buonaparte , while they omitted no opportunity of calling in question the Declarations of their own sovereign , or his ministers . There were , to be sure , some novel points ; the right hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , had maintained that Denmark alone was able to resist the whole force of that power which had , with very few exceptions , laid every nation in Europe prostrate at its feet . One right hon . gentleman had reproached ministers for their shabby policy