have security , that the peace which you make shall be maintained during any given period , you must abandon all hopes of peace ; but I should enter into negotiation , expecting that it would terminate in peace ; and hoping that such peace would be permanent and secure , or as much so as at any other period with 841 any other government.—The right hon . gent . in the Declaration which I take to be his production , has described in glowing terms , the present state of the French power ; he has asserted , and most truly , that 'kingdoms are prostrate at her feet , and that the population of nations is ranged under her banners . 'Formidable indeed is the power so described , but what has laid kings prostrate at her feet , and what has ranged the population of nations under her banner ? the infatuated policy of England , during the last fifteen years . Is there any hope then by a perseverance in the same policy , that this power can be in the smallest degree diminished ? Let us not deceive ourselves , nor stand aghast as if something preternatural had been effected ! there is no miracle in all this , it is simply the consequence of one man , of extraordinary talents , taking advantage of the folly and the blunders of the rest of mankind . We talk of the machinations , the artifices , and the intrigues of Buonaparte : they all resolve themselves into four great battles , Marengo , Austerlitz , Jena , and Friedland . These are the machinations by which he got the continent into his power . You made it necessary for him to fight those battles ; you combined the world against him , he has conquered the world combined , and he has combined the world against you . We talk again at other times , of the fortune of Buonaparte , as if there were some good genius attendant upon him , which led him to the accomplishment of his objects , and as if an evil genius at all times attended the coalitions formed against him , and led them to defeat and to disgrace : Sir , The lucky have their moments , those they use , Th ' unlucky have their hours , and those they lose . That is the solution of this great mystery as it respects Buonaparte and the powers engaged against him . What could be more absurd , not to go back to former periods , than the last coalition excited by England against France ? To enter into the detail of all the Papers , which were imprudently thrown upon the table of the house of commons , * at the time lord Mulgrave held the office of foreign secretary of state , would not be possible at this time ; but I would refer the house , and the public , to a review of them , for the proof of what I assert . Austria was totally unprepared . She was a power at that time as * See Appendix to vol . vi . 842 great , if not greater , than before the revolution of France . Her dominions were more concentrated , her population greater , her spirit , even under the most cruel reverses , had never been broken ; and if you would not have dragged her forth at a time when she was conscious of her inability to stir , she might have recovered ; and , at some future period have opposed to France a most formidable and effectual resistance . Forced by your impolicy she ran upon her ruin ; and although she has been suffered to remain a great power still , much more time will be requisite before she can again make head upon the continent . Russia was an unbroken power , but it was madness to call her forth at the moment that you did ; and the formation of the last coalition was one of that series of acts of impolicy ,