France . To this principle , he conceived , we were in honour bound to adhere . The offer of restoring the Danish navy upon the re-establishment of peace , was even made a fortnight after the declaration of war by the Crown Prince . But it might 644 be argued , that that prince refused to ratify the capitulation , and that by so doing he had precluded himself from any advantages derivable from the proclamation of our commanders , or the summons previous to the commencement of the bombardment . It was certainly true , that that high-minded personage had refused to ratify the capitulation ; but did it appear that he acted in any manner to impede it ? We were , he would contend , bound to act upon that principle upon which we had set out , namely , that of taking the Danish navy in deposit . To this we were no less bound by honour and policy than by the strictest interpretation of the law of nations . He would , with the permission of their lordships , read to them an extract from the ablest writer on that important subject , and which , though an extract , had nothing he could assure them in it which was not warranted by the context . His lordship here read several passages front Grotius , De Jure Belli et Pacis , tending to support his argument . The conduct of the court of Denmark , he contended , could not be considered as hostile . The war began from us . We left the Crown Prince no alternative but that of war.— There was another reason which made him anxious that their lordships should adopt his motion at present . He had learned , that the Danish ships were ordered to be fitted out for the service of this country . He was anxious to prevent so precipitate and impolitic a measure . The ships , by what he had heard , were quite unqualified , or at least not qualified in the manner our ships were , for the wear and tear of our service . To render them so , would require an expence which could be applied , with far greater advantage , to the various ships now constructing , or under repair in our own dock-yards . But even if the Danish ships were in a state fit to proceed upon any service , he would still protest against their being employed . There was but one circumstance , the destruction of a great part of the navy of England , which would induce him to consent to our making any use of the Danish navy , with our present maritime superiority . We did not want ships . We had enough to contend with the united navies of the world . He could not perceive , therefore , the policy of fitting out this new accession to our maritime strength ; but he could anticipate some probable advantages from following another course : he could devise no system of policy more likely to_conci 645 liate the Danes , and to draw them , by degrees , into that close and friendly connection with us in which they were formerly united . It would also tend to bring back the emperor of Russia to his natural connection with this country—a connection which was dissolved no less by imperious necessity , than the rash and unwarrantable attack upon the Danish capital . He also looked , he confessed , with great expectations , to the impression which a resolution of such magnanimity , justice , and consistency would make upon the nations of the continent . He could not anticipate any act of ours which could be more likely to shake that enormous influence which France had acquired over the rest of Europe . It was by arming all the nations of the continent against us , by placing them in array , by exciting their feelings against what was called our tyranny and injustice , that that man , who now wielded all the force of those nations , expected