crown with respect to them , were talked of , he could not help recollecting the instance of a distinguished character in that house , he meant the late Mr. Burke , who had been most active in the early part of his political career in reforming and abolishing offices , and in limiting the prerogative of the crown , and who lived to lament and condemn all those reforms , abolitions , and limitations . He again insisted on the power of the house over the acts of its committees , and recommended the preservation of the prerogative of the crown , which was the foundation of the privileges of the house itself . could not suffer the observations of the right hon . gent . who had just spoken , to pass without animadverting upon them . The single reason which the right hon . gent . had advanced for his opposition to this measure was , that it encroached upon the prerogative of the crown ; but he considered it one of the peculiar privileges of that house to watch over the prerogative of the crown , and to curb and moderate it , where it appeared to overreach that power which was vested in it ; but the right hon . gent . was certainly right in voting against this bill , for if he was not very much mistaken , that right hon . gent . was himself in possession of an office granted to him in reversion . It was the peculiar duty of that house , by the address which was voted in the last session of parliament , to take this measure into their most serious consideration . The proposed measure did not go to take away from the crown the power of appointing persons to offices of emolument , but merely to suspend the power of appointment to places which had been improperly exercised . In many instances , appointments were granted to persons while they were mere infants , and wholly incapable of executing the functions of them . This , then , was certainly an improper use of the prerogative . He believed the right hon . chancellor of the exchequer himself was an instance of this , having been appointed to a lucrative office while a minor ; nay , even while he was an infant . The same place was now held in reversion by the right hon . gent . 's brother , a member of the upper house ( lord Arden ) ; and that grant was certainly made when 99 it could not have been foreseen that the right hon . gent . would turn out to be a person of such transcendent talents and abilities ; capable of holding the high and important situation which he now filled . The office he alluded to , however , did not certainly require such transcendent talents and abilities as the right hon . gent . possessed ; for he believed it required little more abilities than were sufficient for counting the money arising from its emoluments into his own pocket . He confessed he thought any opposition to this bill was derogatory to the principles and opinions entertained by that house upon the subject ; and he trusted-the house would uphold its own honour and character , by again sending the bill up to the house of lords . thought it his duty to state a particular instance in which the reform of an office recommended by the committee of inquiry , in Ireland , could not be carried into effect , in consequence of its being granted in reversion . The office he alluded to was that of customer of the port of Dublin . It had been granted in reversion three deep . Two of the three had died while the reform was in agitation ; but the right of the third barred the reform . rose for the purpose of repelling the aspersions which had been thrown upon the memory of one of the proudest ornaments of this or any other country , by the inconsiderate observations of the right hon .