opinion , should at all times be regarded ; it was often the only barrier to oppose to rashness and overweening confidence . Was not the present a measure which went to overturn every part of the navigation Acts ? It was at the same time so much of an experiment that the right hon . gent . himself could not even give a name to the amount of the duties which it might be supposed to produce . If he could not tell us this , it was impossible he could tell us what the effects of the measure would be in other respects : and were we not , before we allowed every thing to be put upon the cast of a die , to . inquire if it was likely to answer any good purpose ? Something had been said as to the Petitions for Peace , now lying on the table . He was one of those who never could recommend such petitions , being satisfied that they had a tendency rather to put to a greater distance the object they had in view . But Was it not of consequence that we should hesitate when such petitions were before us and not run headlong into an act calculated to lead us into a new war , and that , too , with almost the only power with whom we wore now at peace ? could not agree with the.right hon . gent . opposite ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) , either in the answer he had given to the speech of his right hon . friend , or in the advice he had given to the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland . He thought the house had committed an error which it should correct ; and that it would commit another error if it followed the advice of the right hon . gent . as to Ireland . The Grand Committees belonging to this house were introduced in the best days of our parliament . To involve the Committee of Finance , or the means of making good the Supply to his majesty , with the Committee of Trade and Navigation , was to root up and destroy one of the most salutary privileges of that house . When any measure , was to be brought before the house , they knew its different stages for discussing the principle and detail . But when Grand Committees were established , one additional stage was granted , attended with this advantage , that members were not limited as to the number of times they might speak on the principle of the measure in one sitting . The question was , had this been done in the present instance in the proper committee ? It was said , it had been discussed in the committee of ways and 722 means . If so , he contended , that was not the proper place . To discuss the question with propriety three different heads presented themselves—finance , legality , and policy . How was it possible that the two last of these could be at all considered in a committee of ways and means , where nothing but finance was cognizable ? He should state a fact , which , in his opinion , was decisive of the question . In the year 1731 it was found necessary to change the duty on Irish linen from the fund in which it then stood to the aggregate fund . It was impossible that any thing could have a greater relation to finance than this , .yet , by the advice of a gentleman who then sat at the table of the house , than whom none was ever more competent to point out the proper mode of proceeding , it was resolved that the house should in the first instance go into a Committee of Trade , to which it was properly considered that every thing relating to trade , though it might latterly become a subject for financial regulation , primarily belonged . He-should suppose a case , that his majesty might be advised to make