disinclined to attempt to fix the atten- 614 tion of the house on nothing—a subject on which , however , the right hon . gent . could display his abilities : he , unfortunately , never found himself so much at home . —The first motion was then agreed to . begged Leave to alter his second motion , by substituting 'the Substance ' for ' a Copy ' of the communication from lord Hutchinson . opposed the motion in its amended from , because the substitution of the word 'substance ' for copy , ' in no way changed the merits of the question . He begged to be understood as putting the individual merits of lord Hutchinson wholly aside . He professed to have a high respect for the character of that noble person ; but contended that the question ought to be discussed without any regard whatever to his character . When a person was , delegated by the crown to represent it at a foreign court , he conceived it to be invariably meant , that the interests of the country were confided solely to this individual , and that all communications of a public nature , in as far as they tended to influence the conduct of the government at home , ought to come through this channel . If it should he argued , that the communication , for the production of Which the hon . gent . had now moved , came through this channel , still he would maintain , that an ambassador at a foreign court had a discretionary power of judging what communications he should transmit to his government in a public and official shape , and what he might think proper to make in a private and confidential manner . To the latter of these descriptions , the communication alluded to by the hon . gent . belonged ; and on that account he did not judge it a fit paper to be produced . If the hon . gent . imagined that this was the only instance in which accounts of conversations which certain individuals had held with the emperor of Russia , and of which his majesty 's government were in possession , he was under a great mistake . He was in possession of minutes of conversations which other persons , for whom he had as much respect as for the noble lord , had held that sovereign , and the purport of which was certainly very different [ a cry of hear ! hear ! from the opposition bench ] . The hon . gent . might refuse to rely on such conversations ; but he was equally entitled to refuse his confidence it that in which they trusted ; and the simple fact was , that his majesty 's government did not find it- 615 self , under all the circumstances , warranted in changing the line of policy which they had adopted , and were determined to pursue , in consequence of lord H. 's communication . He deprecated extremely the present motion , not only because it was calculated for the invidious purpose of creating misunderstandings , but because he conscientiously believed that if the present motion was agreed to , it would countenance the idea that if any British traveller [ loud cries of hear ! hear ! ] happened accidentally , from affability of manners , or any other cause , to recommend himself at a foreign court , so as to have frequent opportunities of communicating , in private with the prince , he might institute a cross correspondence , calculated to shake the confidence of the government of his own country in the communications which it received from its own accredited agent . He might , for example , put a possible case , which he stated simply as possible , from having read the history of former times—should a young man ( he would not say connected with any party , for parties were not supposed to exist ) , but should a young man while abroad on his travels , happen , accidentally , to go