T. Pole , sir C.M . Cutbert , J. R. Ponsonby , F. Eden , W. F. Pousonby , G. Folkestone , viscount . Prittie , F.A . Grattan , H. Pym , F. Greenbill , R. Russell , lord W. Harvey , E. Shakespeare , A. Hibbert , G . Sharpe , R. Horner , F. Shelly , T. Hurst , R. Sheridan , R.B . Ingleby , sir W. Tierney , G. Lamb , W. Ward , J.W . Lloyd , J. R. Wardel , W.L . Longman , G. Whirbread , S. Lyttleton , W. H. Windham , W. Macdonald , J. Tellers . Markham , J. Burdett , sir Francis Martin , H Lushington , S. moved the third reading of the bill for regulating the issuing and payment of Exchequer Bills . The bill was read a third time , after which , adverting to the circumstance of the creation of a new place , that of paymaster of exchequer bills by this bill , and the establishment of new modes of contracting for the circulation of exchequer bills , said , he did not mean to object to either in that stage of the bill , but felt it his duty to call the attention of the house to one clause in the bill , which appeared to him of much more serious consequence . The clause he alluded to was that which exempted persons who might contract under the bill , for the circulation of exchequer bills , from the operation of the 22d of the king , which disqualified all contractors from seats in that house . He therefore should move to have that clause left out of the bill . that the clause alluded to , had been copied verbatim from the annual bill , authorising the issue of exchequer bills upon the land and malt taxes . The clause extended only to protect the directors of the bank , with which corporation alone it was proposed to make arrangements for the circulation of exchequer bills . No new office was created by the bill , that of paymaster of exchequer bills having been in existence under the former bills . The object of the bill was to make permanent regulations for the 462 issue and payment of exchequer bills , and to correct the inconsistencies , which in , many instances existed between the provisions of the old bills and the modern practice respecting exchequer bills Besides , the 22d of the king could not be construed to extend to persons who were not contractors for procuring something for the public service , but merely agents for circulating exchequer bills ; otherwise every holder of an exchequer bill would be disqualified for a seat in that house . said , the clause objected to was a verbatim copy a the clause inserted in every bill , since the first adoption of exchequer bills ; and that it merely meant to protect the bank , as agents for the lending of money upon exchequer bills . No objection to this clause had ever been made before ; no actual abuse of it had ever yet been imputed , during 60 years ; and therefore he saw no ground for the present apprehensions . Ministers would not probably bring into that house the brokers employed to circulate exchequer bills . said , the enormous extent to which those bills were issued of late years , was a ground of apprehension , from the increased power this would give to ministers . He stated that , to many of the public offices , viz . to the Treasurer of the Navy , instead of cash , the sums to be disbursed for the payment of seamens wages , naval expenditures , & c. were sent down in exchequer bills , with directions that they should be converted into money by the regular treasury broker , Mr. Goldsmid . Mr. Goldsmid 's profits , by this species of brokerage , were enormous in the course of the year ; and though he might have no objection to see a man of his respectable character