; but even if 20,000 men were necessary for the defence of Oude only , was it not possible to have raised and disciplined 7000 men out of the armies of the nabob , which amounted to between 30 and 40,000 . Was not this the kind of reform we should have first attempted ? We might have made at least the experiment , and seen what British influence and discipline might have effected . It will not be pretended that you would have found any effectual resistance in the nabob to this measure of disbanding part of his army , and disciplining the remainder . On the contrary , we find him actually assisting in such a project , for half the battalions were purposely left unfilled . Conscious of the inutility of so large and unorganized a force , he would gladly have reduced a great part and organized the remainder . At first this was all you asked ; you desired only a reform of his army by the reduction of part of his useless battalions ; you said not a word of marching in your troops to replace them . Having repeatedly stated his army to be worse than useless , to be dangerous , and embarrassing to your own , all that you could wish was the removal , as far as was possible , of this danger and embarrassment . Any reduction was a gain ; it diminished your fears , and concentrated your own force ; it required therefore no additional number of troops . This was your alleged view of it at first ; for sir Alured Clarke in his letter to the vizier of the 21st of June , 1799 , writes thus The defence of your excellency 's dominions against foreign attack , as well as their internal tranquillity , can only be effected by a reform of your excellency 's military establishments . There can be no doubt that the measure might 1099 be effected with a degree of advantage to your excellency 's finances , little inferior to that which it promises to your military establishments . So lord Wellesley on the 26th of September , three months afterwards , writes thus : I can not conclude without expressing my anxious hope that your excellency will not suffer any consideration to delay for a moment the necessary alterations in your military establishment ; on the early completion of the improvement of your army , the safety and prosperity of your dominions essentially depend , and the present is the most favourable season for the accomplishment of this great and salutary work . ' Is it not plain from these letters , that what was originally meant and proposed , was a military reform ? Nor did the nabob view it in any other light : for on the 20th Oct. 1799 , he writes to lord Wellesley thus , your lordship desires that I will not delay for a moment the necessary alterations in my military establishment . The fact is , that the benefits both immediate and future of such reform are even more strongly impressed upon my mind than they are described by your lordship : and accordingly a year ago , from a sense of those benefits and of the evils arising from the failure of my resources , and the increase of my expences , I , of my own accord , planned in my own mind a reform in the system , and was the first to propose it . Your lordship 's reply that pressing avocations obliged you to postpone the question , rendered it a case of necessity . ' So that after all the assertions of the nabob 's unwillingness to listen to the measure of reform , it actually appears that he was the first to propose it , and that the delay was alone to be imputed to lord Wellesley ; indeed , I will defy the right hon . baronet to produce any one instance , in which any refusal , or even disinclination , on the part of the nabob existed to reform his civil or